CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLVING NURSING SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43279", path:"/courses/43279", description:"A consideration of contemporary nursing research as it pertains to the current state of the art and directions for future study. Advanced analysis of methodology, assumptions, and theoretical structures that underpin the work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIC SCHOLARS PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"39403", path:"/courses/39403", description:"The Civic Scholars Proseminar is the gateway, interdisciplinary course for first-year students in the Penn Civic Scholars Program, a four-year certificate program integrating scholarship and civic engagement. The course, open only to first-year Civic Scholars, provides context for students' future engagement, academic work, and program participation throughout their undergraduate experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"41615", path:"/courses/41615", description:"Intended for students who have no Japanese background. All four skills, speaking/listening/writing/reading, are equally emphasized. Hiragana/Katakana (Two sets of Japanese syllabic letters) and some Chinese characters (Kanji) are introduced. Textbooks: Genki I (Lesson 1- Lesson 7). Kanji: reproduction-approx.70/recognitio-approx.110", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSONALITY & INDIV DIFF", number:"null", id:"43410", path:"/courses/43410", description:"This course provides an introduction to the psychology of personality and individual differences. Many psychology courses focus on the mind or brain; in contrast to those approaches of studying people in general, the focus in this course is on the question 'How are people different from each other?' It will highlight research that take a multidimensional approach to individual differences and attempts to integrate across the biological, cognitive-experimental, and social-cultural influences on personality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Fiction and Poetry", number:"null", id:"35681", path:"/courses/35681", description:"See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROENDOCRINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45101", path:"/courses/45101", description:"This course is designed to examine the various roles played by the nervous and endocrine systems in controlling both physiological processes and behavior. First, the course will build a foundation in the concepts of neural and endocrine system function. Then, we will discuss how these mechanisms form the biological underpinnings of various behaviors and their relevant physiological correlates. We will focus on sexual and parental behaviors, stress, metabolism, neuroendocrine-immune interactions, and mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEEDFINDING", number:"null", id:"35975", path:"/courses/35975", description:"Needfinding is an approach that puts people and their needs at the center of product development and business strategy creation. Over 90% of new products introduced into the marketplace fail. A good portion of these failures are due to lack of understanding of end consumers and their needs. To develop truly successful new products, it's not enough just to ask people what they need or want. Designers and engineers need tools and techniques to get beyond what people can explicitly state and determine their implicit needs. Needfinding is an approach for developing deep insights that provide strategic direction for corporations and open up new possibilities for product development. In this class students will gain a toolset from which to develop their own approaches to conducting researching for design: learning how to think about other people, about culture, and about new perspectives. They will also learn tactical skills: how to define research questions, how to conduct observations and interviews, how to interpret results, how to synthesize them into fodder for design, and how to communicate their findings in a way that is compelling and actionable for designers, marketers, and business strategists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY,OIL&GLOBAL WARMIN", number:"null", id:"43344", path:"/courses/43344", description:"The developed world's dependence on fossil fuels for energy production has extremely undesirable economic, environmental, and political consequences, and is likely to be mankind's greatest challenge in the 21st century. We describe the physical principles of energy, its production and consumption, and environmental consequences, including the greenhouse effect. We will examine a number of alternative modes of energy generation - fossil fuels, biomass, wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear - and study the physical and technological aspects of each, and their societal, environmental and economic impacts over the construction and operational lifetimes. No previous study of physics is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"37516", path:"/courses/37516", description:"Management 238 is an organizational behavior course, examining individual, interpersonal, and group effectiveness at work. Topics range from decision- making, motivation, and personality to networks, influence, helping, leadership, teamwork, and organizational culture. The learning method is heavily experiential, with a focus on applying key principles to the human side of management in role-play exercises, simulations, and group projects in local organizations. This course requires the instructor's permission. Registration is by application only; Penn In Touch requests will not be processed. The link to the application form will be available on the Management Department's website: https://mgmt.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/undergraduate, beginning March 14, 2016. The deadline for applications is March 25, 2016 at 5 PM. Students will be notified after April 1, 2016 regarding the status of their application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH", number:"null", id:"40705", path:"/courses/40705", description:"Spanish 121 is designed for students who have some prior experience in Spanish. This course provides a quick-paced review of material normally covered in a first-semester Spanish course and then proceeds to introduce new material so students will be prepared to take Spanish 130 during the subsequent semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Social Enterprise Models and Social Impact Locally and Globally", number:"null", id:"42866", path:"/courses/42866", description:"If you believe in finding innovative ways to make a difference and solve social issues locally and globally, you will benefit from the Social Enterprise and Impact Locally and Globally Course (Social Enterprise). Social Enterprise is designed for those who have a practitioner's interest in the development, leadership, and management of the evolving nonprofit sector and their intersection with the socially conscious private sector and government. The course takes the student through the process of developing a mock social enterprise including idea exploration, testing and plan execution and provides the student with essential strategies and tools to conduct in-depth analysis of a social enterprise leading to their application to a regional social enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APOC DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"42723", path:"/courses/42723", description:"In this one-semester course, students will learn how to design tools to address global health problems. Primarily, the course will introduce the use of self-contained, portable medical diagnostics to provide high-quality medical care in resource-limited settings. This course will meet once a week in evening sessions during the spring semester and involved travel to Ghana (Kumasi Center for Collaborative Research in Tropica l Medicine) for one month between (approximately) May 19th and June 15th. The course will cover the following topics: 1) Introduce students to the techni aspects of designing self-contained medical diagnostics (i.e. microfluidics, embedded systems, molecular analysis, nanomaterials). 2) Train students to design and evaluate multidisciplinary solutions. 3) Introduce students to the art of forming international partnerships and collaborations. 4) Train student to design solutions that are appropriate for foreign cultures, economies, hist and regulatory environments", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MALAYALAM I", number:"null", id:"37566", path:"/courses/37566", description:"This course is designed to develop skills in reading, writing, and speaking. It will focus on the alphabet, basic vocabulary, nouns (cases, gender and number), verbs and their basic tenses, numerals, rules of joining words, adjectives, adverbs, and sentence structure. Guided conversation will be a part of every class. Students will receive considerable training in speaking and writing their own sentences and paragraphs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR SPANISH SPEAKER", number:"null", id:"44801", path:"/courses/44801", description:"Portuguese 114 is designed for students who have studied Spanish. The course begins with exposure to basic vocabulary and structures, advancing at an accelerated pace. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary. Students will participate in pairs, small-groups and whole-class activities that focus on the meaningful and accurate exchange of information. The class will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP. GOVERNANCE EXEC", number:"null", id:"41737", path:"/courses/41737", description:"This course examines the relationships between corporate managers, the boards of directors charged with overseeing them, and investors. We'll review the responsibilities of the board, including financial statement approval, CEO performance assessment, executive compensation, and succession planning. While boards are legally bound to represent the interests of equity investors, in the course of carrying out this role they are often called on to respond to the needs of numerous other stakeholders, including customers, employees, government and society at large. With global brands at risk and mistakes instantly transmitted via Internet and social media, the reputational stakes are very high.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC CIRCUITS & SYS I", number:"null", id:"41347", path:"/courses/41347", description:"This course gives an introduction of modern electric and electronic circuits and systems. Designing, building and experimenting with electrical and electronic circuits are challenging and fun. It starts with basic electric circuit analysis techniques of linear circuits. Today mathematical analysis is used to gain insight that supports design; and more detailed and accurate representations of circuit performance are obtained using computer simulation. It continues with 1st order and 2nd order circuits in both the time and frequency domains. It discusses the frequency behavior of circuits and the use of transfer functions. It continues with introduction of non-linear elements such as diodes and MOSFET (MOS) transistors. Applications include analog and digital circuits, such as single stage amplifiers and simple logic gates. A weekly lab accompanies the course where concepts discussed in class will be illustrated by hands-on projects; students will be exposed to state-of-the-art test equipment and software tools (LabView, Spice).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"44627", path:"/courses/44627", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL METH FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"35690", path:"/courses/35690", description:"This course introduces students to physical models and mathematical methods that are widely encountered in various branches of engineering. Illustrative examples are used to motivate mathematical topics including ordinary and partial differential equations, Fourier analysis, eigenvalue problems, and stability analysis. Analytical techniques that yield exact solutions to problems are developed when possible, but in many cases, numerical calculations are employed using programs such as Matlab and Maple. Students will learn the importance of mathematics in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"41500", path:"/courses/41500", description:"A continuation of GRMN 103. Expands students writing and speaking competence in German, increases vocabulary and helps students practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on weekly readings of literary and non-literary texts to facilitate exchange of information, ideas, reactions, and opinions. In addition, the readings provide cultural and historical background information. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, however, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. Students will conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABCS CHEMISTRY OUTREACH", number:"null", id:"36860", path:"/courses/36860", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37967", path:"/courses/37967", description:"This course examines contemporary environmental issues such as energy, waste, pollution, health, population, biodiversity and climate through a historical and critical lens. All of these issues have important material, natural and technical aspects; they are also inextricably entangled with human history and culture. To understand the nature of this entanglement, the course will introduce key concepts and theoretical frameworks from science and technology studies and the environmental humanities and social sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CITY", number:"null", id:"39412", path:"/courses/39412", description:"Urbs/Hist 210 will focus on Baltimore and use The Wire as one of its core texts. The course will explore the history and development of the city and its institutions, with a thematic focus on issues such as industrialization and deindustrialization; urban renewal and the role of universities; public education and youth; policing and the criminal justice system; drugs and underground markets; public housing and suburbanization; and Baltimore's so- called renaissance amidst persistent poverty. The seminar will include field trips both in Philadelphia and a concluding all-day trip to Baltimore.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ETHICS: FOOD AND FAT IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"39162", path:"/courses/39162", description:"This is a special course on topics in ethics. The content of the course will vary from semester to semester, but will focus on issues in applied ethics. Because of the interdisciplinary nature of the topics, readings may come from philosophy as well as other fields including sociology, public health, biology, and complex systems research. PHILOSOPHY MAJORS ONLY.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO BASIS PSYCHIA DISORD", number:"null", id:"41027", path:"/courses/41027", description:"The contributions of basic sciences (neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neurochemistry, and neuropharmacology) to an understanding of behavior and behavioral disorders will be covered and important psychiatric disorders will be discussed, primarily from the viewpoint of their biological aspects. Emphasis will be placed on critical evaluation of research strategies and hypotheses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRT BTLS ANCH WRLD", number:"null", id:"36700", path:"/courses/36700", description:"Ancient battles have offered great source material for Hollywood movies, such as Gladiator and Troy, the result being the aggrandizement and glamorization of warfare in antiquity. But what were ancient battles really like? What weapons and tactics were used? What innovations and developments in ancient warfare changed the playing field? And who were the leading characters on the battlefield that lead their armies to victory? 

Through a survey of some of the great battles of the Ancient Near East (Egypt, Israel, Assyria) and the Classical World (Greece, Macedonia, Rome), this course will lead you to explore issues such as the historical context of ancient warfare, how different aspects of warfare evolve over time, and the role and effects of war in ancient society, on soldier and citizen alike. Each week we will tackle some of the most notable battles fought in the Mediterranean region from the Bronze Age to the first century CE, including the campaign of the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmosis III against Megiddo, Homer's Trojan War, the Athenian/Persian naval battle at Salamis, and the Roman army's siege of Masada. We will discuss ancient attitudes toward war and violence, the technical aspects of armor, weaponry, and tactics, and the strategy of individual battles and wars. Additionally, we will debate the validity of the ancient literary sources and the archaeological evidence that provide information about war and warfare in antiquity, and we will review the problems associated with the use of this evidence. Additional topics of inquiry include the role of animals in war, depictions of war in ancient art, and the portrayal of warfare in Hollywood.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: BREAST FEEDING & HUMAN LACTATION", number:"null", id:"37645", path:"/courses/37645", description:"Human milk is recognized universally as the optimal diet for newborn infants. The health benefits of breastfeeding are so significant that a National Health Objective set forth by the Surgeon General of the United States for the year 2010 is to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies in the postpartum period. Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course will provide an in depth examination of the anatomy and physiology of lactation, essential aspects of establishing and maintaining lactation, and the nurses' role in counseling the breastfeeding family. Emphasis will be placed on current research findings in the content area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"43534", path:"/courses/43534", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATING ABOUT HEALTH: STRATEGIC COMM IN THE NEW MEDIA ENVIROMENT", number:"null", id:"41201", path:"/courses/41201", description:"Communicating about health is increasingly challenging in a time when communicators must deal simultaneously with audience generated content, like Twitter, industry generated algorithms, and a culture rife with deniers and factoids. This course examines the uses and misuses of strategic communication across a wide variety of health messages, audiences and purposes. It explores new approaches to audience segmentation, message design systems within the health messaging arena. A primary focus will be on developing knowledge about and critical tools to analyze words and images related to health and disease.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43412", path:"/courses/43412", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK ARCH & URBANISM", number:"null", id:"43733", path:"/courses/43733", description:"Introduction to the art of building and city planning in the ancient Greek world, 7th-1st c. BC. Emphasis on concepts of organizing space, on issues of structure, materials, decoration, proportion, and the Mycenean and eastern heritage as well as on theory and practice of urbanism as reflected in ancient cities (Athens, Pergamon, Alexandria) and writings (Plato, Artistotle, and others). Excursions to the Penn Museum and Philadelphia. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT GREECE", number:"null", id:"45086", path:"/courses/45086", description:"The Greeks enjoy a special place in the construction of western culture and identity, and yet many of us have only the vaguest notion of what their culture was like. A few Greek myths at bedtime when we are kids, maybe a Greek tragedy like Sophokles' Oidipous when we are at school: these are often the only contact we have with the world of the ancient Mediterranean. The story of the Greeks, however, deserves a wider audience, because so much of what we esteem in our own culture derives from them: democracy, epic poetry, lyric poetry, tragedy, history writing, philosophy, aesthetic taste, all of these and many other features of cultural life enter the West from Greece. The oracle of Apollo at Delphi had inscribed over the temple, 'Know Thyself.' For us, that also means knowing the Greeks. We will cover the period from the Late Bronze Age, c. 1500 BC, down to the time of Alexander the Great, concentrating on the two hundred year interval from 600-400 BC.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYN SYS FOR ENG&BIOL APP", number:"null", id:"39944", path:"/courses/39944", description:"This midlevel course in nonlinear dynamics focuses on the analysis of low dimensional, continuous time models for describing and understanding complex behavior in physical, biological and engineered systems. We assume some background knowledge of ordinary differential equations, and develop at an engineering applications level the concepts and tools of qualitative dynamical systems theory with major focus on analysis and some on synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Marketing Strategy", number:"null", id:"41774", path:"/courses/41774", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF WOMEN AND INFANTS", number:"null", id:"43215", path:"/courses/43215", description:"This course emphasizes the child-bearing cycle, and the related issues of maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. It also explores women and infant's health care and health promotion needs across the lifespan. It provides a global perspective, and uses the United Nations' Pillars of Safe Motherhood and World Health Organization's Millennium Development Goals as the vehicles to enable students to understand the interrelationships among issues of health and health promotion; social, economic, political and environmental contexts; and the care of women across the lifespan. Clinical experiences provide opportunities for students to understand the connections between the local and the global; to use their developing knowledge base to affect the health of women and their infants. Students will have opportunities for hospital-based care of child-bearing women and their infants. In addition, community-based experiences with individual women and with groups of women across the life cycle will be provided in order to enhance teaching, interviewing and assessment skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANT ANALYSIS ANTH DATA", number:"null", id:"42340", path:"/courses/42340", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a basic understanding of how to work with and present quantitative data. Topics include graphical display of numerical data, probability, sampling, descriptive and inferential statistics (parametric and non-parametric two-and three group tests, regression and correlation). Using examples drawn from the social sciences and anthropology, the focus is on teaching the logic behind quantitative arguments and statistical tests, rather than on the mathematical formulas, making the course especially relevant for students who do not have a strong background in mathematics. This course fulfills the Colleges Quantitative Data Analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ASIAN AM HIST: Asian Americans and Public History/Memory", number:"null", id:"35335", path:"/courses/35335", description:"Topics vary. Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"43350", path:"/courses/43350", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: CONTEMP AMER LIT: NOVEL OF THE YEAR", number:"null", id:"39882", path:"/courses/39882", description:"This course explores an aspect of contemporary American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year but have included 'The Literary History of The Cold War, 1947-1957' and the 'Kelly House Fellows Seminar.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF BIOLOGY: HUMAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"43325", path:"/courses/43325", description:"An introductory course about conceptual and ethical issues in the life sciences. Topics may include the nature of species, adaptation, fitness, the evolution of altruism, and debates about human nature. No prior background about biology or its history are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"44538", path:"/courses/44538", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Euro Zone Crisis - The EU in a Currency War for Survival?", number:"null", id:"41496", path:"/courses/41496", description:"'Let me put it simply...there may be a contradiction between the interests of the financial world and the interests of the political world...We cannot keep constantly explaining to our voters and our citizens why the taxpayer should bear the cost of certain risks and not those people who have earned a lot of money from taking those risks.' Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, at the G20 Summit, November 2010.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"2ND YR SPOKEN CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38277", path:"/courses/38277", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN003. The primary goal of the course is to improve students' conversational ability in Chinese. By the end of the semester, students will reach the survival level, namely, they can accomplish the basic day to day tasks encountered by visitors as well as the local people. These tasks include relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preference, feeling and opinion, ordering a meal, purchasing goods, asking directions, making travel plans, visiting a doctor, attending a social function and so forth. Short Chinese movies or television shows will be integrated into the course curriculum. Chinese character will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PLAY", number:"null", id:"36586", path:"/courses/36586", description:"How does one read a play? Theatre, as a discipline, focuses on the traditions of live performance. In those traditions, a play text must be read not only as a piece of literature, but as a kind of 'blueprint' from which productions are built. This course will introduce students to a variety of approaches to reading plays and performance pieces. Drawing on a wide range of dramatic texts from different periods and places, we will examine how plays are made, considering issues such as structure, genre, style, character, and language, as well as the use of time, space, and theatrical effects. Although the course is devoted to the reading and analysis of plays, we will also view selected live and/or filmed versions of several of the scripts we study, assessing their translation from page to stage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"40056", path:"/courses/40056", description:"This course provides a comprehensive introduction to theory and applications of chemistry in the earth and environmental sciences. Theory covered will include atomic structure, chemical bonding, cosmic abundances, nucleosynthesis,radioactive decay, dating of geological materials, stable isotopes, acid-base equilibria, salts and solutions, and oxidation-reduction reactions. Applications will emphasize oceanography, atmospheric sciences and environmental chemistry, as well as other topics depending on the interests of the class. Although we will review the basics, this course is intended to supplement, rather than to replace, courses offered in the Department of Chemistry. It is appropriate for advanced undergraduate as well as graduate students in Geology, Environmental Science, Chemistry and other sciences, who wish to have a better understanding of these important chemical processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF EMBEDDED SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42553", path:"/courses/42553", description:"This course is focused on principles underlying design and analysis of computational elements that interact with the physical environment. Increasingly, such embedded computers are everywhere, from smart cameras to medical devices to automobiles. While the classical theory of computation focuses on the function that a program computes, to understand embedded computation, we need to focus on the reactive nature of the interaction of a component with its environment via inputs and outputs, the continuous dynamics of the physical world, different ways of communication among components, and requirements concerning safety, timeliness, stability, and performance. Developing tools for approaching design, analysis, and implementation of embedded systems in a principled manner is an active research area. This course will attempt to give students a coherent introduction to this emerging area. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL ISSUES IN ART", number:"null", id:"42790", path:"/courses/42790", description:"Perspectives on Critical Issues aims to engage students in an ongoing and informed study of both historical and contemporary issues in a spirit of curiosity and critique. We will investigate how these concepts can clarify and complicate our creative practice and our understanding of the contemporary art world. This seminar will explore the shifts in artistic production, theory and criticism and topics will range from traditional investigations of aesthetics, Modernism, Post-Modernism and contemporary themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN GREEK II", number:"null", id:"35857", path:"/courses/35857", description:"Continuation of Elementary Modern Greek I, with increased emphasis on reading and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NETWRKS & SEC", number:"null", id:"38318", path:"/courses/38318", description:"This course introduces principles and practices of computer and network security. We will cover basic concepts, threat models, and the security mindset; an introduction to cryptography and cryptographic protocols including encryption, authentication, message authentication codes, hash functions, public-key cryptography, and secure channels; an introduction to networks and network security including IP, TCP, routing, network protocols, web architecture, attacks, firewalls, and intrusion detection system an introduction to software security including defensive programming, memory protection, buffer overflows, and malware; and discuss broader issues and case studies such as privacy, security and the law, digital rights management, denial of service, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"37508", path:"/courses/37508", description:"This course is an introduction to the critical management skills involved in planning, structuring, controlling and leading an organization. It provides a framework for understanding issues involved in both managing and being managed, and it will help you to be a more effective contributor to organizations that you join. We develop a 'systems' view of organizations, which means that we examine organizations as part of a context, including but not limited to environment, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people and outputs. We consider how managerial decisions made in any one of these domains affect decisions in each of the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"39437", path:"/courses/39437", description:"Permission of Instructor Required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Between Fact and Fiction: Chronicle in LtAm from Span Conquest to 21st Cent", number:"null", id:"36554", path:"/courses/36554", description:"Topics vary. See the Romance Languages Department's website at http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CITY", number:"null", id:"36608", path:"/courses/36608", description:"Urbs/Hist 210 will focus on Baltimore and use The Wire as one of its core texts. The course will explore the history and development of the city and its institutions, with a thematic focus on issues such as industrialization and deindustrialization; urban renewal and the role of universities; public education and youth; policing and the criminal justice system; drugs and underground markets; public housing and suburbanization; and Baltimore's so- called renaissance amidst persistent poverty. The seminar will include field trips both in Philadelphia and a concluding all-day trip to Baltimore.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURES OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35288", path:"/courses/35288", description:"Science and technology figure centrally in the economic, political, and socio-cultural changes that impact our worlds. Happenings in the life sciences, including the discovery of new genes, pathways, and processes, are redrawing concepts of the body and human nature and refiguring social and political relations. The seminar starts from the premise that scientific facts are made, not things existing a priori in the world and that are merely picked up by researchers and consumed by lay audiences. Likewise, technologies are created through a process of intense negotiation between producers and their sophisticated users. Focusing on the biosciences, we explore the production of science and technology and how they 1)affect individuals, self-identities, subjectivity, kinship, and social relationships; 2)have interacted with or reinforced political programs, racial classifications, unequal access to knowledge, and patterns of social injustice; 3)inform contemporary institutional structures, strategies of governance, and practices of citizenship. We will combine methods and perspectives from social and cultural anthropology, and the social studies of science and technology, and will draw from historical case studies, contemporary ethnographies of science, scientific and medical journals,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"39075", path:"/courses/39075", description:"This course focuses on the development of knowledge and skills related to the use of psychopharmacologic agents to treat mental illness by the advanced practice nurse. Using a case study method to encourage the application of knowledge to clinical practice, the course addresses culturally diverse client populations, across the life span, who present with a range of symptom manifestations, at all levels of severity. The course emphasizes evidence-based practice, research-based clinical decision making and a wholistic approach to integrating the science and biology of the mind with social and behavioral interventions. The case base method allows students to focus on specific populations such as older adults, adults, adolescents, and children.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - THE NOVEL: NOVEL AND ROMANCE", number:"null", id:"35679", path:"/courses/35679", description:"This course explores an aspect of the novel intensively, asking how novels work and what they do to us and for us. Specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA STRUC & SOFTW DESGN", number:"null", id:"39751", path:"/courses/39751", description:"This course will focus on data structures, software design, and advanced Java. The course starts off with an introduction to data structures and basics of the analysis of algorithms. Important data structures covered will include arrays, lists, stacks, queues, trees, hash maps, and graphs. The course will also focus on software design and advanced Java topics such as software architectures, design patterns, networking, multithreading, and graphics. We will use Java for the entire course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"45168", path:"/courses/45168", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE URDU II", number:"null", id:"45035", path:"/courses/45035", description:"This continuing second-year course allows students to continue improving their Urdu proficiency while also gaining a broad foundational understanding of Urdu society and culture throughout South Asia. The course provides students the tools needed to handle a variety of authentic written and spoken Urdu sources including film, music, media reports, folk tales, and simple literature. Students will also continue to increase their speaking and writing proficiency to be able to discuss a broad range of concrete, real-world topics. The course is designed for students with one year of previous Urdu or Hindi study or the equivalent proficiency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced Nutrition: Molecular Basis of Nutrition Science", number:"null", id:"40437", path:"/courses/40437", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42509", path:"/courses/42509", description:"Chin 312 is a continuation of Chinese 311, training speaking, listening, reading and writing skills so to reach the advanced-low or advanced-mid level of proficiency. Major topics of the course include Chinese food culture, Chinese architecture, Confucianism in modern China, 'educated youth', democracy, and cross-Taiwan Strait relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN 20C AMER. LIT.: JAMES BALDWIN", number:"null", id:"41321", path:"/courses/41321", description:"This course covers topics in 20th-century literature, its emphasis varying with instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD BRITAIN, 1700-2015", number:"null", id:"42932", path:"/courses/42932", description:"In this course, we will investigate the extraordinary story of Britain's rise to global predominance and the question of its 'decline' in the twentieth century. Our readings and discussions will engage with dominant ideas, social processes, and popular beliefs; we will look at the structure of government and the texture of everyday lives. We will encounter Britons in all corners of the world even as we explore the complexities of metropolitan British history. Big ideas were born there: industrial captialism, political liberalism, and scientific racism. Britain's political system, with its early form of (limited) democracy, gave shape to party politics around the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI II: Intermediate Hindi Part II", number:"null", id:"44302", path:"/courses/44302", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44479", path:"/courses/44479", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO QUANTITATIVE METHODS FOR POLICY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"41212", path:"/courses/41212", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic mathematical tools and ideas that support quantitative policy analysis. By the end of the semester, students will be able to identify and explain measures of central tendency and variation for catergorical and continuous variables; describe the statistical relationship between two variables; conduct and explain 'foundational' statistical tests, including hypothesis testing and linear regression analysis; manipulate data sets and write simple statistical programs in Stata.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1000 YRS MUSICAL LISTENG", number:"null", id:"41793", path:"/courses/41793", description:"We know that we like music and that it moves us, yet it is often difficult to pinpoint exactly why, and harder still to explain what it is we are hearing. This course takes on those issues. It aims to introduce you to a variety of music, and a range of ways of thinking, talking and writing about music. The majority of music dealt with will be drawn from the so-called 'Classical' repertory, from the medieval period to the present day, including some of the 'greats' such as Handel, Beethoven, Mozart, Berlioz, and Verdi, but will also introduce you to music you will most likely never have encountered before. This course will explore the technical workings of music and the vocabularies for analyzing music and articulating a response to it; it also examines music as a cultural phenomenon, considering what music has meant for different people, from different societies across the ages and across geographical boundaries. As well as learning to listen ourselves, we will also engage with a history of listening. No prior musical knowledge is required. (Formerly Music 021). Fulfills College Cross Cultural Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GUNS & LOVE GONE BAD:: Guns and Love Gone Bad: A Public Health Perspective", number:"null", id:"41588", path:"/courses/41588", description:"This course will address two health concerns of long-standing controversy: the role of guns in population health and violence in relationships. We will adopt a healthy skepticism about the assumptions and ideologies that currently dominate formal and informal discourse about these topics. A life span perspective - guns from design through use, and abuse from childhood through late life - will be grounded in a public health injury prevention framework. As a function of this approach, we will examine key aspects of the social context in which guns and abuse exist and within which related policies are formulated. Students are encouraged to examine their perceptions about these issues so that they can become more effective members of a society that appears to maintain a deep ambivalence about guns and about violence in relationships.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"J W SCHOLAR SR RES SEM: Joseph Wharton Scholars Senior Research Seminar", number:"null", id:"40798", path:"/courses/40798", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL FIELDWORK FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE III", number:"null", id:"45252", path:"/courses/45252", description:"Integration of non-experimental quantitative research designs and methodologies, including common statistical techniques for analyzing resulting data. Statistical techniques examined include: factor analysis, multiple regression, canonical correlation, causal modeling, and logistic regression. Power analysis of statistical tests to estimate sample size discussed. Data analysis practice using computer software integrated throughout course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, THEORY", number:"null", id:"36284", path:"/courses/36284", description:"The antepartum course builds upon the well-woman health care course. The focus is management of prenatal care for the childbearing family. Conceptual threads of public policy and ethics are integrated within the content to help students to identify broader implications for prenatal care. Content includes theory and practice related to nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management of the normal pregnant woman, and nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management and strategies to reduce selected obstetric complications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"40009", path:"/courses/40009", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the instruments traded in modern financial markets, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, as well as, the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will balance functional and institutional perspectives by highlighting the problems capital markets participants are seeking to solve, as well as, the existing assets and markets which have arisen to accomplish these goals. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. The course is taught in lecture format, and illustrates key concepts by drawing on a collection of case studies and visits from industry experts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Francophone Literature and Film", number:"null", id:"42853", path:"/courses/42853", description:"French 233 is designed to give students a basic historical and theoretical groundwork in Francophone and postcolonial studies, and to help them develop their skills in literary and filmic analysis. It will provide an introductory survey of the richly diverse literature and film of the French-speaking world, from the 1950s through to the 21st century. Beginning with the gradual breakup of the French colonial empire, we will investigate the construction of individual and collective Francophone identities in such regions as the Caribbean, Africa, and the Maghreb, while exploring an equally wide range of literary and cinematic genres. Other histories and regions such as Quebec and Lebanon will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF EMBEDDED SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35515", path:"/courses/35515", description:"This course is focused on principles underlying design and analysis of computational elements that interact with the physical environment. Increasingly, such embedded computers are everywhere, from smart cameras to medical devices to automobiles. While the classical theory of computation focuses on the function that a program computes, to understand embedded computation, we need to focus on the reactive nature of the interaction of a component with its environment via inputs and outputs, the continuous dynamics of the physical world, different ways of communication among components, and requirements concerning safety, timeliness, stability, and performance. Developing tools for approaching design, analysis, and implementation of embedded systems in a principled manner is an active research area. This course will attempt to give students a coherent introduction to this emerging area. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FICTION", number:"null", id:"38450", path:"/courses/38450", description:"Some versions of this course survey the American novel from its beginnings to the present, focusing on the development of the form, while others concentrate on the development of American fiction in one or two periods. Readings may include novels by writers such as Brown, Cooper, Hawthorne, Melville, Wharton, Morrison, Twain, James, Adams, Chopin, Howells, Norris, Whitman, Dreiser, Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Faulkner, Dos Passos, Ellison, and Nabokov.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FROM LAB TO MKT PLACE", number:"null", id:"35352", path:"/courses/35352", description:"This course explores the transition from discovery of fundamental knowledge to its ultimate application in a clinical device or drug. Emphasis is placed upon factors that influence this transition and upon the integrative requirements across many fields necessary to achieve commercial success. Special emphasis is placed on entrepreneurial strategies, intellectual property, financing and the FDA process of proving safety and efficacy. Current public companies in the medical device and drug industry are studied in detail and critiqued against principles developed in class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS AND YOU", number:"null", id:"42237", path:"/courses/42237", description:"WH 101 is the first step of the Leadership Journey at Wharton. The course is designed to fuel students' unique interests in academic, research, and professional pursuits; to raise awareness of the complexity of business; and to increase understanding of the interrelatedness of business disciplines. Students will also acquire greater awareness of their strengths and leadership potential as members of the Wharton community and as future professionals. Students will come to appreciate that leadership is an act and best developed through study, feedback from trusted colleagues and peers, and stretch experiences that stimulate growth and development. Students will also begin to hone skills essential to the pursuit of personal, academic, and professional goals: thinking creatively, analyzing problems, applying what you have learned, and reflecting on learnings. A case-analysis project will engage students with the community through helping local agencies examine business challenges that they face.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT & MASS TRANSPORT", number:"null", id:"38242", path:"/courses/38242", description:"Steady-state heat conduction. The energy equation. Fourier's law. Unsteady-state conduction. Convective heat transfer. Radiation. Design of heat transfer equipment. Diffusion, fluxes, and component conservation equations. Convective mass transfer. Interphase mass transport coefficients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS CLASSICISM & LIT: POETRY/POLITICS ANC GRE", number:"null", id:"38492", path:"/courses/38492", description:"This advanced seminar will examine the classical backgrounds to English poetry, in particular the Biblical and Greco-Roman antecedents to Renaissance lyric verse and verse drama (such as, preeminently, Shakespeare). Different versions of this course will have different emphases on Biblical or Hellenist backgrounds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOLSTOY", number:"null", id:"44898", path:"/courses/44898", description:"Few authors have ever been able to combine their moral and artistic visions as closely as Tolstoy. Over the course of the semester, we will plot how Tolstoy's ethical concerns changed over the course of his life and how this was reflected in works, which include some of the greatest prose ever written. We will begin by surveying the majestic and far-reaching world of his novels and end with some of Tolstoy's short later works that correspond with the ascent of 'Tolstoyism' as virtually its own religion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SITUATING THE PRACTICE OF NURSING", number:"null", id:"43210", path:"/courses/43210", description:"This course emphasizes not only how nursing is practiced, but also where it is practiced. The course further explores the four core themes of engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice as it provides guided observational experiences in a wide variety of settings. These experiences help the student to discover what is not known and what is subsequently necessary to know. These experiences also explore the place of the natural and social sciences and the arts and humanities in nursing practice. This course also will highlight the relationships between and among members of the interprofessional team and families and patients. NURS 102 fosters development of the professional role and sets the stage for life-long learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCT FOR COMPLX FIN STRC", number:"null", id:"36671", path:"/courses/36671", description:"This class studies how complex financial structures account for their activities. Primary emphasis is on the application of purchase accounting for mergers and acquisitions, the equity method for investments, and preparing and interpreting consolidated financial statements. Other topics covered include translations and remeasurements for nondomestic investments, and earnings per share calculations for complex financial structures. Tax considerations and acquisition strategies are of only peripheral interest in this class, and students who are concerned primarily with those topics are advised to seek a different elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40606", path:"/courses/40606", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MACROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"37027", path:"/courses/37027", description:"Facts and theories about the determination of per capita income and its differences across countries and across time. The study of economic fluctuations in output and employment. The role of government in influencing these aggregate variables: monetary and fiscal policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS POETRY & POETICS: DEVOTION AND DESIRE", number:"null", id:"37084", path:"/courses/37084", description:"This course explores an aspect of poetry and poetics intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: POETRY", number:"null", id:"44401", path:"/courses/44401", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 203 or equivalent (such as placement score of 600). Continuous reading of several Latin authors in poetry (e.g., Ovid, Virgil, Horace) as well as some more complex prose, in combination with ongoing review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss language and interpretation. Note: Completion of Latin 204 with C- or higher fulfills Penn's Foreign Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY - INTER II", number:"null", id:"43671", path:"/courses/43671", description:"Continuation of AFST 492.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC MECH INFECT DISEAS", number:"null", id:"38228", path:"/courses/38228", description:"This course is designed for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students with a particular interest in infectious disease biology. Note that this course is not a comprehensive survey of the field and is not appropriate for students seeking a lecture course on disease. The primary objective of this course is to teach students considering a career in the biomedical sciences how to read, discuss, and question research papers effectively. Intensive classroom discussions focus on the experimental methods used, results obtained, interpretation of these results in the context of pathogen interactions with host cells and organisms, and implications for basic research and therapeutic development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO BIBLIOGRAPHY FROM GUTENBERG TO GOOGLE BOOKS", number:"null", id:"42718", path:"/courses/42718", description:"This course offers an introduction to the principles of descriptive and analytic bibliography and textual editing. The history of authorship, manuscript production, printing, publishing, and reading will be addressed as they inform an understanding of how a particular text came to be the way it is. Diverse theories of editing will be studied and put into practice with short passages. The course is generally suitable for students working in any historical period, but particular emphases specified in the current offerings on the English website. www.english.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUT LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"43080", path:"/courses/43080", description:"Many important problems in a wide range of disciplines within computer science and throughout science are solved using techniques from linear algebra. This course will introduce students to some of the most widely used algorithms and illustrate how they are actually used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SUPERBUG EPIDEMIC", number:"null", id:"42427", path:"/courses/42427", description:"The discovery of penicillin ushered in a new medical era - the antibiotic era - where patients no longer died from simple infections. We are now in a seemingly never-ending cycle of new antibiotics. However, the pipeline for antibiotics has slowed and we are rapidly entering the superbug era. We will use antibiotic resistance as a lens through which to understand the critical role that science plays in public health policy. At the end of the course, students should understand how these science-based public health decisions are made with the help of different stakeholders, which in this case include the government and healthcare system, basic and clinical scientists, the food industry and pharmaceutical companies, doctors and veterinarians, individuals and their communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR CIV FROM BEG TO 1789", number:"null", id:"37232", path:"/courses/37232", description:"An introduction to the social, political and historical institutions of France from the earliest times until the Revolution of 1789. Required for majors in French and also of particular interest to majors in history, international relations, Wharton students, etc. 

This course will be taught in French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"39360", path:"/courses/39360", description:"Further development of the material in STAT 111, in particular the analysis of variance, multiple regression, non-parametric procedures and the analysis of categorical data. Data analysis via statistical packages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"36835", path:"/courses/36835", description:"Mechanisms of evolution at the genetic and populational levels. Empirical and theoretical approaches to natural selection, population structure, gene flow, and quantitative genetics will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING A PROFESSIONAL ARCHAEOLOGIST", number:"null", id:"43716", path:"/courses/43716", description:"This course (cross-listed as AAMW556) is designed to prepare graduate students for a career in academic archaeology. Topics to be covered include project research design (including logistical planning), acquiring funding (proposal writing), managing grants (including budget planning and reconciliation), publishing, and preparing for entering the job market (writing cover letters and CVs). Students are also encouraged to suggest further topics of interest as the semester goes on. The final project will be the development of a NSF grant proposal, which will be presented and critiqued in stages throughout the semester, and which can serve as the basis for later submission. While much of the focus is on archaeology, students in other disciplines, especially those involving field research, will also benefit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CONDENSED MAT PHYS", number:"null", id:"39189", path:"/courses/39189", description:"An introduction to condensed matter physics designed primarily for advanced undergraduate and graduate students desiring a compact survey of the field. Band theory of solids, phonons, electrical magnetic and optical properties of matter, and superconductivity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYS, RES & TECH", number:"null", id:"39902", path:"/courses/39902", description:"The course will present a comprehensive overview of the global demand for energy, and the resource availability and technology used in its current and future supply. Through a personal energy audit, students will be made aware of the extensive role that energy plays in modern life, both directly, through electricity and transportation fuel, and indirectly in the manufacturing of goods they use. The course will cover how that energy is supplied, the anticipated global growth in energy demand, the resource availability and the role of science and technology in meeting that demand in a world concerned about climate change. The roles of conservation, improved efficiency and renewable energy in meeting future demand in a sustainable, environmentally benign way will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANO-SCALE MATERIALS LAB", number:"null", id:"38981", path:"/courses/38981", description:"The course provides an in-depth experimental introduction to key concepts in materials and the relationships between nanoscale structure, the properties and performance. The use of laboratory methods to examine the structure of materials, to measure the important properties, and to investigate the relationship between structure and properties is covered. Emphasis is placed on a complete exposure of Nano and Materials science as a field. Most experiments require multiple laboratory sessions, with priority given to experiments in which students explore the entire range of materials science, from the synthesis of materials and the characterization of structure, thermodynamics and composition, to the measurement of properties and discussion of applications. Students are able to realize working devices as an end product of the key laboratories in this course. Practice in oral and written communication is realized through course assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN BUSINESS HISTRY: Value Creation and Value Capture in American Business History", number:"null", id:"37529", path:"/courses/37529", description:"This course examines how the kind of firms in which most Wharton students will spend the next stage of their careers came to be as they are today. At a superficial level, the course's objectives are descriptive and narrative. Its deeper purpose is to give students some idea of how to think about the future evolution of firms and industries. The course will discuss the historical development of the business enterprise as an institution. It will also cover the evolution of competition and strategy and of corporate finance. The focus will be on American developments, since many of the innovations took place here, but there is scope for comparison with institutions in Japan and the leading European economies if there is student interest. The course considers issues arising in anumber of different management disciplines and shows off their interrelationships. In terms of the Wharton curriculum and of recent research, strategy issues,and in particular the set of issues concerning how value can be created and captured at the enterprise level, are a running theme. 

Format: There will be occasional lecturing but this is principally a discussioncourse. The readings are predominantly primary source documents, supplanted when helpful by background notes from the instructor, with occasional readings from secondary sources. Evaluation is based on class participation, weekly brief written responses to the readings, and a term paper, with the great bulk of thegrade weight on the last of these.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"38303", path:"/courses/38303", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION,EXERCISE,& FIT: ISSUES IN NUTRITION, EXERCISE AND FITNESS", number:"null", id:"41851", path:"/courses/41851", description:"An examination of the scientific basis for the relationship between nutrition, exercise and fitness. The principles of exercise science and their interaction with nutrition are explored in depth. The physiological and biochemical effects of training are examined in relation to sports performance and prevention of the chronic diseases prevalent in developed countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NORTH AMER COLONIAL HIST", number:"null", id:"38761", path:"/courses/38761", description:"A survey of the development of American colonial society, 1607-1750, with emphasis on the regional differences between life in early New England, the Mid-Atlantic, and the South, as well as the relationships between British colonists, Native Americans, and African Americans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TAIWANESE I", number:"null", id:"41105", path:"/courses/41105", description:"Beginning Taiwanese CHIN 051 is designed to help students learn enough daily use Taiwanese to enable students to handle the needs when one travels to Taiwan. At this beginning level, learners will learn to greet others, introduce yourself and handle basic social situations. You will also require the understanding of oral language typically heard in location such as grocery store, train station, and bus stop, restaurant and night market.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SITUATING THE PRACTICE OF NURSING", number:"null", id:"39031", path:"/courses/39031", description:"This course emphasizes not only how nursing is practiced, but also where it is practiced. The course further explores the four core themes of engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice as it provides guided observational experiences in a wide variety of settings. These experiences help the student to discover what is not known and what is subsequently necessary to know. These experiences also explore the place of the natural and social sciences and the arts and humanities in nursing practice. This course also will highlight the relationships between and among members of the interprofessional team and families and patients. NURS 102 fosters development of the professional role and sets the stage for life-long learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Bella civilia: Civil war in Caesar and Lucan", number:"null", id:"44402", path:"/courses/44402", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit. Assignments will include syntactic and literary analysis on a daily basis, a midterm, a paper, and a final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTER'S THESIS RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"36097", path:"/courses/36097", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"37678", path:"/courses/37678", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of children in a variety of ambulatory settings. Opportunity to implement the role of nurse practitioner with children and their families in the community occurs under the guidance of faculty and experienced preceptors. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Collaborative, interdisciplinary practice is emphasized as students assess and manage common problems in consultation with an appropriate provider of care. 20 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor is arranged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR RESEARCH SEMINAR: THE PLAYWRIGHT'S BIBLE", number:"null", id:"42697", path:"/courses/42697", description:"This course offers junior English majors the opportunity to design and undertake a semester-long research and writing project in an advanced seminar setting. Discussions will address debates within the field/period/topic of the course, research methods, and advanced writing and critical thinking issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36894", path:"/courses/36894", description:"This course will help students improve their language skills, and enlarge vocabulary through reading newspapers published in China in the target language. The students will learn formal and high-level vocabulary and enhance their grammatical accuracy. The class will be conducted in Chinese, and students will be encouraged to speak Chinese in class using the acquired vocabulary and grammatical patterns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED HUMAN ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY & PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT I", number:"null", id:"43213", path:"/courses/43213", description:"This is the first part of a two-semester course designed to provide a comprehensive study of the structure and function of the human body along with essential embryology and maturational physiology. Histological and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms that enable the human body to maintain homeostasis. Within each system, deviations from normal are considered to situate the student's understanding of health problems and to foster an appreciation for the complexity of the human organism. Integrated into each topic are the correlated physical assessment parameters and related procedural skills. Laboratories exercises and case study analysis provide a contextual base to acquire and use domain-specific knowledge of concern to the practice of nursing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE PEDAGOGY WRKSHP", number:"null", id:"39768", path:"/courses/39768", description:"The Workshop is intended to serve as a forum for first-time teachers of Latin or Greek. This will include discussing course-plans and pedagogical theories and strategies, collaborating on course materials, and addressing any concerns in the language courses presently being taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"44666", path:"/courses/44666", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS IV", number:"null", id:"44459", path:"/courses/44459", description:"Partial differential equations and their solutions, including solutions of the wave, heat and Laplace equations, and Sturm-Liouville problems. Introduction to Fourier series and Fourier transforms. Computation of solutions, modeling using PDE's, geometric intuition, and qualitative understanding of the evolution of systems according to the type of partial differential operator.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CONV/COMP II", number:"null", id:"39289", path:"/courses/39289", description:"Primary emphasis on speaking, writing, and listening. Development of advanced conversational skills needed to carry a discussion or to deliver a complex narrative. This course will be based on a wide variety of topics from everyday life to the discussion of political and cultural events. Russian culture and history surveyed briefly. Materials include Russian TV broadcast, newspapers, Internet, selected short stories by contemporary Russian writers. Offered each spring.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-GLOBAL MONETARY AND FINANCIAL STABILITY POLICY", number:"null", id:"41442", path:"/courses/41442", description:"This course aims to provide the future global manager and financial analyst with the knowledge on policies set by central banks, regulators and governments toreach the goals of price and financial stability as well as support of growth and employment. The core of the course connects between the formal and actual goals that central banks follow and the related economic analysis on which the goals and the policies are set. We will explain the economic rationale for the policy prescriptions to reach the goals and how these are implemented using institutional framework in the US, the European Central Bank (ECB), Israel and remarks on other countries. We use data, current events and events of the 2007-2013 financial crisis as a basis for discussion and assignments. All these are aimed at understanding how and why the Federal Reserve of the US (the Fed), The bank of Israel (BOI) and the European Central Bank (ECB) set their policies and how that is related to academic research on these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN 19TH CENT ART: IMAGE AND PLACE IN PHILA", number:"null", id:"35331", path:"/courses/35331", description:"Topic Varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CREATIVE WRITING:  ANIMAL TALES", number:"null", id:"42654", path:"/courses/42654", description:"A course designed to introduce students to many of the elements of creative writing, including fiction, poetry, journalism, creative nonfiction, and memoir. Students can expect to read from a variety of assigned texts, respond to regular writing prompts, and workshop their own creative work in a collaborative setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROUP DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"44505", path:"/courses/44505", description:"Open to all sophomores, juniors, and seniors. This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve team effectiveness. This course makes use of analytic and reflective writing, peer feedback and coaching, simulations, and an intensive field project with a real team in the Philadelphia area. There are four kinds of teams that are the focus of your study: teams of which you've been a member in the past; your 240 Team, with three or four other classmates; a team outside of 240 that your 240 Team will observe, analyze, and report on -- your Host Team; and a team you expect to be on in the future. The primary case material for applying course concepts (learned from readings and lectures) will be these teams you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene -- as leader, member, or consultant -- to improve the performance sustainability, and impact on the members of any team. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARLY MOD EUR 1450-1750", number:"null", id:"42930", path:"/courses/42930", description:"This course examines those European developments which contributed to the world we understand as modern. Special emphasis will be placed on the transformation of Europe through the advent of new technologies, the creation of a global economy, the consolidation of territorial states, the rise of effective, central governments, the dissolution of religious unity, and the dialect between modern and traditional world views.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARTH SURFACE PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"38666", path:"/courses/38666", description:"Patterns on the Earth's surface arise due to the transport of sediment by water and wind, with energy that is supplied by climate and tectonic deformation of the solid Earth. This course presents a treatment of the processes of erosion and deposition that shape landscapes. Emphasis will be placed on using simple physical principles as a tool for (a) understanding landscape patterns including drainage networks, river channels and deltas, desert dunes, and submarine channels, (b) reconstructing past environmental conditions using the sedimentary record, and (c) the management of rivers and landscapes under present and future climate scenarios. The course will conclude with a critical assessment of landscape evolution on other planets, including Mars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTRONIC MUSIC", number:"null", id:"39007", path:"/courses/39007", description:"MUSC275 offers an introduction to electronic music/sound production with a focus on analogue systems and performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO INTERNATIONAL REL", number:"null", id:"45281", path:"/courses/45281", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS.:EM,OPTICS,MODP", number:"null", id:"39173", path:"/courses/39173", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, relativity theory, optics, and the quantum theory of matter, requiring a background in calculus. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POLIT THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"39213", path:"/courses/39213", description:"Whether America begins with the Puritans and the Mayflower Compact, or with the Declaration of Independence and the Revolution, it is founded in resistance to empire. In the generations between, Americans have desired, dreaded and debated empire. This course will focus on empire and imperialism in American political thought. We will read primary texts addressing empire: from the departure and dissent of the Puritans, and Burke's Speech on Conciliation with the Colonies, to twentieth and twenty-first century debates over America's role in the world. These texts will include political pamphlets and speeches, poetry, novels, policy papers and film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"41433", path:"/courses/41433", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, perfermance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJOR SEM EUR POST-1800: CLASSICAL ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"40129", path:"/courses/40129", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PSYCHOPHARMACOL", number:"null", id:"38208", path:"/courses/38208", description:"This course examines the history, rationale and putative mechanism of action of drugs used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Emphasis is placed on neurobiological processes underlying psychopathology and pharmacological intervention. Drugs currently in use as well as new drugs in development will be covered. Strategies, techniques, issues and challenges of clinical psychopharmacological research will be addressed and new approaches to drug discovery, including the use of pharmacogenomics and proteomics to understand variability in drug response and identify new molecular drug targets, will be covered in depth. Specific drug classes to be considered include antidepressants, anxiolytics, typical and atypical antipsychotics, narcotic analgesics, sedative hypnotics, and antiepileptic medications. A contrasting theme throughout the course will be the use of drugs as probes to identify neural substrates of behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"35437", path:"/courses/35437", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"44964", path:"/courses/44964", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS OF HEALTH CARE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"44637", path:"/courses/44637", description:"The theoretical foundations of health care ethics including definitions of ethics, history of bioethics and nursing ethics, and the influence of religion,psychology of moral development and philosophy in the development of ethical theory. Nursing code of ethics, changing ideas in ethics, and discussion of the developing profession of nursing are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL SECURITY", number:"null", id:"39209", path:"/courses/39209", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the subfield of international security or strategic studies. In order to grasp the usefulness of the theoretical ideas presented in readings and lectures, abstract concepts are linked with a study of the national security policies states have adopted in the decades following World War II. Topics include current debates about nuclear proliferation, terrorism, the Iraq war, Europe's changing international role, the rise of China, Asian 'flashpoints' (Korea, the Taiwan Strait), and US secruity policy for the 21st century - considering some of the main strategic alternatives to the US as well as their implications for the types of forces deployed (the impact of the 'revolution in military affairs,' the future of missile defense, and the economic burden to be shouldered).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOENG II", number:"null", id:"35342", path:"/courses/35342", description:"Introduction to Bioengineering II. Continuation of the freshman introductory bioengineering course. This course introduces students to the design process and emphasizes its role in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN HIST: AFRICA IS NOT A COUNTRY", number:"null", id:"40813", path:"/courses/40813", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of History, the study of past events and past human affairs. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"38618", path:"/courses/38618", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis, and real options. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"35435", path:"/courses/35435", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM PHYS OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"41777", path:"/courses/41777", description:"This course develops the background in basic physics required to understand the behavior of electrons in atoms, molecules and solids. Beginning with experiments and ideas that led to the foundation and postulates of Quantum Mechanics, the behavior of an electron in simple potential wells is treated. The electron in a harmonic oscillator well and the Coulomb potential of a hydrogen atom are treated next. Pauli's exclusion principle and generalization to multi-particle systems are introduced. The Fermi energy, density of states and free electron band structure will be introduced. Many state-of-the-art materials analysis techniques will also be demonstrated throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLN SCHOLARS NURS DISCIP: CLINICAL SCHOLARS IN THE DISCIPLINE OF NURSING:", number:"null", id:"41913", path:"/courses/41913", description:"This 2-semester course is designed to enhance the understanding of the practice of nursing as an intellectual discipline for doctoral students who have limited clinical practice experience prior to pursuing the PhD. It consists of individualized clinical experiences that are integrally related to the student's area of research interest and which are facilitated by clinician guides in a variety of settings. Students actively participate in seminars that focus on examining the health needs of individuals and vulnerable patients, the praxis of nursing and its place within the complex health care delivery system, health policy and society at large. Research informing practice and practice informing research are highlighted using the clinical practice experiences as case exemplars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ASTROPHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"43755", path:"/courses/43755", description:"A basic course for majors in physical sciences and engineering; require for the astrophysics concentration. The course covers fundamental knowledge of Einstein's gravity, the contents of the universe, and the structure and distribution of galaxies. Emphasis is on the key elements of modern cosmology: the mathematical model of the expanding universe, the cosmic microwave background, the early universe and the emergence of large-scale structure in the present universe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE ENTREPRENEUR", number:"null", id:"44872", path:"/courses/44872", description:"What makes a successful entrepreneur in the real estate industry? This half semester mini-course exposes undergraduates and MBA students to the broad entrepreneurial aspects of creating and executing real estate investments. The course consists of lectures by the professor, case discussions and guest lectures by leading entrepreneurs. Lectures and discussions will emphasize real estate entrepreneurship, leadership and challenges often encountered in creating successful real estate investments rather than development processes. Cases will be used to illustrate investment decision-making and financial evaluations. Short written responses to questions raised in each case will be assigned. Class members are expected to engage the speakers with questions and discussion as well as explain their views on cases. Class participation and writings will each represent 50% of the grade.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANT PHYSIOLOGY THROUGH SPACE AND TIME", number:"null", id:"38233", path:"/courses/38233", description:"This course is a lab/lecture/seminar hybrid that will meet once per week for three hours. Each session will consist of mini-lecture/lab, paper discussions/lab, or solely lab efforts. We will examine various aspects of photosynthesis, water relations and nutrient acquisition in the context of the evolutionary progression of higher plants. With each subject, we will consider, measure, and in some cases model whole-plant physiology while examining sub-cellular-level controls and ecosystem-to-global-level consequences. This course is designed to give molecular biologists through earth-system scientists the tools to measure and understand whole-plant physiological responses to molecular manipulation and environmental variability. All students will learn to appreciate the context of their work on both micro and macro scales.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35808", path:"/courses/35808", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. We will address different phases of a comany's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 883 is a half semester course offered in Q3 of the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGIN BUSINESS CHINESE", number:"null", id:"38283", path:"/courses/38283", description:"The course is designed for students and working professionals who have no prior exposure to Chinese, and are interested in conducting business in China. The objective of this course is to build a solid foundation of basic Chinese in the business context, with a main focus on speaking and listening. Upon Completion students are expected to be able to converse and interact with people in a variety of business settings. Topics in the course units include meeting people, talking about family, introducing companies, making inquiries and appointments, visiting company, introducing products, initiating dining invitations and practicing dining etiquette.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"44421", path:"/courses/44421", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal, ethical and cultural challenges they will face as business leaders. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"40877", path:"/courses/40877", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READINGS IN RACE & SCIEN: Readings in Race and Science", number:"null", id:"41593", path:"/courses/41593", description:"What accounts for the persistence and resilience of racial conceptions in science? In this course we will look for answers to this and other questions by examining the historiography of race, colonialism, and science. The standard historiography has focused on the rise and fall of racial typologies in the north Atlantic and their contributions to troublesome political projects such as the Atlantic slave trade, Jim Crow policies, the eugenics movement, and the Holocaust. More recent histories have taken inspiration from postcolonial studies, standpoint theories, and indigenous studies to insist on a more global reckoning of race and science. If we focus on the southern hemisphere, for instance, we can see scientific racial conceptions enrolled for a different though not necessarily less innocent set of projects: the dispossession of indigenous lands and effacement of indigenous peoples, the glorification of race-mixing as a tool of nation building, and the cultivation of whiteness as a means to modernity. By examining classic and recent approaches to race and science we will grapple with the following questions: Is 'race' a product of 18th century French and English science? Or can we find earlier iterations in the idioms of conquest of Spanish America during the early modern period?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"45014", path:"/courses/45014", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. Student assignments will focus on constructing a neighborhood case study of a community experiencing rapid neighborhood change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPTIMIZATION OF SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35708", path:"/courses/35708", description:"Model Building and Linear Programming: Graphical Methods and The Simplex Method, the LINDO and LINGO Computer Packages, Degeneracies, Minimization and the BigM and the Two-Phase Methods, and Goal Programming. Sensitivity Analysis: Geometric and Algebraic Approaches, The Computer and Sensitivity Analysis, The Dual of An LP Problem, The Dual Theorem, Shadow Prices, Complementary Slackness, The Dual Simplex Method, and The Revised Simplex Method. Integer Programming: The Branch and Bound Method, Enumeration Methods, and the Cutting Plane Method. Nonlinear Programming: Review of Differential Calculus, Convex and Concave Functions, Solving NLP Problems with One Variable, Uncontraint Nonlinear Optimization with Several Variables, Lagrange Multipliers and Constraint Nonlinear Optimization with Several Variables, The Kuhn-Tucker Conditions and Quadratic Programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC MODEL & SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"38248", path:"/courses/38248", description:"Students will explore current topics in thermodynamics through molecular simulations and molecular modeling. The requisite statistical mechanics will be conveyed as well as the essential simulation techniques (molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo, etc.). Various approaches for calculating experimentally measurable properties will be presented and used in student projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"40288", path:"/courses/40288", description:"Quantitative introduction to the broad area of energy engineering, from basic principles to applications. The focus is on the science and engineering of power generation. The course includes a review of energy resources and consumption, power cycles, combined cycles, and co-generation, nuclear energy and wastes, solar thermal and photovoltaic energy, and wind power. Additional energy conversion topics including energy storage and geothermal, thermoelectric, hydroelectric and biomass power will be briefly discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FICTION WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"44055", path:"/courses/44055", description:"This course emphasizes the study and practice of basic techniques of short fiction, with assignments divided between readings and discussion of student-written material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ATOMS/BITS/CIRC & SYS", number:"null", id:"39922", path:"/courses/39922", description:"Introduction to the principles underlying electrical and systems engineering. Concepts used in designing circuits, processing signals on analog and digital devices, implementing computatin on embedded systems, analyzing communication networks, and understanding complex systems will be discussed in lectures and illustrated in the laboratory. This course provides an overview of the challenges and tools that Electrical Engineers and Systems Engineers address and some of the necessary foundations for students interested in more advanced courses in ESE.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY FRANCE", number:"null", id:"41460", path:"/courses/41460", description:"In this course we will be exploring the transformations of French society since the Second World War and into the Millennium. From the legacy of decolonization to the multicultural fervor of the 1998 Soccer World Cup, from the May 1968 civil protests to the Republican marches of 2015, we'll be delving into the major historical and cultural movements that have marked the contemporary period. How did France recover from German occupation and cope with further wars in its colonial territories? How did unprecedented rates of urbanization and immigration change the face of the country over the ensuing decades? Who have been the major players on the historical stage? And what are the political, cultural, and socioeconomic challenges facing France at the outset of the 21st century? These are some of the questions that will guide our investigation into the past 70 years of French history, a period as turbulent as it is rich in cultural production, and as complex as it is fascinating.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN BUSINESS WORLD: A Macro Perspective", number:"null", id:"41506", path:"/courses/41506", description:"This course offers you insights into the dynamics of Business German, while taking a macro approach. Examples of various course topics include: economic geography and its diversity, the changing role of the Eruopean Union, and the economic importance of national transportation and tourism. In addition, the course emphasizes the development of students' discourse competencies, Business German vocabulary and grammar. Course assignments include oral presentations on current events, class discussions, role-play, and collaborative group work. Class time will be utilized to practice speaking, answering questions, reviewing exercises and holding group discussions on various topics. Class participation is a key component of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Class Cultures & Historical Change", number:"null", id:"36529", path:"/courses/36529", description:"Culture as lifestyle, therefore as the immediately visible aspect of social class, as well as the status groups that may cut across class. Examines micro-sociological evidence (including photos and other images; and literary and other textual sources) of how class and status are performed in everyday life. Goffmanian and subsequent theory of interaction rituals applied across long-term historical changes, and their causes. Topics include Norbert Elias's theory of civilizing process; stratification in patrimonial/aristocratic societies; the modern shift to bureaucracy plus private households; the effects of democratization, social movements, wars, revolutions, and status leveling; informalization and antinomian counter-cultures; youth cultures and cults of mass entertainment. Concluding with what electronic communications are doing to the future of class cultures and self-presentation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLEOPATRA", number:"null", id:"36701", path:"/courses/36701", description:"Cleopatra VII (70/69 30 BCE) is one of the most famous women in world history She has been remembered, admired, and reproached as a power-hungry Hellenistic queen, as the last pharaoh of Egypt, as a self-confident female ruler, and as the vicious seductress of Julius Caesar and Mark Antony. Her supposedly extravagant lifestyle, her political schemes, but also her integrity in choosing suicide over submission have inspired poets, artists, and historians from her own time to our modern world. In this seminar, we will take a closer look at some of the common perceptions and stereotypes that have shaped the image of Cleopatra for more than 2000 years. The main focus, however, will be on the historical queen, her biography, and the political and cultural contexts of her life. We will use ancient literary texts, papyri, inscriptions, coins, and archaeological evidence to analyze Cleopatras rise to power, how she presented herself to her subjects and how she was perceived by others, as well as her role in the tumultuous events that led to the end of the Hellenistic period and the rise of imperial Rome under the rule of Augustus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"39720", path:"/courses/39720", description:"How do you optimally encode a text file? How do you find shortest paths in a map? How do you design a communication network? How do you route data in a network? What are the limits of efficient computation? This course gives a comprehensive introduction to design and analysis of algorithms, and answers along the way to these and many other interesting computational questions. You will learn about problem-solving; advanced data structures such as universal hashing and red-black trees; advanced design and analysis techniques such as dynamic programming and amortized analysis; graph algorithms such as minimum spanning trees and network flows; NP-completeness theory; and approximation algorithms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR SPANISH SPEAKER", number:"null", id:"39197", path:"/courses/39197", description:"Portuguese 114 is designed for students who have studied Spanish. The course begins with exposure to basic vocabulary and structures, advancing at an accelerated pace. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary. Students will participate in pairs, small-groups and whole-class activities that focus on the meaningful and accurate exchange of information. The class will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Nonprofit Financial Management", number:"null", id:"38659", path:"/courses/38659", description:"The course is designed to provide the student with an understanding of the primary financial management issues and decisions that confront senior management in nonprofits and government. Students will examine financial analysis techniques from both a practical and strategic perspective as they examine operating and capital decisions. The objective of the course is to allow the student to understand how managers integrate the various discrete financial decisions within a broader framework that allows them to analyze, develop and execute a coherent overall financial strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AGE OF CHAUCER: MEDIEVAL POETRY AND MODERN PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"41270", path:"/courses/41270", description:"In this class we come to speak as people spoke in England some six centuries ago: in medieval or 'Middle' English. We do this by reading the poetry of Geoffrey Chaucer, a great poet who has influenced everyone from William Shakespeare to Sylvia Plath. Since Middle English takes some getting use to, class assignments are not heavy: usually about 800 lines per class. A typical class might begin by looking at a few of the easier passages in the Canterbury Tales, proceed to reading the greatest poem of love in the English language (Chaucer's Troilus And Criseyde), before moving on to other contemporary writers in medieval culture. We will likely compare representations of medieval Christianty, Judaism, and Islam, as well as aspects of film adaptation by Italian filmmaker Pasolini (and perhaps by Chaucer scholar Terry Jones). We will consider what it might have been like to live secure in an age of faith; yet to live insecure, as a dizzying new profusion of trades and occupations sprang up in unprecedented 'divisions of labor.' We will imagine being a medieval woman, and may visit and handle medieval manuscripts. Above all, we will enjoy the poetry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WELL WOMEN HEALTH CARE, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"41905", path:"/courses/41905", description:"This clinical course further prepares students in understanding and developing the Women's Health Care Nurse Practitioner and Nurse-Midwifery roles. This clinical course focuses on the management and evaluation of physical, emotional, socio-cultural and educational needs of gynecologic primary health care needs of women from adolescence through post-menopausal years. Emphasis is placed on promoting and maintaining wellness, clinical decision making, systematic health interview, physical assessment, interpretation of laboratory findings, and diagnosis and treatment of gynecological problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36876", path:"/courses/36876", description:"Structure, dynamics, and function of biological macromolecules. Properties of macromolecular assemblies, membranes and their compartments. (Formerly, CHEM 450-I).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL CORP FINAN", number:"null", id:"44187", path:"/courses/44187", description:"Analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics include managing exchange risk through hedging and financing, measuring exchange rate exposure, calculating the cost of capital for foreign operations, assessment of sovereign risks, capital budgeting from a project and parent perspective, and international taxation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"38426", path:"/courses/38426", description:"Theories of various industrial organizational structures and problems are developed, including monopoly, oligopoly, nonlinear pricing and price discrimination. These theories are used to model various industries, antitrust cases, and regulatory issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN ADV APPL OF STAT: Advance Research Topics", number:"null", id:"36571", path:"/courses/36571", description:"This seminar will be taken by doctoral candidates after the completion of most of their coursework. Topics vary from year to year and are chosen from advance probability, statistical inference, robust methods, and decision theory with principal emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST: CLINICAL I (280 CLINICAL HOURS)", number:"null", id:"39100", path:"/courses/39100", description:"This clinical course provides students the opportunity to apply CNS theory to practice and enables students to develop strategies to overcome barriers to safe, quality healthcare delivery. Students acquire knowledge and skills characteristic of CNS practice particularly as it relates to clinical judgment, facilitation of learning, advocacy and moral agency, caring practice and response to diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT HLTH CRE FOR ELDRLY", number:"null", id:"40096", path:"/courses/40096", description:"This mini course is designed to provide students with an appreciation of the good, the bad and the ugly of how our current health care system cares for one of our nation's most precious resources - our seniors! This course will review care provided to seniors within a variety of institutional settings (hospitals, nursing facilities, various senior housing levels) as well as outpatient and home care services. Special attention will be paid to nursing homes and senior housing options and their past, present and future role within the overall health care system in the United States. The course will start with an overview of the senior population with special attention to their health and social needs. Several classes will be held off campus at selected nursing facilities and senior housing complexes. In addition, a broad range of special programs and services will be reviewed such as sub-acute care, long term care insurance, Medicare Risk Programs, elderly housing, adult day care, managed care, Medicare Part D, case management, hospice and other recent developments. Throughout the course, emphasis will be placed on entrepreneurial opportunities to serve the senior market at all levels.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO OPS & INFO MGMT", number:"null", id:"37711", path:"/courses/37711", description:"OPIM 101 explores a variety of common quantitative modeling problems that arise frequently in business settings, and discusses how they can be formally modeled and solved with a combination of business insight and computer-based tools. The key topics covered include capacity management, service operations, inventory control, structured decision making, constrained optimization and simulation. This course teaches how to model complex business situations and how to master tools to improve business performance. The goal is to provide a set of foundational skills useful for future coursework atWharton as well as providing an overview of problems and techniques that characterize disciplines that comprise Operations and Information Management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION & COLONIAL RULE IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"40133", path:"/courses/40133", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"38681", path:"/courses/38681", description:"The German House is a half-credit course with concentrations in German conversation, film, and culture. Though many students enroll for credit, others often come to select events. All interested parties are invited, and you do not have to actually live in the house to enroll for credit. Students from all different levels of language proficiency are welcome. Beginners learn from more advanced students, and all enjoy a relaxed environment for maintaining or improving their German language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOSOCIAL CRIMINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36987", path:"/courses/36987", description:"Is there a 'natural-born killer'? Why don't psychopaths have a conscience? And is it morally wrong for us to punish those who are biologically-wired for a life of crime? This interdisciplinary biosocial course argues that answers to these inscrutable questions can be found in the fledging field of 'neurocriminology'. This new sub-discipline brings together the social, clinical, and neurosciences to help us better understand, predict, and prevent future crime. We will explore the biosocial bases to crime and violence, analyze controversial neuroethical, legal and philosophical issues surrounding neurocriminology, and take a field trip to prison. This interdisciplinary course presents perspectives from the fields of psychology, neuroscience, criminology, sociology, law, business, public health, psychiatry, anthropology, neuroimaging, neuroendocrinology, forensics, nutrition, and pediatrics. It is suitable for those without a background in biology or criminology. It is particularly relevant for majors in Criminology, Psychology, Nursing, and Biological Basis of Behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHP III", number:"null", id:"41804", path:"/courses/41804", description:"Continuation of techniques established in Theory and Musicianship I and II. Concepts will be developed through analysis and model composition. Musicianship component will include advanced sight singing, clef reading, harmonic dictation and keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35787", path:"/courses/35787", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MNGING GLOB & ANTI-GLOB: Managing Globalization & Anti-Globalization", number:"null", id:"44500", path:"/courses/44500", description:"Globalization and International Political Economy is an upper level undergraduate course designed to provide the background necessary to understand globalization and the changes taking place in the international political-economy. The course objective is to help students develop a conceptual framework that will provide an understanding of the current international political-economic environment, provide a basis for thinking about the fundamental changes which are now taking place, and to build a solid foundation to which new material can be added throughout the students' careers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I", number:"null", id:"37767", path:"/courses/37767", description:"This calculus-based course is recommended for science majors and engineering students. Classical laws of motion; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 150 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE/PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"40190", path:"/courses/40190", description:"An intermediate level course of Japanese language focusing on workplace-related topics. Intended for students who will use Japanese in the professions. Textbook: Powering Up Your Japanese Through Case Studies: Intermediate and Advanced Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ETRUSCANS", number:"null", id:"36957", path:"/courses/36957", description:"The Etruscans, who spoke a language unlike any others known, were cast by their Greek and Roman rivals as outsiders and enemies: pirates, lovers of luxury, loose women. Today we must rely on the archaeological evidence of painted tombs, decorated Tuscan temples and massive engineering works to correct the picture. The course will survey a millennium (1st millennium BCE) of Etruscan culture through archaeological sites, shipwrecks and trading posts, works of art and everyday material culture, including the landscape and built environment, technology, seafaring and war, womens world, and the unique religion for which Etruria was famous, ending with a surprising array of examples of Etruscan heritage embraced by society from the time of Augustus to the present day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO DEVELOPMENTAL PSYC", number:"null", id:"40608", path:"/courses/40608", description:"The goal of this course is to introduce both Psychology majors and non-majors majors to the field of Developmental Psychology. Developmental Psychology is a diverse field that studies the changes that occur with age and experience and how we can explain these changes. The field encompasses changes in physicalgrowth, perceptual systems, cognitive systems, social interactions and and much more. We will study the development of perception, cognition, language,academic achievement, emotion regulation, personality, moral reasoning,and attachment. We will review theories of development and ask how these theories explain experimental findings. While the focus is on human development, when relevant, research with animals will be used as a basis for comparison.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"36068", path:"/courses/36068", description:"Syllabus for MATH 370-371: an introduction to the basic concepts of modern algebra. Linear algebra, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices, groups, rings and fields. MATH 502-503 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"38596", path:"/courses/38596", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the framework and evolution of U.S. capital markets, the instruments that are traded, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, and the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will highlight the problems that capital market participants are seeking to solve, which you can use in your post-Wharton careers to evaluate future market innovations. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. We will draw from events in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis, which illustrate financing innovations and associated risks, as well as policy responses that can change the nature of these markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TAMIL I", number:"null", id:"40751", path:"/courses/40751", description:"This course develops the skills obtained either from the Beginning Tamil course or from students' prior exposure to Tamil. The emphasis will be on using the language in actual environments both in spoken medium and in written medium. Multimedia materials such as audio and video facilities will be used extensively to provide students an exposure to the Tamil culture and customs. Besides improving their speech and writing, students will also be introduced gradually to Tamil literature, which has two thousand years of literary history. The learning process in this course will be facilitated by appropriate software equipped with multimedia facilities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRCTRE AT THE NANOSCALE", number:"null", id:"37573", path:"/courses/37573", description:"Basic principles of material structure and organization from nano to macro sizes. This course will cover the fundamentals of materials structure including the crystalline, liquid crystalline and glassy states as well as 1-D, 2-D and 3-D structure and defects. Examples will be used from the different classes of materials - metallic, semiconductor, inorganic, polymeric - with particular emphasis on important components of structure on the nanoscale including particles, surfaces, interfaces and defects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL LAW", number:"null", id:"40592", path:"/courses/40592", description:"This course intends to familiarize the student with the concept of 'law', its use as a constitutive and regulative force in the international arena, and the expanding scope of international law through the inclusion of transnational law and human rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"38950", path:"/courses/38950", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC PHOT ELECTR DEV", number:"null", id:"41348", path:"/courses/41348", description:"This first course in electronic, photonic and electromechanical devices introduces students to the design, physics and operation of physical devices found in today's applications. The course describes semiconductor electronic and optoelectronic devices, including light-emitting diodes, photodetectors, photovoltaics, transistors and memory; optical and electromagnetic devices, such as waveguides, fibers, transmission lines, antennas, gratings, and imaging devices; and electromechanical actuators, sensors, transducers, machines and systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"39711", path:"/courses/39711", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMERS,FIRMS & MARKET", number:"null", id:"42407", path:"/courses/42407", description:"Nearly four-fifths of the world's population lives in low income or developing countries. Though currently far behind the U.S., the 15 fastest growing economies/markets in the world are all developing countries. And developing countries already account for 6 of the world's 15 largest economies. This course will examine economic life, including consumers, firms and markets, in low income countries. We will apply both economic theory and empirical analysis for analyzing the roles of both business and government in consumption, production and market equilibria.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALY FOR REVENUE MGMT", number:"null", id:"44732", path:"/courses/44732", description:"This course introduces you to the essential concepts and techniques required tounderstand and implement revenue management (RM). The need for repeated, rapid and cycles of estimation and optimization has driven the development of a set of analytical tools that are particularly well suited for RM. This course focuses on those tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONEY AND BANKING", number:"null", id:"39841", path:"/courses/39841", description:"Money and Banking. This course studies the role that financial markets, institutions, and money play in resource allocation. Financial intermediation and the role of banks in the economic system are analyzed and the economic rationale behind banking regulation is studies. The course examines how monetary policy influences interest rates and asset markets, such as the bond market and the stock market. Finally, the instruments and goals of monetary policy are discussed, focusing in particular on credibility and commitment for central banks. All of the questions are explored analytically, using the tools of economic theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VERTEBRATE PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35396", path:"/courses/35396", description:"The course will focus on integrative aspects of physiological function of vertebrates. Comparative, environmental and quantitative approaches will be used. Major topics include muscle, the cardiovascular system, respiration, renal function and the nervous system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION INTERNSHIP", number:"null", id:"35561", path:"/courses/35561", description:"Seminar for students concurrently participating in department-approved internships in communication-related organizations. Students will develop independent research agendas to investigate aspects of their internship experience or industry. Building on written field notes, assigned readings, and classroom discussion and evaluation, students will produce final papers using ethnographic methods to describe communications within their site or industry in order to understand and critically examine their hands-on experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUALITY AND PRODUCTIVITY", number:"null", id:"40863", path:"/courses/40863", description:"Matching supply with demand is an enormous challenge for firms: excess supply is too costly, inadequate supply irritates customers. In the course, we will explore how firms can better organize their operations so that they more effectively align their supply with the demand for their products and services. Throughout the course, we illustrate mathematical analysis applied to real operational challenges--we seek rigor and relevance. Our aim is to provide both tactical knowledge and high-level insights needed by general managers and management consultants. We will demonstrate that companies can use (and have used) the principles from this course to significantly enhance their competitiveness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASTRONOMICAL TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"38159", path:"/courses/38159", description:"Topics: spherical astronomy, timekeeping/coordinate systems, astrostatistics, telescopes, CCD's, signal processing, imaging, and data reduction using scientific software, brief introduction to radio astronomy. Three daytime lectures each week plus evening labs in smaller groups. Attendance at one lab session per week is required by each student. Actual observing times may not correspond to the scheduled block due to the uncertainty and unpredictability of weather conditions. Requires substantial out-of-class time dedication and commitment to sharing work in small groups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIDEAST THRU MANY LENSES", number:"null", id:"40392", path:"/courses/40392", description:"This freshman seminar introduces the contemporary Middle East by drawing upon cutting-edge studies written from a variety of disciplinary perspectives. These include history, political science, and anthropology, as well as studies of mass media, sexuality, religion, urban life, and the environment. We will spend the first few weeks of the semester surveying major trends in modern Middle Eastern history. We will spend subsequent weeks intensively discussing assigned readings along with documentary films that we will watch in class. The semester will leave students with both a foundation in Middle Eastern studies and a sense of current directions in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING THE CLASSICS", number:"null", id:"40114", path:"/courses/40114", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIV SEC ROLE GLOB HLTH", number:"null", id:"42915", path:"/courses/42915", description:"Issues surrounding global health have captivated the attention of the public sector and foundations for many decades. Many of their initiatives are realizing progress on the health-related Millennium Development Goals. The private sector has been less engaged in global health, but has a significant role to play in providing resources and in building infrastructure, human resource capacity and sustainability. This course explores entrepreneurial and other private sector solutions for health services and access to medicines and technologies in the developing world and other underserved areas. The course also encompasses study of creative programs to engage the private sector in development of vaccines and medicines for tropical and neglected diseases. Furthermore, the course addresses novel care systems and therapeutic strategies for the rapidly growing burden of chronic, non-communicable diseases in the developing world. In short, the course builds on the content of conventional global health courses from a managerial and entrepreneurial perspective. Learning is driven through readings, class discussion and a series of guest speakers representing a wide range of global health issues. Evaluation is largely based on a student group project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRUTH & CONCEALMENT: Science and Objectivity", number:"null", id:"39169", path:"/courses/39169", description:"This course is an exploration of traditional philosophical questions concerning objectivity in science. We will start by addressing central questions in feminist philosophy of science, such as what is objective reality and what is objective knowledge? Next, we will explore whether science discovers objective real entities or relations, which is a central topic in the scientific realism debate. We will also explore whether scientific knowledge is objective. We will read mostly 20th and 21st century philosophers of science, such as Goodman, Kuhn, Psillos, and Longino. We will also apply what we learn to at least one case study. UNDERGRADUATES NEED PERMISSION", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Research Writing", number:"null", id:"36659", path:"/courses/36659", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"41747", path:"/courses/41747", description:"Management 801 is the foundation course in the Entrepreneurial Management program. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth. While most of the examples in class will be drawn from new venture formation, the principles also apply to entrepreneurship in corporate settings and to non-profit entrepreneurship. We will be concerned with content and process questions as well as with formulation and implementation issues that relate to conceptualizing, developing, and managing successful new ventures. The emphasis in this course is on applying and synthesizing concepts and techniques from functional areas of strategic management, finance, accounting, managerial economics, marketing, operations management, and organizational behavior in the context of new venture development. The class serves as both a stand alone class and as a preparatory course to those interested in writing and venture implementation (the subject of the semester-long course, MGMT806).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL TRADE", number:"null", id:"35611", path:"/courses/35611", description:"Structure of the world economy; theory of international trade; economic growth and international trade; international trade policy: developed countries; developing countries. Direct investment, technology transfers, and the multinational firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAMILY ENTERPRISE MGMT.: Family Wealth: The Behavioral Mgmt. of Sustainable Family Enterprises", number:"null", id:"37535", path:"/courses/37535", description:"This class will examine the causes and consequences of the creation of family fortunes, with a focus on the practical implications for family decision-making. We will discuss psychological characteristics associated with the typically entrepreneurial creators of family wealth; with their children, whose childhood development takes place in the context of growing businesses and accumulating wealth; and with their grandchildren and beyond, whose childhood development occurin the context of established and often very public wealth, to build a comprehensive view of the interplay between family dynamics and economic decision making. Note that this class focus will be on behavioral aspects of family dynamics in a wide range of decision settings, rather than on management of an operating business per se. While this class will be particularly relevant to individuals aspiring to create their own family fortunes or whose ancestors have already done so, it will also be useful for individuals interested in foundation management, non-profit fund-raising or business catering to the very wealthy such as asset management and luxury retail. 

Format: The class will consist of a mixture of lectures, case discussions and class exercises. Submission of several written case studies, and a final examination are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35467", path:"/courses/35467", description:"Following the format of Advanced Business Chinese I, this course covers topics on Eastern and Western management styles, the global financial market, China's financial market reforms, and mergers and acquisitions in China. The course is NOT open to freshman with no undergraduate business course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANS(L)ITS", number:"null", id:"41511", path:"/courses/41511", description:"Drawing on Goethe's musings on 'world literature', the course focuses on authors who have arrived at their German words via global, worldly itineraries. The course considers movements between languages, including those of the students themselves and encourages students to develop their own voice as authors via a series of critical and creative writing exercise. At the same time, students develop strategies to reflect on their own language learning. This course provides an important space for German-learners at Penn to draw on one another's experiences in the program and to build a sense of community. The course is required for all German majors in the Fall semester of their senior year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETS WITH FRICTIONS", number:"null", id:"35609", path:"/courses/35609", description:"This course covers topics of interest in macroeconomics. Two sections are offered: Markets with Frictions. This course studies allocations in markets with frictions, as described by the difficulty in finding a trading partner, private information problems, commitment issues, and so on. Applications to labor markets, monetary economics, the marriage market will be discused. The main technical tool will be search theory, but a liberal amount of calculus and other mathematics will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG RSCH-PREP/APP/METH", number:"null", id:"37103", path:"/courses/37103", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"42855", path:"/courses/42855", description:"The course, conducted entirely in French, emphasizes verbal communication in business professional situations through three components. First, a series of student's presentations, in-class activities (using newspapers' articles, technical readings, radio shows and films), and debates on the following topics (list not exhaustive) related to France's economy and society: The role of the State in France's economy; the French fiscal system; Labor (impact of the 35-hour work week, 'conges,' women in the workplace, etc.); Regions of France (production); major French industries/companies/brands; France's major imports/exports; 'Green business'; Business of pop culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS FOR ARCHITECTS I", number:"null", id:"37760", path:"/courses/37760", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of mechanics, including static equilibrium, elasticity, and oscillations, with emphasis on topics most relevant to students in architecture. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 091 or 093 who complete PHYS008 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42536", path:"/courses/42536", description:"You know how to program, but do you know how computers really work? How do millions of transistors come together to form a complete computing system? This bottom-up course begins with transistors and simple computer hardware structures, continues with low-level programming using primitive machine instructions, and finishes with an introduction to the C programming language. This course is a broad introduction to all aspects of computer systems architecture and serves as the foundation for subsequent computer systems courses, such as Digital Systems Organization and Design (CIS 371), Computer Operating Systems (CIS 380), and Compilers and Interpreters (CIS 341).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENVS: LAW, ENVIRONMENT, IDENT", number:"null", id:"39452", path:"/courses/39452", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"35601", path:"/courses/35601", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG MOD CHIN I&II", number:"null", id:"41102", path:"/courses/41102", description:"This is a two-semester course covering the same material as CHIN011, CHIN012, CHIN111 and CHIN112. The main objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing Chinese. By the end of this course and CHIN022, students should achieve the following goals: 1)pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin Chinese accurately and comfortably with a good command of the 4 tones; 2)carry out basic conversations in daily activities; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read edited simple stories and write short notes or letters. Grammatical and cultural related issues are discussed during lecture hours. Oral communication tasks are given every week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRIVATE EQUITY", number:"null", id:"38623", path:"/courses/38623", description:"This course will address a variety of applied topics in private equity (PE), with a focus on growth and later-stage buyout transactions (venture capital is not explicitly addressed in this course), and a primarily U.S.-centric view that should be largely applicable in other markets. In addition, the course will focus on the transaction stage of PE investing i.e., the art of the deal and mostly leave aside deal sourcing, portfolio management and investor relations. The goal of this course is to educate students about the substance, process and mechanics of PE investing, through the lens of the investment professionals, counterparties and advisors that drive transactions to completion. Course topics will address the entire deal process, and will include the following: Commercial Diligence (incl. financial modeling); Debt Financing; Accounting Diligence; Sales & Purchase Agreements; Comps Analysis; and Other Advisory Work. Throughout the course, students will learn about each element of the deal process through in-class lectures, while concurrently apply those learnings to a real-time mock deal, and preparing dealmaterials that mirror a real private equity transaction. The in-class lectures will cover both conceptual frameworks and real-world examples.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Humanitarianism and Global Health", number:"null", id:"40155", path:"/courses/40155", description:"This course will explore the current context of health policy, health reform, and health service delivery in the developing world. After examining global economic and political context of health care, students will analyze the role that economic development plays in promoting or undermining health. Students will examine key disease challenges such as tuberculosis, malnutrition, and HIV/AIDS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: EINSTEIN & PICASSO", number:"null", id:"40809", path:"/courses/40809", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP RESP AND ETHICS", number:"null", id:"36016", path:"/courses/36016", description:"This course explores business responsibility from rival theoretical and managerial perspectives. Its focus includes theories of ethics and their application to case studies in business. Topics include moral issues in advertising and sales; hiring and promotion; financial management; corporate pollution; product safety; and decision-making across borders and cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BATT & SUPER-CAP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35719", path:"/courses/35719", description:"This is a senior / graduate course on scientific and technological fundamentals as they apply to electrochemical batteries and super-capacitors. The perspective utilized will be a combination of materials and systems science. The course will introduce the student to the different categories of electrochemical cells and batteries, and their related chemistry, kinds of super-capacitors, charging and discharging profiles, equivalent series resistance (ESR), power capacities, and lifetimes. For super-capacitors, the student will be introduced to double layer capacitance (DLC) and pseudo-capacitance types of energy storage, super-capacitor fundamentals through Faradaic and non-Faradaic processes, pseudo-capacitance of metal oxides and electro-active polymers (EAPs), non-ideal polarizable electrodes, energetics and kinetics of electrode processes, theories of dielectric polarization, inorganic and organic electrol carbonaceous materials, effective surface area (ESA) and functionalizations, as well as the AC impedance behavior of batteries and super-capacitors including the self-discharge characteristics of both. The fundamental electrochemical relations will be discussed, as well as battery / super-caps system modeling, and batteries management systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED STUDIES II: DECISIONS AND LEARNING", number:"null", id:"38778", path:"/courses/38778", description:"This course is the second semester of a two-semester sequence for first-year students admitted to the Collge's Integrated Studies Program. Topics will vary from year to year. For a current description, please see http://www.upenn.edu/curf/bfs/in-the-college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN GREEK I", number:"null", id:"40059", path:"/courses/40059", description:"This course is designed for students with no prior knowledge of the modern Greek Language. Instructions are theme based and is supported by a Textbook as well as other written or audiovisual material. It provides the framework for development of all communicative skills (reading, writing, comprehension and speaking) at a basic level. The course also introduces students to aspects of Modern Greek culture that are close to students' own horizon, while it exposes them to academic presentations of Greek history, arts, and current affairs. Quizzes, finals and short individual work with presentation are the testing tools. The completion of this unit does NOT satisfy the language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Love in Italian Literature", number:"null", id:"40181", path:"/courses/40181", description:"Topics vary. Please check the department's website for course description: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF YOUNG AND MIDDLE AGED ADULTS", number:"null", id:"39039", path:"/courses/39039", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of young and middle aged adults who experience functional status impairments as a result of serious illness or injury. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern, including risk factors for illness or injury, strategies to overcome barriers and support personal health resources, alleviate suffering and reduce the impact of illness or injury on the functioning of the person. Content and clinical experiences integrate developmental and role issues; policy, cultural and ethical considerations. Clinical experiences in acute care hospital units and simulation experiences provide opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKTG in Emerging Economies: Understanding & MKTG to the Indian Consumer", number:"null", id:"40860", path:"/courses/40860", description:"This course is a two part series. The first part concentrates on the Indian Consumer and the second part concentrates on the Chinese Consumer. India and China add up to half of the world's population. Each presents its own challenges and opportunities. US and European MNCs have been in both countries for many years, but emerging market MNC's are becoming stronger and in many cases overtaking US and European companies despite their strong brands and know-how.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARISTOTLE: ARISTOTLE'S PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40536", path:"/courses/40536", description:"A study of Aristotle's main writings on language, reality, knowledge, nature and psychology. All texts will be read in English translation. No background in Greek philosophy or knowledge of Greek is required, although previous work in philosophy is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO JAPANESE CIVIL", number:"null", id:"38388", path:"/courses/38388", description:"Survey of the civilization of Japan from prehistoric times to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ERGO/HUM FAC BSD PRO DSG", number:"null", id:"41604", path:"/courses/41604", description:"Human Factors and Ergonomics knowledge is a critical component of a product designer or design engineer's toolbox. This course teaches the direct application of existing human factors/ergonomic data to the creation of new product designs. Applying human factors knowledge to problem solving for product design happens throughout the design process. It is a useful input as initial ideas begin to ut and as a way to verify completed concepts through directly documented user testing and design iteration. The course would be a mini-lecture/studio style course in which the students will work in class on assigned projects, finding, analyzing, extrapolating and applying data to design solutions and creating mockups, modeland prototypes for user testing of their designs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"39206", path:"/courses/39206", description:"This course analyzes the formation and conduct of foreign policy in the United State. The course combines three elements: a study of the history of American foreign relations; an analysis of the causes of American foreign policy such sa the international system, public opinion, and the media; and a discussion of the major policy issues in contemporary U.S. foreign policy, including terrorism, civil wars, and economic policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DIRECTING", number:"null", id:"40756", path:"/courses/40756", description:"This class will introduce the basic principals of stage directing, beginning with the fundamentals of three-dimensional storytelling in script and character analysis. The aim of this course is to provide students with a basic knowledge of directing through an introduction to the functional tools of the craft. Classes provide lectures and practical work in dealing with topics such as the function of the director, analyzing a script, visual composition, blocking, stage business, and working with actors. This course is a prerequisite for Advanced Directing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Arabic in Residence II", number:"null", id:"43725", path:"/courses/43725", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Quantitative Research Methods in Communication", number:"null", id:"39777", path:"/courses/39777", description:"This course is a general overview of the important components of social research. It presents a conceptual basis for assessing research quality based on the four types of validity, and also covers the standard elements of research design, including sampling, measurement, and causal inference. These concepts are then illustrated through reviews of four research areas: surveys and field studies, qualitative/ethnographic studies, content analysis, and policy/evaluation studies. The final part of the semester focuses more on descriptive and inferential statistics, measures of association for categorical and continuous variables, and the language of data analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"42480", path:"/courses/42480", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Infrastructure Investment and Economic Growth: Why, How, and When", number:"null", id:"42865", path:"/courses/42865", description:"Infrastructure is widely acknowledged to be critical for economic success, and infrastructure investments are promoted as leading to economic growth, either at the local or national level. Yet, investments in telecommunications, transportation, energy, or other infrastructure do not always yield the hoped public benefit. This course will help answer the question: Under what circumstances does infrastructure investment contribute to economic growth, and how do we know? Because government resources are limited, advocates often must be creative to find sufficient funding to get desirable projects completed. This course will also help answer the question: How do we pay for the infrastructure projects we want to build? The course will illustrate approaches to answering these questions using case studies of past and proposed investments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY LATIN II", number:"null", id:"36009", path:"/courses/36009", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 101 or equivalent. Completes the introduction to the Latin language begun in 101. By the end of the course students will have a complete working knowledge of Latin grammar, a growing vocabulary, and experience in reading Julius Caesar's account of the invasion of Britain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPD THEORIES/METHODS I", number:"null", id:"40175", path:"/courses/40175", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRESS NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36810", path:"/courses/36810", description:"Stress can be caused by a variety of conditions, ranging from low-level noise in the workplace to life-threatening situations and these stressors can cause changes in the physiology and behavior of individuals. This course will examine the neural mechanisms underlying physiological and emotional responses to stress in a journal club format. Topics to be covered include anxiety disorders, depression and other mood disorders, the differential effects of stress on males and females, the physiological effects of stress on the immune system and feeding behavior, the effects of maternal stress on offspring as well as strategies to mitigate the effects of stress.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"40413", path:"/courses/40413", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR THESIS", number:"null", id:"37281", path:"/courses/37281", description:"This course is for senior undergraduate Women's Studies majors who will be completing their thesis. The seminar helps students decide on the most appropriate methodologies to use and topics to include in their thesis. Other topics include thesis organization and drawing conclusions from primary and secondary sources of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN ADV APPL OF STAT: Information Theory and Its Applications in Probability and Statistics", number:"null", id:"42183", path:"/courses/42183", description:"This seminar will be taken by doctoral candidates after the completion of most of their coursework. Topics vary from year to year and are chosen from advance probability, statistical inference, robust methods, and decision theory with principal emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38223", path:"/courses/38223", description:"This course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the structure of tissues at the cellular level and to the way in which those tissues are assembled into organs. This knowledge of structure will be the basis for discussion of tissue and organ function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AR RDGS SOC SCI", number:"null", id:"36750", path:"/courses/36750", description:"This course trains students to be proficient with written materials and media in MSA. This class will explore the Middle East through timely analysis of Arabic media as well as original analysis of the ideological, intellectual, social, cultural, and religious background to current events, including the Arab Spring and its aftermath. It is intended that, upon completion of this course, students will be able to work independently with a variety of media texts at different levels. Taught in MSA with writing assignments in MSA.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSONALITY & INDIV DIFF", number:"null", id:"44846", path:"/courses/44846", description:"This course provides an introduction to the psychology of personality and individual differences. Many psychology courses focus on the mind or brain; in contrast to those approaches of studying people in general, the focus in this course is on the question 'How are people different from each other?' It will highlight research that take a multidimensional approach to individual differences and attempts to integrate across the biological, cognitive-experimental, and social-cultural influences on personality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MODERN WORLD AND ITS CULTURAL BACKGROUND", number:"null", id:"35274", path:"/courses/35274", description:"An introduction to the diversity of cultures in the world. This course is divided into two parts. The first briefly examines different models of understanding human diversity: ethnicities, religions, languages, political forms, economic structures, cultures, and 'civilizations'. Students will learn to think about the world as an interconnected whole, and know the significance of culture on a global scale. The second part is an introduction to area studies, in which we undertake a survey of the different regions of the world. We conduct the survey paying attention to the different aspects of human diversities, which we examine in the first part of this course. Students will acquire a greater appreciation and understanding of cultural differences in the more comprehensive social context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CONDENSED MAT PHYS", number:"null", id:"44787", path:"/courses/44787", description:"An introduction to condensed matter physics designed primarily for advanced undergraduate and graduate students desiring a compact survey of the field. Band theory of solids, phonons, electrical magnetic and optical properties of matter, and superconductivity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAYESIAN STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"44977", path:"/courses/44977", description:"This graduate course will cover the modeling and computation required to perform advanced data analysis from the Bayesian perspective. We will cover fundamental topics in Bayesian probability modeling and implementation, including recent advances in both optimization and simulation-based estimation strategies. Key topics covered in the course include hierarchical and mixture models, Markov Chain Monte Carlo, hidden Markov and dynamic linear models, tree models, Gaussian processes and nonparametric Bayesian strategies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"39990", path:"/courses/39990", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide the student with the necessary skills to value and to employ options, futures, and related financial contracts. In order to provide a useful treatment of these topics in an environment that is changing rather rapidly, it is necessary to stress the fundamentals and to explore the topics at a technical level. The topics that will be covered include the valuation of futures contracts on stock indices, on commodities and Treasury instruments; the valuation of options; empirical evidence; strategies with respect to these assets; dynamic asset allocation strategies, of which portfolio insurance is an example; swaps; and the use (and misuse) of derivatives in the context of corporate applications. One-third of the course will be devoted to futures, a third to options, and a third to their applications. Many of the applications will be sprinkled along with the coverage of futures and options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV NON-FIC WRITING", number:"null", id:"39872", path:"/courses/39872", description:"Writing with a view to publication in the freelance sections of newspapers such as THE PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER and THE NEW YORK TIMES, in magazines such as THE ATLANTIC and THE NEW YORKER, and in the literary quarterlies and the journals of opinion. Among the areas likely to be considered are writing as a public act, issues of taste and of privacy, questions of ethics and of policy, methods of research and of checking, excerpting, marketing, and the realistic understanding of assignments and of the publishing world. Student papers will be the basis of weekly editorial sessions, with concentration on the language: how to render material literate, how to recognize and dispose of padding and self-indulgence, how to tighten structure and amplify substance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"35600", path:"/courses/35600", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"44430", path:"/courses/44430", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language (ASL). Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF OPERA", number:"null", id:"43174", path:"/courses/43174", description:"An investigation, through a series of representative works, of the central problem of opera: how does the combination of music, text, and visual spectacle create an art form in which the whole is more powerful than its parts. Today this issue can be examined not only in live performances but also through media such as film, DVD, streaming video-- media to which this four-centuries-old multimedia form has adapted, evolving in still compelling ways. The works chosen for the course provide a chronological survey but also represent the variety of sources on which opera has drawn for it subject matter: myth and legend, the epic, the novel, and the play.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ANTH: GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"43617", path:"/courses/43617", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Anthropology, the study of human societies and cultures. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATION", number:"null", id:"44574", path:"/courses/44574", description:"The phase of a material determines macroscopic properties such as strength, diffusion, and permeability. Whereas thermodynamics provides an idealistic understanding of phase behavior, the real phase (composition) and morphology of a solid material depends on the rate of transformation from one state to another. Namely, kinetics is the study of the rates at which systems approach the ideal state predicted by thermodynamics. Thus, transport/diffusion underlies our understanding of phase transformations. Technology applications will include, polymer nanocomposites as kinetically arrested materials, rapid solidification to create new materials, purification methods for integrated circuits, and drug delivery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATION", number:"null", id:"38989", path:"/courses/38989", description:"The atomic structure of condensed matter is dependent upon temperature, pressure, thermal history and other variables. In this course, the science of such structural transitions is treated. The topics discussed include introduction to statistical mechanics, theory of nucleation and growth kinetics, solidification, diffusionless solid state transformations, and microscopic theory of phase transition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"37777", path:"/courses/37777", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SECRET INTELLIGENCE IN AMERICAN DEMOCRACY, 1776 TO PRESENT", number:"null", id:"40169", path:"/courses/40169", description:"Topics in International Relations focuses on specialized issues, practical or applied approaches, policy and other topics of contemporary relevance in modern study of international relations. These are experimental or occasionally offered classes. Past topics of included US Foreign Policy and the Arab Spring, the Iraq Wars, Secret Intelligence & American Democracy, Counterintelligence, Homeland Security, the US & South Asia Cold War and New Alignments, and Think Tanks and Global Governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"38846", path:"/courses/38846", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"44660", path:"/courses/44660", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC LATIN", number:"null", id:"38350", path:"/courses/38350", description:"Advanced study in Latin for students enrolled in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLISH/HERITAGE SPEAK II", number:"null", id:"43481", path:"/courses/43481", description:"Continuation of SLAV505", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART AND BUSINESS OF FILM", number:"null", id:"35476", path:"/courses/35476", description:"The course will explore how a screenplay is conceptualized and developed, the role of agency relationships in the film business, and - casting as wide a net as possible - the financing, production, direction, distribution, exhibition and marketing of both independent and studio films. A combination of lectures by instructors and practitioners, case studies, film screenings, and consulting projects with independent and Hollywood creators, packagers, financiers, exhibitors, distributors and publicists will illustrate the relationship between the art of film and the business of film. Guests will include screenwriters, agents, producers, directors, distributors, film festival curators and film critics. In short, we will try to cover all aspects of making a film, and explore that often-tricky intersection of art and commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"43347", path:"/courses/43347", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are: Classical laws of motions; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion, and applications of mechanics to real-world problems. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIFE STORIES IN EARLY AMERICA", number:"null", id:"37312", path:"/courses/37312", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUALITY AND PRODUCTIVITY", number:"null", id:"39125", path:"/courses/39125", description:"Matching supply with demand is an enormous challenge for firms: excess supply is too costly, inadequate supply irritates customers. In the course, we will explore how firms can better organize their operations so that they more effectively align their supply with the demand for their products and services. Throughout the course, we illustrate mathematical analysis applied to real operational challenges--we seek rigor and relevance. Our aim is to provide both tactical knowledge and high-level insights needed by general managers and management consultants. We will demonstrate that companies can use (and have used) the principles from this course to significantly enhance their competitiveness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"41412", path:"/courses/41412", description:"This rigorous pair of courses, one offered in the Fall and one offered in the Spring semester, are designed as the capstone of the Fine Arts major and are required for all graduating fine arts seniors. They can only be taken in the senior year. Students work in individual studio spaces provided by the department and then meet with faculty for seminar, critique, and professional practice exercises. Through individual and group critiques, students begin to conceptualize thier final thesis exhibition or project. The senior seminar allows students to create lasting professional relationships with the fine arts faculty and visiting lecturers. The fall semester culminates in a group exhibition of senior student work paired with final semester critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"39465", path:"/courses/39465", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SICK AND SATIRED: THE INSANITY OF HUMOR AND HOW IT KEEPS US SANE", number:"null", id:"39780", path:"/courses/39780", description:"The goal of this course will be to prove definitively how and why humor,as both an instigator and peacemaker, might be considered one of the most influential and profoundly useful forms of communication devised by human beings. The unique ability of jokes and satire to transcend familiar literary and journalistic forms for the purpose of deepening (or cheapening) socio-philosophical arguments and to inspire (or discourage) debate and participation in public conversations about innumerable political and social issues will be explored. The fearless analytical nature of both high and lowbrow comedy will be examined, as well as its deflective qualities, and the corollaries construed from humor's dissection of straight society's monomania will be inspected and tested for cohesion and viability. Dwayne Booth, the course instructor, has been a freelance writer and cartoonist for twenty-five years, publishing under both his real name and the pen name of Mr. Fish with many of the nation's most reputable and prestigious magazines, journals and newspapers, including Harper's Magazine, Truthdig, the Los Angeles Times, the Village Voice, the LA Weekly, the Atlantic, the Huffington Post, The Nation and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & BEHAVIORAL CARE PLANNING & INTERVENTION FOR AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORD", number:"null", id:"36257", path:"/courses/36257", description:"Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course focuses on the application of various treatment approaches to the management of acute and chronic problems of autism spectrum disorder. Approaches to behavioral, psychological and medical co-morbidities are explored, practiced and evaluated. Students' clinical experiences build on the previous semester and continue with the application of class instruction to patient and family care. The student works closely with behaviorists, psychologists and occupational therapists to integrate nursing care planning with other services. This case approach continues, and exposure to a second family is added to expand learning opportunities and develop nursing services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONOLOGY I", number:"null", id:"37451", path:"/courses/37451", description:"First half of a year-long introduction to the formal study of phonology. Basic concepts in articulatory phonetics; the distribution of sounds (phonemes and allophones); underlying and surface forms, and how to relate them using both ordered-rule and surface-constraint approaches. The survey of theoretical topics in this term includes distinctive features (context, organization, underspecification); the autosegmental representation of tone; and the theory of phonological domains and their interaction with morphological and syntactic constituency. Emphasizes hands-on analysis of a wide range of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CANCER CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39629", path:"/courses/39629", description:"This course will focus on the molecular mechanisms by which fundamental cellular processes are disrupted in the development of cancer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC MGMT&STRAT", number:"null", id:"41521", path:"/courses/41521", description:"This course presents an overview of the business of health and how a variety of health care organizations have gained, sustained, and lost competitive advantage amidst intense competition, widespread regulation, high interdependence, and massive technological, economic, social and political changes. Specifically, we evaluate the challenges facing health care organizations using competitive analysis, identify their past responses, and explore the current strategies they are using to manage these challenges (and emerging ones) more effectively. Students will develop generalized skills in competitive analysis and the ability to apply those skills in the specialized analysis of opportunities in producer (e.g. biopharmaceutical, medical product, information technology), purchaser (e.g. insurance), and provider (e.g. hospitals, nursing homes, physician) organizations and industry sectors. The course is organized around a number of readings, cases, presentations, and a required project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL&POW/POLICY MKG IN DC", number:"null", id:"39223", path:"/courses/39223", description:"This seminar is taught in Washington D.C. for students enrolled in the Washington Semester Program. It includes an orientation to observation and research in the Washington Community and a major independent research project on the politics of governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR DEVELOP PSYCH: The Development of Children's Scientific Thinking", number:"null", id:"39258", path:"/courses/39258", description:"PSYC 480-301 (Brannon): The field of educational neuroscience is an emerging field with the goal of joining knowledge gained from the disciplines of neuroscience, cognitive science, developmental psychology,and education. This interdisciplinary course will focus on how scientific exploration of the mind and brain can inform educational practices. PSYC 480-302 (Connolly): This advanced discussion-based seminar will focus on approaches to success in domains of modern life such as social living and academia. The first portion of this seminar will be a psychology book club where we read various books written by psychology researchers. This will contribute to an ongoing discussion about scientific communication, and the presentation of psychological research to various audiences. From there, students will focus on a specific area of interest, and write a literature review based on contemporary empirical research critiquing their given topic. Students must understand the workload for this seminar requires intensive reading culminating in a large written assignment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV PROJ IN POPULAR CULT: ADV WRITING PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"35657", path:"/courses/35657", description:"An advanced course in writing about the arts and popular culture. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a complete description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SPOKEN JAPAN I", number:"null", id:"41614", path:"/courses/41614", description:"Intended for students who have no Japanese background. The major emphasis is on oral communication skills, although some reading and writing instructions are given. Japanese pop-culture will also be incorporated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMICON DEVICE PHYS&TECH", number:"null", id:"42751", path:"/courses/42751", description:"An advanced undergraduate course or graduate level course on the fundamental physical principles underlying the operation of traditional semiconducting electronic and optoelectronic devices and extends these concepts to novel nanoscale electronic and optoelectronic devices. The course assumes an undergraduate level understanding of semiconductors physics, as found in ESE 218 or PHYS 240. The course builds on the physics of solid state semiconductor devices to develop the operation and application of semiconductors and their devices in energy conversion devices such as solar photovoltaics, thermophotovoltaics, and thermoelectrics, to supply energy. The course also considers the importance of the design of modern semiconductor transistor technology to operate at low-power in CMOS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH REVOLUTION AND THE ORIGINS OF MODERN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"44330", path:"/courses/44330", description:"This course will examine the social, cultural, intellectual, economic, and especially political history of France and its Caribbean Empire from the end of the Old Regime through the Napoleonic period. The origins, development, and outcome of the French Revolution, followed by the Haitian Revolution, will be our main focus. Particular attention will be paid to the legacy of these two late 18th-century revolutions in terms of such key modern political concepts as human rights, nationalism, social welfare, feminism, democracy, terrorism, abolitionism, and revolution itself. Throughout the course, we will also emphasize the different and often conflicting ways in which historians have interpreted the meaning and consequences of this critical moment of upheaval. Readings will be a mixture of primary and secondary sources, and classes will combine lecture and discussion. Requirements will be one mid-term examination (15%), one short paper (15%), one final paper (30%), and one final examination (30%), as well as class participation (10%).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EST ENTERPRISE", number:"null", id:"45202", path:"/courses/45202", description:"The management of large, established enterprises creates a range of multi-facet challenges for the general manager. A general manager needs to understand the internal workings of a firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account increasing, globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that effective of an established enterprise requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSNATL ISSUES GLOBAL", number:"null", id:"40168", path:"/courses/40168", description:"Transnational Issues in Global Politics This course is designed to provide students with an introduction to transnational issues and world politics and to acquaint them with some of the leading issues, theories, concepts and processes that shape and define world events. It is expected that students taking the course will gain an ability to analyze, understand objectively evaluate and apprecate the complex dynamic that is 'global politics.' In order to better understand other nations, their leaders and their motivations, the readings and lectures in the first segment of this course will examine the traditional and contemporary approaches to studying world politics. Next, we will focus on the instruments of conflict and cooperation and the forces of integration and fragmentation in the world today. Finally, we will assess some of the major international issues of our time (i.e. climate change, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, genocide and human trafficking) and debate the prospects for bringing peace and prosperity to a world that is rife with conflict and poverty. The overriding challenge in this introductory course is to consider international relations from different perspectives and to be open and adaptive as you develop a deeper understanding of global issues and politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"44540", path:"/courses/44540", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAB IN MOD PHYS", number:"null", id:"39184", path:"/courses/39184", description:"Supervised experiments in modern physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS I", number:"null", id:"43069", path:"/courses/43069", description:"Brief review of High School calculus, applications of integrals, transcendental functions, methods of integration, infinite series, Taylor's theorem, and first order ordinary differential equations. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL & INT'L POLITIC", number:"null", id:"38916", path:"/courses/38916", description:"Globalization and International Political Economy is an upper level undergraduate course designed to provide the background necessary to understand globalization and the changes taking place in the international political-economy. The course objective is to help students develop a conceptual framework that will provide an understanding of the current international political-economic environment, provide a basis for thinking about the fundamental changes which are now taking place, and to build a solid foundation to which new material can be added throughout the students' careers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUMBER THEORY", number:"null", id:"43083", path:"/courses/43083", description:"Congruences, Diophantine equations, continued fractions, nonlinear congruences,and quadratic residues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICE OF TRANSFORMATIVE NURSING EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"41868", path:"/courses/41868", description:"This course is designed to provide expert nurses with a theoretical foundation to promote excellence in teaching in both faculty and professional development roles. Principles of adult learning theory, learning styles and preferences are explored with a focus on impact for educational design. Students will review various learning domains and approaches for curriculum development including writing measureable learning objectives. Content also includes an examination of numerous didactic teaching strategies, general tactics for the the use of simulation, approaches for inter-professional collaboration, and methods for evaluating learner competence.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE II", number:"null", id:"39068", path:"/courses/39068", description:"This course explores the indications, contraindications and considerations regarding the administration of regional, epidural and spinal anesthesia. Anatomical and physiological considerations regarding the administration, monitoring and reversing of anesthetic agents are reviewed. Common side effects and adverse effects are discussed and the effective treatments of each are explained. Factors leading to substance abuse are identified and discussed. Opportunities to practice spinal needle placement and administration of anesthetics are provided in the simulation laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLEGE ADMISSIONS ESSAY", number:"null", id:"45292", path:"/courses/45292", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING LAB II", number:"null", id:"43767", path:"/courses/43767", description:"BE 310 is a one course-unit laboratory course on the design of technology to measure and control biological systems. The course is divided into four modules: (i) microfluidics for point of care diagnostics, (ii) synthetic biology for predicting cellular behavior, (iii) electronics and signal analysis of bioelectrical signals, and (iv) bioanalytical spectroscopy for low-cost diagnostics. Each module will have two components: (i) a series of structured learning exercises to teach key concepts and methods of the topic that we are studying, and (ii) a design challenge, in which the understanding gained in the first component is used to design a solution to an open ended bioengineering challenge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STRATIFICATION", number:"null", id:"43487", path:"/courses/43487", description:"In this course we study the current levels and historical trends of inequality in the United States especially in cross-national comparative perspective. We discuss causes and consequences of inequality as well as various policy efforts to deal with inequality. Topics include intergenerational social mobility, income inequality, education, gender, race and ethnicity among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREE SPEECH & CENSORSHIP", number:"null", id:"41549", path:"/courses/41549", description:"This course will explore the idea of free speech - its justification, its relationship to various forms of censorship, and its proper limits - as a historical, philosophical, legal, and ultimately, political question. In the first half of the course, we will explore the long history across the West of the regulation of various kinds of ideas and their expression, from malicious gossip to heresies, and read classic arguments for and against censorship, copyright protections, and standards of taste and decency and of truth. In the second part of the seminar, after looking at how the idea of freedom of speech came to seem an existential prerequisite for democracy as well as individual liberty, we will take up the historical and philosophical questions posed by such recent dilemmas as whether or not hate speech deserves the protection of the First Amendment, the distinction between art and pornography from the perspective of freedom of expression, speech during wartime, and the transformative effects of the internet on the circulation and regulation of ideas. We will end the semester by thinking about the globalization of the idea of free speech as a human right and its implications, both positive and negative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"44225", path:"/courses/44225", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36831", path:"/courses/36831", description:"This course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the structure of tissues at the cellular level and to the way in which those tissues are assembled into organs. This knowledge of structure will be the basis for discussion of tissue and organ function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COGS: DREAMING AND SLEEP", number:"null", id:"45063", path:"/courses/45063", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cognitive Science, the interdisciplinary study of mental organization, learning, and thought. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"41505", path:"/courses/41505", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significance in contemporary German-speaking countries through literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS&MOD SEMICON DEV", number:"null", id:"37131", path:"/courses/37131", description:"Semiconductor materials form the basis of modern electronic technology. This course develops the physics of semiconductor devices, the evolution of modern semiconductor technology, device engineering considerations, and introduces emerging technologies. The course stresses intuitive understanding of the physics through interactive exercises, instructional videos, in-class examples and a research project. Topics covered include an introduction to quantum mechanics and band theory of solids; physics governing charge carriers in semiconductors; fundamental operating mechanisms for p-n junctions, bipolar and field-effect transistors, and optoelectronic devices; and an introduction t nanoscale devices and the limits of transistor scaling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"36717", path:"/courses/36717", description:"The course looks at varieties of human expression -- such as art, film, language and song -- as communicative practices that connect persons together to form a common culture. Discussion is centered around particular case studies and ethnographic examples. Examination of communicative practices in terms of the types of expressive signs they employ, their capacity to formulate and transmit cultural beliefs and ideals (such as conceptions of politics, nature, and self), and to define the size and characteristics of groups and communities sharing such ideals. Discussion of the role of media, social institutions, and technologies of communication (print, electronic). Emphasis on contemporary communicative practices and the forms of culture that emerge in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFORMING CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38103", path:"/courses/38103", description:"This course analyzes cultural performances as sites for the formation, expression, and transmission of social identity. Students will read ethnographies, critiques, and reports of performance genres including ritual, theater, music, dance, art, and spoken word, with a particular focus on Native American and Indigenous arts and expressions. Topics include: expressive culture as survivance; debates around authenticity and invented traditions; public identity and sexuality; political resistance; the effects of globalization; transnationalism and hybridity; cultural appropriation; and the transformation of folk performances in the wake of modern media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"41451", path:"/courses/41451", description:"Open only to residents in La Maison Francaise. Participants earn 1/2 c.u. per semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TELEGU II", number:"null", id:"36582", path:"/courses/36582", description:"This course continues tudents to the basic Telugu language skills, with an emphasis on practice for listening comprehension, and speaking Telugu. Combined with exposure to Andhra culture, the classroom and online work in this course will enable interested students to pursue further language study in Telugu at the intermediate level, to carry out field research in Andhra Pradesh, or to prepare them to advanced work in Telugu Studies. An introduction to Telugu like this will also be useful for students who just want to acquire basic Telugu language skills for learning a new language or being able to communicate with Telugu speaking family and friends or to enjoy Telugu music and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI TECH SOC MOD E ASIA", number:"null", id:"39383", path:"/courses/39383", description:"The course aims to survey the history of science and technology in East Asian countriesChina, Japan and Koreasince the late 19th century. Since Japan was the only nation in East Asia that succeeded in modernizing itself by adopting Western science, technology and politics, it will be studied first. The Chinese and Korean cases then will be reviewed with different angles. The course will emphasize the mutual influence between science & technology and society to answer how these countries became major industrial powers in the 21st century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CS STY: Addressing the Social Determinants of Health: Community Engagement", number:"null", id:"44640", path:"/courses/44640", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN SOCIAL MOVEMENTS", number:"null", id:"43499", path:"/courses/43499", description:"Throughout modern times groups of people have come together in an attempt to change their social world. Their successes and failures teach us about society, organizations, and individuals. This course will examine case studies of historical and contemporary social movements. Using these case studies, this course will evaluate different approaches to understanding social movements, and investigate what these different approaches suggest about individuals, the society in which they live, and the potential for social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC PHYSIOL&CELL ENGR", number:"null", id:"36783", path:"/courses/36783", description:"This course explores physical biology of the cell across several length and timescales, while simultaneously emphasizing molecular specificity and clinical implications such as disease outcome or biomedical applications. The course emphasizes how the basic tools and insights of engineering, physics, chemistry, and mathematics combined with 'Big Data' can illuminate the study of molecular and cell biology to make predictive biomedical models and subject them to clinical validation. Drawing on key examples and seminal experiments from the current clinical literature, the course demonstrates how quantitative models can help refine our understanding of existing biological data and also be used to make useful clinical predictions. The course blends traditional models in cell biology with the quantitative approach typical in engineering, in order to introduce the student to both the possibilities and boundaries of the emerging field of physical systems biology. While teaching physical model building in cell biology through a practical, case-study approach, the course explores how quantitative modeling based on engineering principles can be used to build a more profound, intuitive understanding of cell biology. Lab modules will be embedded in the lectures and all labs will be in silico (or computational) in nature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ETHNOMUSICOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41800", path:"/courses/41800", description:"This course introduces students to the field of ethnomusicology through a series of case studies that explore a range of traditional, popular, and art musics from around the world. The course takes as a point of departure several works of musical ethnography, musical fiction, and musical autobiography and, through in-depth reading of these texts, close listening to assigned sound recordings, and in- class case studies, generates a context within which to think and write about music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROMANTIC PERIOD: ROMANTIC REVOLUTIONS", number:"null", id:"37052", path:"/courses/37052", description:"This course offers an introduction to the literature of the Romantic period (ca. 1770-1830). Some versions of this course will incorporate European romantic writers, while others will focus exclusively on Anglo-American romanticism, and survey authors such as Austen, Blake, Brockden Brown, Byron, Coleridge, Emerson, Irving, Keats, Radcliffe, Scott, Shelley, and Wordsworth. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"43120", path:"/courses/43120", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfill the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CITY PLANNING: PLANNING URBAN SPACES", number:"null", id:"43585", path:"/courses/43585", description:"This course will provide a general introduction to the concepts and practice of city planning. Topics to be discussed include: the process and nature of planning - theories, methods and roles as manifested in practice; history and trends in city planning; functional planning practice; planning within constraints--a field project; planning in the international arena; present crisis in planning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"44779", path:"/courses/44779", description:"An introduction to the experimental basis for and principles of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei. Students are encouraged but not required to take Math 241 concurrently or in advance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MODERN GREEK I", number:"null", id:"37255", path:"/courses/37255", description:"This course is designed for students with an elementary knowledge of Demotic Modern Greek, and aims mainly at developing oral expression, reading and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN POLITICAL THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"37798", path:"/courses/37798", description:"This course will provide an overview of major figures and themes of modern political thought. We will focus on themes and questions pertinent to political theory in the modern era, particularly focusing on the relationship of the individual to community, society, and state. Although the emergence of the individual as a central moral, political, and conceptual category arguably began in earlier eras, it is in the seventeenth century that it takes firm hold in defining the state, political institutions, moral thinking, and social relations. The centrality of 'the individual' has created difficulties, even paradoxes, for community and social relations, and political theorists have struggled to reconicle those throughout the modern era. We will consider the political forms that emerged out of those struggles, as well as the changed and distinctly 'modern' conceptualizations of political theory such as freedom, responsibilty, justice, rights and obligations, as central categories for organizing moral and political life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED GREEK: POETRY", number:"null", id:"35860", path:"/courses/35860", description:"This course is an introduction to reading Greek poetry, with an emphasis on the characteristics that differentiate the grammar, diction, and sentence structure of poetry from that of prose. The readings are primarily from Homer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Private Equity in Emerging Markets", number:"null", id:"38942", path:"/courses/38942", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a practical understanding of private equity issues focusing on emerging market and frontier country environments. The underlying premise of the course is that private equity in these countries is a distinctly different asset class than in industrialized countries for a number of reasons that will be identified and analyzed by students, such as valuation, corporate governance standards and practices, contract enforcement and regulations, and exit alternatives. Students will assess these differences that heighten the risks for private equity investors in emerging markets and explore how they can be successfully mitigated. The course will be analytically rigorous and require a high level of weekly preparation and class participation. The case method of teaching will predominate, allowing students to gain a realistic understanding of the roles, responsibilities and analytical skills required of practitioners, and the tensions that arise between the various stakeholders, including government officials who formulate regulations and policies that affect PE investor behavior and performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"42385", path:"/courses/42385", description:"Participation in research projects in the laboratories of individual faculty members. A list of possible research supervisors is available in the Biochemistry office (351 Chemistry). In addition to their laboratory projects, students will attend a weekly seminar in which their own and related work will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORKED SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38332", path:"/courses/38332", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts in the design and implementation of networked systems, their protocols, and applications. Topics to be covered include: Internet architecture, network applications, addressing, routing, transport protocols, network security, and peer-to-peer networks. The course will involve written assignments, examinations, and programming assignments.. Students will work in teams to design and implement networked systems in layers, from routing protocols, transport protocols, to peer-to-peer networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"44450", path:"/courses/44450", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DCC RESEARCH SEMINAR: Democracy, Citizenship & Constitutionalism Research Seminar", number:"null", id:"40596", path:"/courses/40596", description:"The course is intended for Andrea Mitchell Centre Undergraduate Fellows to present their research ideas, share with the class progress on their ongoing projects, and receive constructive feedback from fellow students and the course instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44184", path:"/courses/44184", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, performance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"41685", path:"/courses/41685", description:"Continuation of MATH 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED TAIWANESE II", number:"null", id:"35459", path:"/courses/35459", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED WRITING PROJECTS IN THE ARTS AND POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38476", path:"/courses/38476", description:"An advanced course in writing about the arts and popular culture. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a complete description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICS FOR BIOLOGIST", number:"null", id:"36839", path:"/courses/36839", description:"Introductory probability theory. Principles of statistical methods. Problems of estimation and hypothesis testing in biology and related areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP ORG AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"42542", path:"/courses/42542", description:"This is the second computer oganization course and focuses on computer hardware design. Topics covered are: (1) basic digital system design including finite state machines, (2) instruction set design and simple RISC assembly programming, (3) quantitative evaluation of computer performance, (4) circuits for integer and floating-point arithmatic, (5) datapath and control, (6) micro-programming, (7) pipeling, (8) storage hierarchy and virtual memory, (9) input/output, (10) different forms of parallelism including instruction level parallelism, data-level parallelism using both vectors and message-passing multi-processors, and thread-level parallelism using shared memory multiprocessors. Basic cache coherence and synchronization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"39386", path:"/courses/39386", description:"This is a capstone seminar for STSC maors, and a required seminar for any STSC junior who wishes to write a senior thesis for honors in the major. It is designed to provide the tools necessary to undertake original research by guiding students through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or a completed research paper by the end of the term. Although each student will work on a different topic, the class will focus on general aspects of historical, and social scientific research and guide students through a close reading of key texts in science and technology studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED HEALTH CARE ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS PLANNING", number:"null", id:"36263", path:"/courses/36263", description:"This course focuses on the management of financial resources in the healthcare industry particularly in inpatient and ambulatory care settings. Specific emphasis is on applied accounting, budgeting, capital planning, nursing staffing/scheduling and variance analysis. Additionally, students will apply concepts in developing a business/program plan including completion of an environmental scan, cost-benefit analysis and marketing plan. Students will engage in strategic planning, stakeholder analysis and benchmarking efforts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATGIC MKTG SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"40340", path:"/courses/40340", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, Marketing 613 is an intensive immersion course designed to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The central activity will be participation in a realistic integrative product management simulation named SABRE. In SABRE, students will form management teams that oversee all critical aspects of modern product management: the design and marketing of new products, advertising budgeting and design, sales force sizing and allocation, and production planning. As in the real world, teams will compete for profitability, and the success that each team has in achieving this goal will be a major driver of the class assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"42642", path:"/courses/42642", description:"This course introduces students to advanced study in econometrics, with an emphasis on methods used in microeconomic applications and in evaluating the effects of social interventions. The methods covered include methods for handling limited dependent variables (useful, for example, in forecasting the demand for a new good), maximum likelihood estimators, and flexible semiparametric and non parametric estimation methods, and randomized and nonexperimental methods of estimating treatment effects. Applications of econometrics to the field of program evaluation will also be studied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL LEXICON", number:"null", id:"44448", path:"/courses/44448", description:"An investigation of the psychological representations and processing of words. Topics include: the extraction of words from speech; lexical access and production; the induction of morphological and phonological regularities in word learning; decomposition of morphologically complex words; frequency effects in morphological processing; storage vs. computation in the lexicon; the past tense debate; morphological change. This course makes extensive use of linguistic corpora. Students will also be familiarized with experimental design issues in the psycholinguistic study of the lexicon.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & INTERMEDIATE CLINICAL PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"43275", path:"/courses/43275", description:"This course focuses on the implementation of the professional role of the Pediatric Acute Care Nurse Practitioner (PNP-AC). Particular emphasis is placed on the role components of the nurse practitioner in pediatric acute care. Applications of nursing, biological and behavioral science are emphasized in the advanced clinical assessment, clinical decision making and management skills needed to care for complex, unstable acutely and chronically ill children and their families. The role of the advanced practice nurse in promoting optimal child/family outcomes is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HUNGARIAN I", number:"null", id:"39845", path:"/courses/39845", description:"Emphasis on vocabulary building, conversation and reading skills. Grammar review.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"40179", path:"/courses/40179", description:"Italian 201 will focus on a recent movie by Italian director Tullio Giordana, La meglio gioventu (2002), which will be used as a point of departure to explore contemporary Italian culture following its development since the 1960s. Another recent movie, Mio fratello e figlio unico (2007), will be viewed and analyzed at the conclusion of the course as compared to La meglio gioventu. Pertinent literary texts, newspaper articles, as well as material in other media will complement the analysis of the film and allow an in-depth discussion of the most important topics. The cultural material explored in the course will be also used as a basis for a review of the most difficult grammar structures, with an emphasis on those necessary to express opinion and formulate hypothesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND CONCEPTS IN NANOTEC", number:"null", id:"39904", path:"/courses/39904", description:"This is a Master's level course that seeks to teach the physics needed to begin a study of engineering and science at the nanometer scale. Since the nanometer scale is so close to the quantum scale, much of the course deals with an introduction to quantum mechanics but the course also includes discussions in solid-state physics, electricity and magnetism and mechanics. The objective of the course is to teach the physics that an engineering student would need to have in order to do experimental work at the nanometer scale. In addition, this course will prepare the student to take more advanced courses in the Nanotechnology Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV ARABIC & SYNTAX I", number:"null", id:"39538", path:"/courses/39538", description:"Advanced syntax through the reading of Arab grammarians. Development of reading in bulk. Emphasis on classical Arabic read in works by medieval and modern writers. This course is designed to give the student experience in reading whole works in Arabic and giving reports on them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN CONTINENTAL PHIL: HEIDEGGER", number:"null", id:"37746", path:"/courses/37746", description:"Martin Heidegger is counted among the most controversial thinkers of the 20th century. He is best known, however, for his early book 'Being and Time'. This unfinished project was supposed to be completed by several works on major figures of western philosophy, one of which is Kant. In fact, only shortly after Being and Time, Heidegger published his first book on Kant: Kant and the Problem of Metaphysics. With this book Heidegger's so called metaphysical phase (which lasted at least until the mid 1930's) was initiated. In this course, we will read and discuss not only large parts of Being and Time but also a selection of these later works that are primarily concerned with the nature and object of Metaphysics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEORGE ELIOT AND THE SCIENCE DESCRIPTION", number:"null", id:"42716", path:"/courses/42716", description:"This course covers topics in ninteenth-century British Literature, its specific emphasis varying with the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"39067", path:"/courses/39067", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN THAR: ACTING ONSTAGE AND OFF", number:"null", id:"42268", path:"/courses/42268", description:"Sometimes part of the fun of theater is imagining that you can peel back the performer's mask or go inside an actor's brain. With developments in cognitive neuroscience it's now closer to being a reality than ever before. In this course, students will explore how characters and theatrical personae are created by studying the acting methods of the great actors, specific techniques they can use themselves for performances scripted or otherwise (onstage or off) and the latest brain science about personality and perception.Theatre scholar John Lutterbie's Toward a General Theory of Acting will be our guide as we approach the craft of acting and the craft of writing using the insights of neuroscience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SPOKEN JAPAN II", number:"null", id:"44379", path:"/courses/44379", description:"Although some reading/writing instruction is given, the major emphasis is on oral communication skill.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"38595", path:"/courses/38595", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY INDONESIAN II", number:"null", id:"35262", path:"/courses/35262", description:"Elementary Indonesian II course is the second course in the first-year series. It is designed to strengthen and expand students Indonesian language competencies in listening, speaking, reading, writing and to deepen their understanding of Indonesian culture. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in more detail conversations about familiar things and topics pertinent to them. Students will know everyday expressions and will be able to describe their cities, to tell story about their friends, family, about celebration and family tradition. Furthermore, students will be able to talk about events that happened in the past and in the future, will be able to make comparisons, to express their preference, describe people, things, or an important experience in increasing detail. Furthermore, students will be able to make plan for a party or a trip, write and retell a story or fairy tale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"39666", path:"/courses/39666", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course should be taken concurrently with Chem 242.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STEM CELLS,PROT&DRUG DEL", number:"null", id:"42473", path:"/courses/42473", description:"Lectures on modern topics and methods in cell and molecular biology and biomedicine from the perspective of soft matter science and engineering. Discussions and homeworks will cover soft matter related tools and concepts used to 1) isolate, grow, and physically characterize stem cells, 2) quantify biomolecular profiles, 3) deliver drugs to these cells and other sites (such as tumors with cancer stem cells) will be discussed. Skills in analytical and professiona presentations, papers and laboratory work will be developed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE U.S. AND THE WORLD SINCE 1898", number:"null", id:"38762", path:"/courses/38762", description:"This class examines the emergence of the U.S. as a world power since 1898, and considers both the international and domestic consequences of U.S. foreign relations. In one respect, the twentieth century was a strange time to become a global empire: it was the period when colonial systems centered in Europe, Russia, Japan, and Turkey collapsed, and new nations emerged throughout Africa and Asia. This class explores the changing strategies of military, economic, and political intervention that the U.S. pursued as colonization lost legitimacy. Within that framework, the class invites students to think about several questions: How did the idea and practice of empire change over the twentieth century? How did the United States relate to new visions of independence emerging in Africa, Asia, and Latin America? How did global interactions both inform and reflect racial ideology in the United States? Finally, how did international affairs transform U.S. politics and social movements?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Politics, Groups and Identities", number:"null", id:"44841", path:"/courses/44841", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Race Development and American International Relations, Hegel and Marx, and Logic of the West.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS I", number:"null", id:"36083", path:"/courses/36083", description:"Thermodynamics is the study of the fundamental concepts underlying the conversion of energy in such mechanical systems as internal and external combustion engines (including automobile and aircraft engines), compressors, pumps, refrigerators, and turbines. This course is intended for students in mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, materials science, physics and other fields. The topics include: Basic definitions, microscopic and macroscopic points of view; properties of pure substances and reversibility and irreversibility, the thermodynamic temperature scale, entropy, availability, second law analysis, power and refrigeration cycles and their engineering applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN ISS IN HLTH CR MGMT", number:"null", id:"42905", path:"/courses/42905", description:"This course will explore the effects of the changing health care environment on the physician, patient and health care manager. It is intended for any undergraduate with an interest in how 1/6th of the American economy is organized as well as those planning careers as health care providers and managers. The course complements other health care courses (that take a societal perspective) by focusing on the individuals who participate in the health care enterprise. There are no prerequisites, as the course will stand on its own content. The course will be divided into modules that focus on the participants of the health care process and the process itself. We will analyze the patient, the doctor, and manager in light of the patient-doctor interaction, the turbulent health care marketplace, expensive new technologies,resource allocation, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELMTS PROB THRY", number:"null", id:"37149", path:"/courses/37149", description:"This rapidly moving course provides a rigorous development of fundamental ideas in probability theory and random processes. The course is suitable for students seeking a rigorous graduate level exposure to probabilistic ideas and principles with applications in diverse settings. 

The topics covered are drawn from: abstract probability spaces; combinatorial probabilities; conditional probability; Bayes's rule and the theorem of total probability; independence; connections with the theory of numbers, Borel's normal law; rare events, Poisson laws, and the Lovasz local lemma; arithmetic and lattice distributions arising from the Bernoulli scheme; limit laws and characterizations of the binomial and Poisson distributions; continuous distributions in one and more dimensions; the uniform, exponential, normal, and related distributions; random variables, distribution functions; orthogonal and stationary random processes; the Gaussian process, Brownian motion; random number generation and statistical tests of randomness; mathematical expectation and the Lebesgue theory; expectations of functions, moments, convolutions; operator methods and distributional convergence, the central limit theorem, selection principles; conditional expectation; tail inequalities, concentration convergence in probability and almost surely, the law of large numbers, the law of the iterated logarithm; Poisson approximation, Janson's inequality, the Stein- Chen method; moment generating functions, renewal theory; characteristic functions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLUID MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"41064", path:"/courses/41064", description:"This course is designed for students to understand the fundamental characteristics of fluids. We will develop, starting from first principles, the basic equations for fluid statics, and use them to assess buoyancy forces and determine the pressure variations in fluids with rigid body rotation. Students will understand in detail the basic types of fluid flow line patterns (eg. streamlines and streamtubes) and the different types of interchangeable energy forms (eg. kinetic, potential, and pressure). It is also important to develop, starting from first principles, the formulations for inviscid and viscous flow problems. These include the discussion of a control system and system boundaries, the detailed construction of conservations equations of mass, energy, and momentum for Newtonian fluids, the derivation of the Navier-Stokes equations, and the determination of appropriate initial and boundary conditions. A final objective of the course is to solve various fluid mechanics problems using control systems, dimensional analysis, and developed equations. Such problems include, but are not limited to, the terminal velocity of a falling sphere, Stokes flow, the relation between the friction factor and the Reynolds number, and flow profiles in numerous geometries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TAMIL", number:"null", id:"43565", path:"/courses/43565", description:"This course is a continuation of the Advance Tamil Course I and its primary focus is to concentrate particularly on any one of the genres of the Tamil language namely Sangam, medieval or modern Tamil, which span a vast variety of texts from Aham, Puram, religious poems along with a whole array of Tamil inscriptions. The familiarity from Advanced Tamil I course will be adequately used to master in any aspect of these three genres of the Tamil language. Based on the general interests of the students who are enrolled in this course specific variety of the text to concentrate upon will be selected. In the past, we have read poems from the Sangam genre Purananuru, Ahananuru, Silappatikaram, Manimekalai etc., along with the parallel religious poems from Tirumurai, Nalayira Divyaprabandam and so on. We have also read as part of this course texts from Islam literature, Tamil inscriptions and other related kinds. Text from the instructors book (to be published), 'Ilakkiyap payaNangkaL' will be used to give a birds eye view to students about Tamil literature and the transitions that took place from Sangam, medieval and modern period. This course will train students to have a near-native proficiency in Tamil along with a professional skill in any particular variety of the Tamil language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE IV", number:"null", id:"40449", path:"/courses/40449", description:"This course provides a systems approach to examining specialty surgical procedures and the anesthesia requirements for each. Analysis of the pre-anesthesia assessment, the intraoperative monitoring and the post-anesthesia care required for patients undergoing the surgical procedure will be presented. Population specific considerations will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42187", path:"/courses/42187", description:"This course examines contemporary environmental issues such as energy, waste, pollution, health, population, biodiversity and climate through a historical and critical lens. All of these issues have important material, natural and technical aspects; they are also inextricably entangled with human history and culture. To understand the nature of this entanglement, the course will introduce key concepts and theoretical frameworks from science and technology studies and the environmental humanities and social sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENG CASE STUDIES", number:"null", id:"39585", path:"/courses/39585", description:"This course introduces students to bioengineering research and development as related to meeting clinical needs. The course is broadly organized about the question of 'what makes medical technology work'. It introduces students to the assessment of medical technology including studies to evaluate safety and effectiveness of new devices. Introduction to regulatory, ethical, legal, and economic issues as they relate to the success of new medical technologies. The course will be taught through examination of case studies, which may vary from year to year. Recent case studies included mammography, heart assist devices and the artificial heart, hyperthermia, safety of radiofrequency energy. The course will include experts (both in person and via teleconferences) and student presentations in addition to lectures by the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ALGEBRA INITIA", number:"null", id:"41675", path:"/courses/41675", description:"Community Algebra Initiative", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISEASE & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40161", path:"/courses/40161", description:"What is disease? In this seminar students will ask and answer this question by analyzing historical documents, scientific reports, and historical scholarship (primarily 19th and 20th century U.S. and European). We will look at disease from multiple perspectives -- as a biological process, clinical entity, population phenomenon, historical actor and personal experience. We will pay special attention to how diseases have been recognized, diagnosed, named and classified in different eras, cultures and professional settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: INDEPENDENT STUDY", number:"null", id:"35558", path:"/courses/35558", description:"The independent study offers the self-motivated student an opportunity for a tailored, academically rigorous, semester-long investigation into a topic of the student's choice with faculty supervision. Its structure and purpose is different from the internship experience. Students must also complete and file a designated form, approved and signed by the supervising faculty member and the Associate Dean for Undergraduate Studies, which includes a topic proposal. This form must be received in the Undergraduate Office during the Add period of the semester during which the independent study will be conducted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLIN PRAC:COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"43257", path:"/courses/43257", description:"The focus of this course is the application of concepts presented in the Complex Diagnosis and Management of Adults Across the Lifespan (NURS 648) including initial workups of new patients, and the evaluation and management of patients with self-limiting acute problems, or stable chronic illnesses. Students will gain increased clinical expertise in a variety of community-based clinical settings including but not limited to health maintenance organizations, community clinics, long term care, assisted living, continuing care retirement communities, occupational health settings, and private practice. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, applying epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care for adults across the lifespan with health maintenance needs, and/or common acute and chronic health problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36893", path:"/courses/36893", description:"Students learn to work on materials which were written or produced for native speakers, instead of the classroom materials that were written for the non-native speakers. The reading materials include a larger vocabulary with more idioms. Students will also learn how to understand and use certain oral expressions in conversation. They will learn ways to narrate, to describe, and to comment in native Chinese ways. Reading and audio materials are provided and discussed in the classes. Writing and oral presentations in Chinese are required in classroom under instruction. Students will be encouraged to practice oral communication with each other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUALIZATION I: REPRESENTATION", number:"null", id:"35308", path:"/courses/35308", description:"An exploration of the design process utilizing drawing and model-making techniques. Skills of representation and fabrication are introduced in the context of the development of each student's capacity to observe, interpret, and translate design concepts into physical form. The course includes a weekly lecture and a biweekly studio component.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"39836", path:"/courses/39836", description:"This course introduces students to advanced study in econometrics, with an emphasis on methods used in microeconomic applications and in evaluating the effects of social interventions. The methods covered include methods for handling limited dependent variables (useful, for example, in forecasting the demand for a new good), maximum likelihood estimators, and flexible semiparametric and non parametric estimation methods, and randomized and nonexperimental methods of estimating treatment effects. Applications of econometrics to the field of program evaluation will also be studied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43100", path:"/courses/43100", description:"This course is a junior lab which follows MEAM 333 Heat Transfer and MEAM 354 Mechanics of Materials with design projects based on those topics. In the broader context of design/independent skill development, this course also introduces open ended topics, wider design options, and introduces project planning and management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL ENGINEERING LAB", number:"null", id:"39646", path:"/courses/39646", description:"Experimental studies in heat and mass transfer, separations and chemical reactors to verify theoretical concepts and learn laboratory techniques. Methods for analyzing and presenting data. Report preparation and the presentation of an oral technical report.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SOIL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"40055", path:"/courses/40055", description:"Soil is considered the 'skin of the Earth', with interfaces between the lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, and biosphere. It is a mixture of minerals, organic matter, gases, liquids and a myriad of organisms that can support plant life. As such, soil is a natural body that exists as part of the environment. This course will examine the nature, properties, formation and environmental functions of soil.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT POLITICAL THOUGH", number:"null", id:"40578", path:"/courses/40578", description:"Through reading texts of Plato (Socrates), Aristotle, Augustine and Aquinas, the student encounters a range of political ideas deeply challenging to--and possibly corrosive of--today's dominant democratic liberalism. Can classical and medieval thinking offer insight into modern impasses in political morality? Is such ancient thinking plausible, useful, or dangerous?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"40201", path:"/courses/40201", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course aims to further develop students' advanced language proficiency and simultaneously deepen their knowledge and understanding of specific areas related to Korean business and economy such as an expansion of business into Asian markets and globalization strategies. Through research, discussion and presentation on various case studies and other business-related materials, students will enhance their critical thinking skills and gain an in-depth perspective on issues related to contemporary Korean business operations and practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"43641", path:"/courses/43641", description:"The first part of the course presents alternative methods of preparing managerial accounting information, and the remainder of the course examines how these methods are used by companies. Managerial accounting is a company's internal language, and is used for decision-making, production management, product design and pricing and for motivating and evaluating employees. Unless you understand managerial accounting, you cannot have a thorough understanding of a company's internal operations. What you learn in this course will help you understand the operations of your future employer (and enable you to be more successful at your job), and help you understand other companies you encounter in your role as competitor, consultant, or investor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Antonioni and Fellini: The Challenge of (Post)modernist Cinema", number:"null", id:"44377", path:"/courses/44377", description:"Please see department website for current description at: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/graduate/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44246", path:"/courses/44246", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO AFRICANA STUDIES", number:"null", id:"42280", path:"/courses/42280", description:"The aim of this course is to provide an interdisciplinary examination of the complex array of African American and other African Diaspora social practices and experiences. This class will focus on both classic texts and modern works that provide an introduction to the dynamics of African American and African Diaspora thought and practice. Topics include: What is Africana Studies?; The History Before 1492; Creating the African Diaspora After 1500; The Challenge of Freedom; Race, Gender and Class in the 20th Century; From Black Studies to Africana Studies: The Future of Africana Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSTAINABLE GOODS", number:"null", id:"39914", path:"/courses/39914", description:"The study of sustainability-the long term viability of humans in harmony with the environment-has been identified as a critical issue for society and industry and is evolving to examine how society should conduct itself in order to survive.This issue impacts the consumer goods that we use in our lives,the processes that are designed to make these goods, and the raw materials that we obtain to create these goods.The questions that we will examine will be:can these goods be obtained,made,and consumed in a fashion that allows the current quality of life to be mantained (or enhanced) for future generations? Can these processes be sustainable? A review of consumer goods is necessary as the starting point in order to understand the basic needs of people in society and why people consume goods as they do. Subsequently,each student will choose a product to examine in detail and will research the product for its impact with respect to natural resource selection,production,use,and disposal/reuse.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"37765", path:"/courses/37765", description:"Classical laws of motions; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"35773", path:"/courses/35773", description:"This is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad. During the spring semester there are honors sections of FNCE 101 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38091", path:"/courses/38091", description:"The course looks at varieties of human expression -- such as art, film, language and song -- as communicative practices that connect persons together to form a common culture. Discussion is centered around particular case studies and ethnographic examples. Examination of communicative practices in terms of the types of expressive signs they employ, their capacity to formulate and transmit cultural beliefs and ideals (such as conceptions of politics, nature, and self), and to define the size and characteristics of groups and communities sharing such ideals. Discussion of the role of media, social institutions, and technologies of communication (print, electronic). Emphasis on contemporary communicative practices and the forms of culture that emerge in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"42221", path:"/courses/42221", description:"Urban Studies senior research project", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ALGEBRA INITIA", number:"null", id:"37461", path:"/courses/37461", description:"Community Algebra Initiative", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ONCOLOGY THEORY I", number:"null", id:"40469", path:"/courses/40469", description:"This course examines the unique contribution made by nurses with advanced clinical skills inthe care of children with oncologic and hematologic disorders, and their families, from the time of diagnosis throughout the treatment period and beyond. The course provides the student with the most recent advances in knowledge about cancer in childhood. While the focus is on oncology, hematologic disorders as well as AIDS will be discussed. Recent methods of treatment and the nursing management of children and their families will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"44277", path:"/courses/44277", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATION", number:"null", id:"36169", path:"/courses/36169", description:"The atomic structure of condensed matter is dependent upon temperature, pressure, thermal history and other variables. In this course, the science of such structural transitions is treated. The topics discussed include introduction to statistical mechanics, theory of nucleation and growth kinetics, solidification, diffusionless solid state transformations, and microscopic theory of phase transition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUG DISCOVERY & DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"35431", path:"/courses/35431", description:"Part A. Intro to Drug Discovery; Overview of Pharmaceutical Industry and Drug Development Costs, Timelines; High Throughput Screening (HTS): Assay Design and Sensitivity Solid Phase Synthesis and Combinatorial Chemistry; Enzyme Kinetics; Fluorescence, Linearity, Inner-filter effect, quenching; Time dynamics of a Michaelis-Menton Reaction; Competitive Inhibitor; FLINT, FRET, TRF, FP, SPA, alpha-screen; Enzyme HTS (protease); Cell based screening; Fura-2 ratio, loading signaling; Gfpcalmodulin-gfp integrated calcium response; Estrogen/ERE-Luc HTS; Problems with cell based screening (toxicity, permeability, nonspecificity); Instrumentation, Robotics/Automation; Z-factor; SAR, Positioning Scanning; Microarray HTS; IC50, % Conversion in HTS and IC50, Assay Optimization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN PALEOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36739", path:"/courses/36739", description:"Following a brief introduction to the study of modern and ancient disease, the course focuses on specific diseases and geographic areas. The literature is surveyed and lecture-discussions cover topics such as tuberculosis, cancer and ancient Egypt, emphasizing the effects of environment and culture on the evolution of disease patterns and health care systems. (This course is a follow up to Anth 158/458, a general introductory course in paleopathology, but 158 is not a prerequisite).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Social Enterprise Models and Social Impact Locally and Globally", number:"null", id:"38661", path:"/courses/38661", description:"If you believe in finding innovative ways to make a difference and solve social issues locally and globally, you you will benefit from the Social Enterprise and Impact Locally and Globally Course (Social Enterprise). Social Enterprise Enterprise is designed for those who have a practitioner's interest in the development, leadership, and management of the evolving nonprofit sector and their intersection with the socially conscious private sector and government. The course takes the student through the process of developing a mock social enterprise including idea exploration, testing and plan execution and provides the student with essential strategies and tools to conduct in-depth analysis of a social enterprise leading to their application to a regional social enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS & CAPSTONE THESIS", number:"null", id:"41207", path:"/courses/41207", description:"First semester of the two semester thesis course; completed during the Fall semester of senior year. The senior thesis provides a capstone intellectual experience for Honors students and Communication and Public Service Program (ComPS) participants. Students conduct a primary research study on a communication related issue over the course of two semesters. Students should consult with and arrange for a faculty supervisor no later than the summer before senior year. Students must also file a designated form and topic statement, approved and signed by the supervising faculty member no later than the first day of class. Required of all students planning to enroll in COMM 495 or COMM 499 in the Spring. All Honors students must have a 3.5 cumulative GPA at the end of junior year for eligibility. See the Annenberg website for complete eligibility requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEACHING METHODS", number:"null", id:"35875", path:"/courses/35875", description:"This course examines major foreign language methodologies, introduces resources available to foreign language teachers, and addresses current issues and concerns of foreign language teaching and learning, such as second language acquisition theory and application of technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC BRAND MGMT", number:"null", id:"44558", path:"/courses/44558", description:"Which brands make you happy? Apple? Amazon? Starbucks? Everlane? Soulcycle? Sweetgreen? What draws you into these brands? How do companies create compelling brand experiences? How could you cultivate a well-loved brand? This course explores such questions with the goal of identifying the ingredients for building an inspired brand. The course is created for students interested in building a brand and/or immersing themselves in the enhancement of an existing brand, and it is comprised of lectures, cases, guest speakers, discussions, in and out of class exercises, and a final project. Broadly, the course will be divided into four parts: 1) Understanding Brand, 2) Crafting Brand, 3) Measuring Brand, and 4) Managing Brand. The course will provide students with an appreciation of the role of branding and (taking a consumer-centric approach) will augment students' ability to think creatively and critically about the strategies and tactics involved in building, leveraging, defending, and sustaining inspired brands.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR EVOLUTION PSYCH: Behavioral Biology of Women", number:"null", id:"44861", path:"/courses/44861", description:"A course that explores female behavior focusing on evolutionary, physiological,and biosocial aspects of women's lives from puberty, through reproductive processes such as pregnancy, birth, lactation to menopause and old age. Examples are drawn from traditional and modern societies and data from nonhuman primates are also considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY HUNGARIAN I", number:"null", id:"41263", path:"/courses/41263", description:"The elementary Hungarian I course focuses on providing reading, writing, listening and reading-comprehension skills on basic level Hungarian. Interactive class activities and authentic Hungarian material will enable students to develop language skills so they could talk about themselves and their families, discuss every day and weekend routines, express likes and dislikes, converse about school and family activities, and get acquainted with Hungarian holidays and cultural traditions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA MINING BUS INTEL: Data Mining for Business Intelligence", number:"null", id:"37722", path:"/courses/37722", description:"The past few years have seen an explosion in the amount of data collected by businesses and have witnessed enabling technologies such as database systems, client-server computing and artificial intelligence reach industrial strength. These trends have spawned a new breed of systems that can support the extraction of useful information from large quantities of data. Understanding the power and limitations of these emerging technologies can provide managers and information systems professionals new approaches to support the task of solving hard business problems. This course will provide an overview of these techniques (such as genetic algorithms, neural networks, and decision trees) and discuss applications such as fraud detection, customer segmentation, trading, marketing strategies and customer support via cases and real datasets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Social Media & Org: Social Media and the Organization", number:"null", id:"38387", path:"/courses/38387", description:"If you don't yet believe in the social media revolution, then watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQzsQkMFgHE Facebook. Twitter. Pinterest. Tumblr. Path. Delicious. Digg. Youtube.Linkedin. It's been less than a decade since many of these social media services have launched, yet they've transformed society in many significant ways. Social Media and the Organization will deepen your understanding of and offer real time practical experience with social media. The course will examine the current trends and use of social media in marketing, product development, customer service, networking and other facets of organizational policy and practice. Students will have hands-on participation online with the class blog, http://upennsocialbook.wordpress.com sharing relevant case studies, analyzing social media campaigns and critiquing their own organization's culture and values surrounding social media including social media policy, staff challenges, and evaluation of challenges and opportunities in its use.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED ECONOMETRICS II", number:"null", id:"43542", path:"/courses/43542", description:"Topics include system estimation with instrumental variables, fixed effects and random effects estimation, M-estimation, nonlinear regression, quantile regression, maximum likelihood estimation, generalized method of moments estimation, minimum distance estimation, and binary and multinomial response models. Both theory and applications will be stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF LAW", number:"null", id:"37742", path:"/courses/37742", description:"This course is an introduction to the Philosophy of law. The central question of the course is this: why have law? Answering that question requires engaging with another question: what is law? We will approach those two questions in a variety of ways throughout the semester. In the first section of the course, we will begin by discussing one important feature of law: its close connection to coercion and punishment. Many have argued that the close relationship between law and coercion creates a demand for justification: what can or does justify law, given that law involves coercion? We will explore answers to that question. We will also consider a more general question: what good is law? (if we didn't have law, why might we want it?) The second section of the course engages with these same issues but in more concrete settings: the areas of criminal law and property law. We will consider what, if anything, is distinctive about those two areas of law, and we will consider whether the purported purpose(s) of law in general that we discuss in the first section make more or less sense when we consider these two specific areas of law. We will also consider distinctive aspects of the sources of law in these two areas of law: democratically enacted statutes, in the case of criminal law; and judge-made common law, in the case of property law. 

The third and final section of the course will consider an unusual and particularly significant kind of law: constitutional law. We will consider the purpose(s) of constitutions, how constitutionalism relates to democracy, and how constitutions ought to be understood and interpreted, in light of our answers to these first two questions. Throughout the course, we will engage with both classic and contemporary work, reading work by Michelle Alexander, Jeremy Bentham, Angela Davis, Ronald Dworkin, John Hart Ely, H.L.A. Hart, Thomas Hobbes, John Locke, John Stuart Mill, Robert Nozick, Martha Nussbaum, Richard Posner, Jeremy Waldron, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECH II", number:"null", id:"39707", path:"/courses/39707", description:"This is an introductory course about Basic Algorithms and Data Structures using the Java programming language. We introduce elementary concepts about the complexity of an algorithm and methods for analyzing the running time of software. We describe data structures like stacks, queues, lists, trees, priority queues, maps, hash tables and graphs, and we discuss how to implement them efficiently and how to use them in problems-solving software. A larger project introducing students to some of the challenges of software development concludes the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF WOMEN AND INFANTS", number:"null", id:"39036", path:"/courses/39036", description:"This course emphasizes the child-bearing cycle, and the related issues of maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. It also explores women and infant's health care and health promotion needs across the lifespan. It provides a global perspective, and uses the United Nations' Pillars of Safe Motherhood and World Health Organization's Millennium Development Goals as the vehicles to enable students to understand the interrelationships among issues of health and health promotion; social, economic, political and environmental contexts; and the care of women across the lifespan. Clinical experiences provide opportunities for students to understand the connections between the local and the global; to use their developing knowledge base to affect the health of women and their infants. Students will have opportunities for hospital-based care of child-bearing women and their infants. In addition, community-based experiences with individual women and with groups of women across the life cycle will be provided in order to enhance teaching, interviewing and assessment skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PSYCHOPHARMACOL", number:"null", id:"43803", path:"/courses/43803", description:"This course examines the history, rationale and putative mechanism of action of drugs used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Emphasis is placed on neurobiological processes underlying psychopathology and pharmacological intervention. Drugs currently in use as well as new drugs in development will be covered. Strategies, techniques, issues and challenges of clinical psychopharmacological research will be addressed and new approaches to drug discovery, including the use of pharmacogenomics and proteomics to understand variability in drug response and identify new molecular drug targets, will be covered in depth. Specific drug classes to be considered include antidepressants, anxiolytics, typical and atypical antipsychotics, narcotic analgesics, sedative hypnotics, and antiepileptic medications. A contrasting theme throughout the course will be the use of drugs as probes to identify neural substrates of behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"42152", path:"/courses/42152", description:"Spanish for Business I provides advanced-level language students with technical vocabulary and communicative skills covering business concepts as they apply to the corporate dynamics of the Spanish-speaking world, with a special emphasis on Latin America. Through readings, presentations, discussions, and video materials, we shall analyze those cultural aspects that characterize the business environment in the region as well as focus on economies and markets in light of their history, politics, resources and pressing international concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABCS EVERYDAY NEUROSC", number:"null", id:"42414", path:"/courses/42414", description:"This course is an opportunity for undergraduates to share their interest and enthusiasm for neuroscience with students in grades 9-12 attending urban public schools in West Philadelphia. The course will allow Penn students to develop their science communication and teaching skills. Students will prepare neuroscience demonstrations, hands-on activities, and assessment tools. In parallel, the course aims to engage local high school students, increasing their interest and knowledge in science, and ultimately promoting lifelong science literacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN STUDIES HONORS", number:"null", id:"45027", path:"/courses/45027", description:"Students in the fall Urban Studies Senior Seminar (URBS400) whose papers are exceptional and show promise for publication will be invited to participate in the spring honors seminar. If they choose to participate, honors seminar participants will revise and refine their research/papers with the goal of their work for publication in an academic journal relevant to the topic. The seminar meets periodically during the semester, structured around a set of assignments geared to facilitate the process of revision. Students will be assigned to read each other's work and meetings take the form of a workshop with students reporting on progress and providing feedback to improve and develop each other's papers. In addition to completing the revised paper for a grade, participants in the honors seminar are required to present their work to a wider Urban Studies audience in a special session at the end of the semester and to provide documentation that they have submitted their papers for publication. Students who successfully complete the honors seminar will graduate with distinction in the major, noted on their transcripts and in the graduation materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"42534", path:"/courses/42534", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE HISTORY & CIV", number:"null", id:"43994", path:"/courses/43994", description:"This seminar introduces students to the graduate-level study of Japan. In addition to getting a broad overview of Japanese culture, students in the course will develop familiarity with major debates in the history of the field of Japanese studies. The course also provides basic training in using primary and secondary sources in Japanese, Japanese bibliographic conventions, and other skills necessary for pursuing advanced research or a teaching career in the field. Open to all graduate students and to undergraduates with permission from the instructor. Familiarity with Japanese language is a plus but is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39816", path:"/courses/39816", description:"The practice of engineering requires more than creativity, diligence, and technical knowledge: it demands the tools to manage the conflicting needs of clients, managers, and the public; an ability to act responsibly when problems arise; and, above all, strong communication skills. This course will examine the major ethical issues associated with engineering practice while enhancing students' technical writing. Through the study of important case studies like the Great Molasses Flood, the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, we will learn about the responsibilities of engineering professionals, as well as the causes and consequences of technological failure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ARTH: ART & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42245", path:"/courses/42245", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Art History, the study of the history and development of the visual arts. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"39988", path:"/courses/39988", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Some are as of financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester, Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM VIETNAMESE I", number:"null", id:"39496", path:"/courses/39496", description:"An introduction to the language of North and South Vietnam. Instruction includes reading, writing, speaking and listening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP", number:"null", id:"43122", path:"/courses/43122", description:"Leaders mobilize resources toward valued goals. In this course, the focus is on growing the student's capacity as a leader in all parts of life. The purpose is to learn practical and customized lessons about how to improve performance and results at work, at home, in the community, and in the private self (mind, body, spirit) by finding mutual value among these four domains. The core idea is that leadership is about making a difference in all aspects of one's life. This course offers students the opportunity to practice the skills needed to do so, now and in the future. Students learn and apply key leadership principles and actively explore what it means for them to be real (to act with authenticity by clarifying what's important), to be whole (to act with integrity by respecting the whole person), and to be innovative (to act with creativity by experimenting with how things get done). Please visit www.totalleadership.org to learn more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPAN/MED PROFS: Advanced Medical Spanish", number:"null", id:"44950", path:"/courses/44950", description:"The goal of this course is to provide advanced practice in Spanish to those students who are interested in pursuing careers in the medical and health care fields. Through readings and authentic materials on contemporary health issues, for example, i.e., H1N1 influenza, comparative healthcare systems, obesity, 'chagas' disease, etc., students will acquire the vocabulary and grammatical structures needed to discuss a wide array of topics pertaining to the health-related professions. Students will also gain awareness of those health care issues affecting the Hispanic/Latino patient. Oral and written presentations will complement topics covered in class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHN INNOV & ENTRSHIP", number:"null", id:"41728", path:"/courses/41728", description:"The focus of this course is on analysis of the issues and options which must be faced in developing a successful technological venture and on the creation of a winning business plan. Particular attention is directed to the identification of technology-based venture opportunities, evaluation of technical feasibility and commercial potential, and planning for successful commercialization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONETICS II", number:"null", id:"38863", path:"/courses/38863", description:"This is a methodology course, which focuses on how to conduct phonetics research using very large speech corpora. Topics include scripting and statistical techniques, automatic phonetic analysis, integration of speech technology in phonetics studies, variation and invariability in large speech corpora, and revisiting classic phonetic and phonological problems from the perspective of corpus phonetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICS-RADIATION THERAP", number:"null", id:"36157", path:"/courses/36157", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJOR SEMINAR ON JAPAN: JAPAN: REALITY/FANTASY", number:"null", id:"39812", path:"/courses/39812", description:"This is a seminar required for all Japanese majors in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilization. Topic varies year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modern Catholic Christianity", number:"null", id:"42073", path:"/courses/42073", description:"At the turn of the twentieth century, Sigmund Freud hypothesized that religion was a dead duck. Many other thinkers of 'modernity' have agreed with his thesis; and yet, over a century later, it is clear that religion is still a forceful presence in human culture. One religious tradition that has survived to the surprise (and even consternation) of some critics, is Roman Catholic Christianity. This Freshman Seminar will look closely at the Catholic Church in the twenty-first century, to explore the ways in which Catholicism has (and has not) adapted to modernity. We will begin with an investigation into the history of Roman Catholicism; how it is defined, and how it developed in relation to politics and culture in the Roman Empire, medieval and early moder Europe, and in the Americas; but most of the semester will focus on the Catholic Church of the past 200 years, especially as it appears in the United States. We will consider the relationship of Catholicism to many aspects of modern life, including science and technology, political systems and leaders, aesthetics (visual arts, music, literature and film), and understandings of gender and sexuality. There will be a mid-term examination and a final paper of 6 to 10 pages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL POL ECON BUS ENVIRN", number:"null", id:"37373", path:"/courses/37373", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"2 DIMENSIONS:FORM/MEANG", number:"null", id:"38015", path:"/courses/38015", description:"This course will introduce students to the theory and practice of image making, focusing on the development of observational skills and analytical thinking. We will look at conventions of artistic representation across time and cultures; discuss types of visual information and modes of formal language; explore visual narrative techniques; and seek to expand our understanding of the role images play in our culture. 

We will look at conventions of pictorial representation across time and cultures; discuss types of visual information and modes of formal language; explore visual narrative techniques; and seek to expand our understanding of the roll images play in our culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MGMT SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43302", path:"/courses/43302", description:"Understanding how to use data and business analytics can be the key differential for a company's success or failure. This course is designed to introduce fundamental quantitative decisionmaking tools for a broad range of managerial decision problems. Topics covered include linear, nonlinear, and discrete optimization, dynamic programming, and simulation. Students will apply these quantitative models in applications of portfolio management, electricity auctions, revenue management for airlines, manufacturing, advertising budget allocation, and healthcare scheduling operations. Emphasis in this course is placed on mathematical modeling of real world problems and implementation of decision making tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS METHODOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35727", path:"/courses/35727", description:"This course covers the methodologies and techniques important to DESIGNING large complex, purposeful systems and to discovering policies that influence them throughout the stages of their lifecycle. The course focuses on hands-on synthetic thinking, where students assemble the big picture from modeling the individual actors, organizations, and artifacts in a socio-technical system of interest. This is the study of emergence of macro-behavior from the micro-decision making of the actors involved - to inquire into the design of a purposeful system, and to examine alternative futures that are ideal, yet affordable, sustainable, and workable. Specifically, the student learns systems theory, systems methodologies (design inquiry/learning systems, idealized design/interactive planning, and soft systems methodology/knowledge management), bottom up modeling (decision science, multi-attribute utility theory, affective reasoning, agent based modeling, simulated societies), and how to further research and apply the synthetic paradigm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"36123", path:"/courses/36123", description:"This is the foundation course in the Entrepreneurial Management program. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth. While most of the examples in class will be drawn from new venture formation, the principles also apply to entrepreneurship in corporate settings and to non-profit entrepreneurship. We will be concerned with content and process questions as well as with formulation and implementation issues that relate to conceptualizing, developing and managing successful new ventures. The emphasis in this course is on applying and synthesizing concepts and techniques from functional areas of strategic management, finance, accounting, managerial economics, marketing, operations management, and organizational behavior in the context of new venture development. The class serves as both a stand alone class and as a preparatory course to those interested in writing and implementing a business plan (the subject of the semester-long course, MGMT 806).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"43928", path:"/courses/43928", description:"An introduction to the problems of computer vision and other forms of machine perception that can be solved using geometrical approaches rather than statistical methods. Emphasis will be placed on both analytical and computational techniques. This course is designed to provide students with an exposure to the fundamental mathematical and algorithmic techniques that are used to tackle challenging image based modeling problems. The subject matter of this course finds application in the fields of Computer Vision, Computer Graphics and Robotics. Some of the topics to be covered include: Projective Geometry, Camera Calibration, Image Formation, Projective, Affine and Euclidean Transformations, Computational Stereopsis, and the recovery of 3D structure from multiple 2D images. This course will also explore various approaches to object recognition that make use of geometric techniques, these would include alignment based methods and techniques that exploit geometric invariants. In the assignments for this course, students will be able to apply the techniques to actual computer vision problems. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY THEORY", number:"null", id:"37059", path:"/courses/37059", description:"This course introduces students to major issues in the history of literary theory, and provides an excellent foundation for the English major or minor. Treating the work of Plato and Aristotle as well as contemporary criticism, we will consider the fundamental issues that arise from representation, making meaning, appropriation and adaptation, categorization and genre, historicity and genealogy, and historicity and temporality. We will consider major movements in the history of theory including the 'New' Criticism of the 1920's and 30's, structuralism and post-structuralism, Marxism and psychoanalysis, feminism, cultural studies, critical race theory, and queer theory. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURES OF SCIENCE&TECH", number:"null", id:"43696", path:"/courses/43696", description:"Science and technology figure centrally in the economic, political, and socio-cultural changes that impact our worlds. Happenings in the life sciences, including the discovery of new genes, pathways, and processes, are redrawing concepts of the body and human nature and refiguring social and political relations. The seminar starts from the premise that scientific facts are made, not things existing a priori in the world and that are merely picked up by researchers and consumed by lay audiences. Likewise, technologies are created through a process of intense negotiation between producers and their sophisticated users. Focusing on the biosciences, we explore the production of science and technology and how they 1)affect individuals, self-identities, subjectivity, kinship, and social relationships; 2)have interacted with or reinforced political programs, racial classifications, unequal access to knowledge, and patterns of social injustice; 3)inform contemporary institutional structures, strategies of governance, and practices of citizenship. We will combine methods and perspectives from social and cultural anthropology, and the social studies of science and technology, and will draw from historical case studies, contemporary ethnographies of science, scientific and medical journals,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED EARTH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"37252", path:"/courses/37252", description:"An examination of Earth's physical system--from core to atmosphere--from a broad, interlocking, high-level perspective, emphasizing fundamental patterns and processes, and de-emphasizing classification and terminology. The course will also touch on some of the interactions between physical and biological systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR CAPSTONE SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"36733", path:"/courses/36733", description:"ANTH 300 is a Capstone Seminar for anthropology majors in their senior year. It defines the Penn anthropology major by bringing together and inter-relating major threads from the different subfields of the Penn anthropology curriculum. Each session includes contributions from members of the standing faculty and seminar discussions of a research theme in which anthropological knowledge is currently progressing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38378", path:"/courses/38378", description:"This introductory course examines the multi-disciplinary science of law-making, law-breaking, and law-enforcing. It reviews theories and data predicting where, when, by whom and against whom crimes happen. It also addresses the prevention of different offense types by different kinds of offenders against different kinds of people. Police, courts, prisons, and other institutions are critically examined as both preventing and causing crime. This course meets the general distribution requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROFICIENCY II", number:"null", id:"38809", path:"/courses/38809", description:"This course is for students with an advanced-low or advanced-mid background in Japanese, aiming to strengthen the four language skills (speaking, reading, writing, and listening) and to deepen their understanding of Japanese culture. The class will use authentic Japanese through media, such as newspapers, television, and articles, regarding Japanese culture and society as well as current news. Students will narrate, describe, and express their opinions with details, examples, and strong reasoning, using sophisticated terms and phrases related such topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"35824", path:"/courses/35824", description:"This content-based language course, taught in French, introduces economic, business and professional terminology through the study of the following topics: financial institutions (banking, stock market and insurance); business practices (business letters and resumes); trade and advertising; the internal structure and legal forms of French companies. The course also emphasizes verbal communication through three components: 1) In-class activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions and debates. 2)The study of authentic materials such as newspapers and magazines' articles, video clips, and radio shows. 3) A series of students' presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSYC: MORALITY IN BABIES", number:"null", id:"40817", path:"/courses/40817", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Psychology, the study of the human mind, its functions, and its behaviors. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS OF HEALTH CARE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"41842", path:"/courses/41842", description:"The theoretical foundations of health care ethics including definitions of ethics, history of bioethics and nursing ethics, and the influence of religion,psychology of moral development and philosophy in the development of ethical theory. Nursing code of ethics, changing ideas in ethics, and discussion of the developing profession of nursing are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDIES IN LADINO", number:"null", id:"44388", path:"/courses/44388", description:"The course will begin with and historical introduction to Sephardic Jewry. It will discuss the history and language of the Jews in Spain prior to their expulsion in 1492 and follow up with their history in the Ottoman Empire. It will then introduce the students to the phonology of the language both in a descriptive and historical perspective. There will also be discussion of the contrast with Castillian Spanish. After a discussion of the grammar, there will be lessons designed to teach the students conversational Judeo-Spanish, using dialogs, pictures, videos, music, visits with native speakers and other interactive methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION II: MIDWIFERY INTEGRATION", number:"null", id:"41907", path:"/courses/41907", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on intrapartum, postpartum, and newborn care. Clinical practice during the intrapartum and postpartum, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY, HEALTH, AND SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"36280", path:"/courses/36280", description:"This course explores the impact of historical ideas, events, and actors on current issues in health and illness care. Topics include the movement from hospitals to health care systems; the changing definitions of professionalism and professional practice patterns; and the ways historical context shapes definitions of leadership roles and theoretical knowledge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY BASED ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"42732", path:"/courses/42732", description:"From the fall of the Roman Empire to Love Canal to the epidemics of asthma, childhood obesity and lead poisoning in West Philadelphia, the impact of the environment on health has been a continuous challenge to society. The environment can affect people's health more strongly than biological factors, medical care and lifestyle. The water we drink, the food we eat, the air we breathe, and the neighborhood we live in are all components of the environment that impact our health. Some estimates, based on morbidity and mortality statistics, indicate that the impact of the environment on health is as high as 80%. These impacts are particularly significant in urban areas like West Philadelphia. Over the last 20 years, the field of environmental health has matured and expanded to become one of the most comprehensive and humanly relevant disciplines in science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"39441", path:"/courses/39441", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN GLOBAL ART: Print Culture in Global Context", number:"null", id:"40978", path:"/courses/40978", description:"Fall 2017: What is printing and how and why did it have such an impact around the world? The answers to these questions may seem at first glance to be obvious, but closer investigation of the history of print and print culture in a global context demonstrates that the pursuit of replicating text and images was more complicated as well as culturally specific. In this course, we will begin by looking at the earliest forms of printing in materials such as stamped tomb tiles and wax cylinders. The pursuit of woodblock printing in East Asia from the 9th century, the advent of the printing press in Europe during the mid-fifteenth century, and diverse media of printing, including woodcut, engraving, etching, serigraph, and lithography, are also topics under consideration. We will give close attention to two fields of print culture-- Northern Europe from the 15th through the 17thcenturies and Japan from the 17th through the 19th centuries-to investigate the ways that early modern collaborators used print to reach a broader audience and how artists employed a variety of processes to expand the potential of the medium. Students will be encouraged to pursue their own topics beyond the scope of the course to engage other contexts from around the globe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM COMP & INF SCI", number:"null", id:"42543", path:"/courses/42543", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce undergraduate students in computer computer science and engineering to quantum computers (QC) and quantum information science (QIS). This course is meant primarly for juniors and seniors in Computer Science. No prior knowledge of quantum mechanics (QM) is assumed. Enrollment is by permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"40740", path:"/courses/40740", description:"Decision theory and statistical optimality criteria, sufficiency, point estimation and hypothesis testing methods and theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS ADVANCED JAPANES II", number:"null", id:"44387", path:"/courses/44387", description:"Readings in advanced literary and journalistic texts written in modern Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESTIMATION & DETEC THRY", number:"null", id:"44137", path:"/courses/44137", description:"Statistical decision making constitutes the core of multiple engineering systems like communication, networking, signal processing, control, market dynamics, biological systems, data processing, etc. We strive to introduce mathematical theories that formulate statistical decision and obtain decision making algorithms with application to one or more of the above domains. This course will be offered every other year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"40460", path:"/courses/40460", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of children in a variety of ambulatory settings. Opportunity to implement the role of nurse practitioner with children and their families in the community occurs under the guidance of faculty and experienced preceptors. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Collaborative, interdisciplinary practice is emphasized as students assess and manage common problems in consultation with an appropriate provider of care. 20 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor is arranged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41087", path:"/courses/41087", description:"A basic laboratory course in which both the theoretical and practical aspects of a variety of organic reactions and multistep syntheses are emphasized. Modern chromatographic, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques are applied to experimental organic chemistry. Course should be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 (or 243) or in the semester immediately following.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMB ANAL & GRAPH THRY", number:"null", id:"37484", path:"/courses/37484", description:"Generating functions, enumeration methods, Polya's theorem, combinatorial designs, discrete probability, extremal graphs, graph algorithms and spectral graph theory, combinatorial and computational geometry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICS FOR RESEARCH AND MEASUREMENT", number:"null", id:"37634", path:"/courses/37634", description:"This course examines statistical methods used by scientists in the analysis of research data. The fundamental theorem for this course is the 'square root law' (central limit theorem). Students become literate in statistical terminology and symbols and knowledgeable of assumptions for statistical tests. Fundamental statistics include basic theorems and principles, sample, population and data distributions, measures of central tendency, correlational techniques, and commonly used parametric and nonparametric statistical tests. Parameters for inferential and descriptive statistics are examined as the basis for explaining the results from research studies. Students apply chance models in estimating confidence intervals of percentages and means, and in hypothesis testing. This content is taught in the context of nursing research and measurement of nursing phenomena. Examination of research publications enable students to apply their knowledge to reading and understanding data analyses used in studies. Students evaluate tables and graphs as ways to summarize research findings. Course content prepares students to examine statistical and clinical significance of research findings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED ELEM RUSSIAN", number:"null", id:"44892", path:"/courses/44892", description:"TWO IN ONE: This is an intensive two-credit course covering two semesters of the first-year sequence (RUSS001 and 002). The course is designed for students with no background in Russian and develops language competence in speaking, reading, writing and understanding contemporary Russian. Class work emphasizes development of communication skills and cultural awareness. Together with RUSS003 and 004 fulfills Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"40006", path:"/courses/40006", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"45308", path:"/courses/45308", description:"The continuation of Spanish 110, Spanish 120 is a second-semester elementary language course. See the description of Spanish 110.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"44452", path:"/courses/44452", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC INNOV & SOC ENTRPRSE", number:"null", id:"37518", path:"/courses/37518", description:"This course introduces you to the world of social enterprise, a world that is becoming increasingly important as society experiments with a variety of business and organizational models designed to provide products and services with a strong social impact mission behind them and as you and others search for ways to develop careers that have greater personal and social meaning. The organizations we will examine may be nominally 'for-profit', 'not-for-profit' or NGOs, but what they share is commitment both to a social impact mission and to a set of disciplined, sophisticated financial and management practices. They are led by individuals who themselves are both committed to the mission of the enterprise and who recognize the importance of demonstrably effective business models. And in the mix is the role of innovation, of developing new approaches, new models, and/or new technologies in service of better realizing the social mission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"42484", path:"/courses/42484", description:"Continuation of CHEM 221. Principles and applications of thermodynamics, and a molecular-based understanding of macroscopic properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUFISM IN URDU POETRY", number:"null", id:"36627", path:"/courses/36627", description:"Topics vary by semester in advanced level Urdu.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVRNMTL SUS&VAL CRTN", number:"null", id:"36316", path:"/courses/36316", description:"This course approaches environmental issues, and sustainable development more largely, from the standpoint of business. It emphasizes the trends in corporate practices and uses case studies to examine the interactions between the environment and the firm. Value creation focuses on new innovative services and financial products in this fast growing sphere. This course has three objectives: to increase your knowledge as future top decision makers on key environmental questions; to recognize environmental concerns as competitive opportunities; to teach students to think strategically and act entrepreneurially on environmental issues. You will leave the class with a tool-kit for action.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modeling Geographic Objects", number:"null", id:"37123", path:"/courses/37123", description:"This course offers a broad and practical introduction to the acquisition, storage, retrieval, maintenance, use, and presentation of digital cartographic data with both image and drawing based geographic information systems (GIS) for a variety of environmental science, planning, and management applications. Its major objectives are to provide the training necessary to make productive use of at least two well known software packages, and to establish the conceptual foundation on which to build further skills and knowledge in late practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING KANNADA II", number:"null", id:"39301", path:"/courses/39301", description:"This is a systematic introduction to the Kannada language and culture for beginners. The course aims at developing listening and comprehension and a real life interactive speaking ability in a variety of everyday topics. The Kannada script is introduced from the beginning and the language is presented in its socio-cultural context for achieving a meaningful and operational control of the language. Students acquire basic rules for structural and socio-cultural appropriateness. Students learn vocabulary related to a variety of topics during the semester. Class activities include watching videos, role-playing, language games and group work. Evaluation is based on class participation, performance in quizzes and tests and completed assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NARRATIVE MATTERS IN HEALTH AND ILLNESS EXPERIENCES", number:"null", id:"43219", path:"/courses/43219", description:"This course emphasizes the uses of narrative and memoir to consider major themes and events related to the experience of health and illness in the United States as well as the carative role, as either family member or health professional and crafting policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"41879", path:"/courses/41879", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37515", path:"/courses/37515", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of the future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"A WORLD AT WAR", number:"null", id:"35946", path:"/courses/35946", description:"This course will examine the diplomatic origins, military course and domestic implications of World War II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Glorious 'What If?': Writing Speculative Fiction", number:"null", id:"39891", path:"/courses/39891", description:"See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE LEARNING", number:"null", id:"39735", path:"/courses/39735", description:"This course covers the foundations of statistical machine learning. The focus is on probabilistic and statistical methods for prediction and clustering in high dimensions. Topics covered include SVMs and logistic regression, PCA and dimensionality reduction, and EM and Hidden Markov Models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STRATIFICATION", number:"null", id:"36507", path:"/courses/36507", description:"In this course we study the current levels and historical trends of inequality in the United States especially in cross-national comparative perspective. We discuss causes and consequences of inequality as well as various policy efforts to deal with inequality. Topics include intergenerational social mobility, income inequality, education, gender, race and ethnicity among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"41084", path:"/courses/41084", description:"Introductory quantum mechanics, atomic and molecular structure, chemical bonding, and microscopic understanding of physical and chemical properties of molecules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT TOPICS IN NUTRITION: NUTRITIONAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"40436", path:"/courses/40436", description:"The objective of the course is to integrate the nutrition knowledge obtained from previous course work in nutrition and provide the student the opportunity to explore, analyze and formulate implications of the research and related literature on a self-selected topic under the guidance of the faculty coordinator. Current topics and controversies in nutrition will be discussed weekly. Readings will be assigned in coordination with each discussion topic and students will be required to seek out other sources of information to add to the class discussion. Topics will change from year to year to reflect the most recent interests and issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STORYTELLING IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"36683", path:"/courses/36683", description:"The course focuses on oral narrative performance, sung and spoken, in both rural and urban communities of sub-Saharan Africa. Topics include storytellers' rhetorical skills, social positions, and life histories, audiences' engagement and evaluaiton of good performance; and processes of significant interpretation. Issues related to representation and translation are raised as written texts, even transcribed verbatim, are pale shadows of the vibrant, emergent performances in which storytellers emply gestural, facial, musical, spatial, and paralinguistic devices. Further, the course considers influences of oral storytelling on written literature, popular theater, and cinema in Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERF. ARTS CRITICISM: ART REVIEWING/CRITICISM", number:"null", id:"38462", path:"/courses/38462", description:"A creative writing workshop that engages visual, performance, multimedia, installation, and other forms of art and artistic practices. Offerings may include Across Forms: Making Art and Writing, Art Reviewing and Criticism, or other topics and themes. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRANCE & THE EUROP.UNION", number:"null", id:"37236", path:"/courses/37236", description:"This course aims to provide an understanding of the European Union as a complex entity: its history, institutions, challenges and future. After reviewing the history of European integration and describing the Community's institutions, common programs and market, we will consider a wide variety of themes important to Europe: economics, business, science, education, immigration, the environment, social issues, national and European identity, a Federal Europe vs. a Europe of nations, European social/cultural models vs. American liberalism, relations between the EU and the rest of the world. Students will be responsible for pursuing substantive research on these and other topics and participating actively in debates. We will also follow and discuss current events that are pertinent to the EU in general and to France in particular. 

This class will be conducted entirely in French and is designed to improve cross-cultural understanding and communicative skills in the presentational, interpretive and interpersonal modes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CYBERCULTURE", number:"null", id:"39380", path:"/courses/39380", description:"Computers and the internet have beome critical parts of our lives and culture. In this course, we will explore how people use these new technologies to develop new conceptions of identify, build virtual communities and affect political change. Each week we'll see what we can learn by thinking about the internet in a different way, focusing successively on hackers, virtuality, community, sovreignty, interfaces, algorithms and infrastructure. We'll read books, articles, and blogs about historical and contemporary cultures of computing, from Spacewar players and phone phreaks in the 1970s to Google, Facebook, World of Warcraft, WikiLeaks, and Anonymous today. In addition, we'll explore some of these online communities and projects ourselves and develop our own analyses of them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43690", path:"/courses/43690", description:"The course looks at varieties of human expression -- such as art, film, language and song -- as communicative practices that connect persons together to form a common culture. Discussion is centered around particular case studies and ethnographic examples. Examination of communicative practices in terms of the types of expressive signs they employ, their capacity to formulate and transmit cultural beliefs and ideals (such as conceptions of politics, nature, and self), and to define the size and characteristics of groups and communities sharing such ideals. Discussion of the role of media, social institutions, and technologies of communication (print, electronic). Emphasis on contemporary communicative practices and the forms of culture that emerge in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURIAL MKTG", number:"null", id:"40346", path:"/courses/40346", description:"This course focuses on the key marketing concepts and methods relevant for entrepreneurs. In particular, it covers the marketing elements of new venture initiation (including a business plan), as well as marketing decisions for small and growing organizations. Topics include product/service design, assessment of market potential, creation of successful distribution relationships, and new product pricing. In contrast to the product development course, the emphasis here is on a new startup business rather than a new offering from an existing business. Topics covered in this course also include low-budget or no-budget market research, successful strategic alternatives for small business, alternatives to high-cost advertising (e.g., direct marketing, alternative media and personal selling), segmentation, and targeted marketing. Students will prepare a marketing plan for an entrepreneurial organization of their choice, possibly for a new venture they are considering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE III", number:"null", id:"45243", path:"/courses/45243", description:"This didactic course examines issues related to the epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acute, critical and complex chronically ill adults across the adult-older adult age continuum. Students explore the dynamic interplay between the pathophysiologic basis of disease and the psychosocial and socio-cultural responses to illness and injury across the adult age continuum as they develop clinical decision-making skills. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized. Content focuses on special adult and older adult patient populations with commonly encountered health problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"41449", path:"/courses/41449", description:"French 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The French Novel of the 20th Century", number:"null", id:"37238", path:"/courses/37238", description:"Please check the French department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO OPS & INFO MGMT: Introduction to Operations and Information Management", number:"null", id:"39113", path:"/courses/39113", description:"OIDD 101 explores a variety of common quantitative modeling problems that arise frequently in business settings, and discusses how they can be formally modeled and solved with a combination of business insight and computer-based tools. The key topics covered include capacity management, service operations, inventory control, structured decision making, constrained optimization and simulation. This course teaches how to model complex business situations and how to master tools to improve business performance. The goal is to provide a set of foundational skills useful for future coursework atWharton as well as providing an overview of problems and techniques that characterize disciplines that comprise Operations and Information Management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR GRAM & COMP", number:"null", id:"38642", path:"/courses/38642", description:"Intensive review of grammar integrated into writing practice. A good knowledge of basic French grammar is a prerequisite (French 202 or equivalent is recommended). Conducted entirely in French, the course will study selected grammatical difficulties of the French verbal and nominal systems including colloquial usage. Frequent oral and written assignments with opportunity for rewrites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"35805", path:"/courses/35805", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLUID MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"36849", path:"/courses/36849", description:"This course is designed for students to understand the fundamental characteristics of fluids. We will develop, starting from first principles, the basic equations for fluid statics, and use them to assess buoyancy forces and determine the pressure variations in fluids with rigid body rotation. Students will understand in detail the basic types of fluid flow line patterns (eg. streamlines and streamtubes) and the different types of interchangeable energy forms (eg. kinetic, potential, and pressure). It is also important to develop, starting from first principles, the formulations for inviscid and viscous flow problems. These include the discussion of a control system and system boundaries, the detailed construction of conservations equations of mass, energy, and momentum for Newtonian fluids, the derivation of the Navier-Stokes equations, and the determination of appropriate initial and boundary conditions. A final objective of the course is to solve various fluid mechanics problems using control systems, dimensional analysis, and developed equations. Such problems include, but are not limited to, the terminal velocity of a falling sphere, Stokes flow, the relation between the friction factor and the Reynolds number, and flow profiles in numerous geometries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"37464", path:"/courses/37464", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying real and complex numbers, sequences, series, continuity, differentiability and integrability. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOL SELF ANTIQ CONT BIO: The Evolving Self from Antiquity to Contemporary Biology", number:"null", id:"42981", path:"/courses/42981", description:"This course will examine ideas about human nature by considering the human being as an organism. Questions of what counts as life will unfold from a close scrutiny of the idea of agency. We will work through five main avenues: Agency & Causes, Genetic Self, Evolutionary Self, Ecological Self, and the Ethical Self. In each investigation we will pair ancient Greek ideas with those from contemporary philosophy of biology. The pairing will aim, to some extent, to expand our historical understanding of how such ideas change over time, and to a greater extent, to sharpen our own understanding of human nature itself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL IMPACT & RESP", number:"null", id:"43043", path:"/courses/43043", description:"What role can business play in helping to meet global societal needs, whether it involves the environment, improving health, expanding education or eradicating poverty? Is there any responsibility on the part of business to help meet those needs? What are models of successful business engagement in this area? How should success be measured? Are there limits to what businesses can and should do, and what institutional changes will enable businesses and entrepreneurs to better succeed?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM CLASSICAL GREEK II", number:"null", id:"35858", path:"/courses/35858", description:"Students complete their study of the morphology and syntax of Classical Greek. We begin the semester with continuing exercises in grammar and translation, then gradually shift emphasis to reading unadapted Greek texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG VARIATION & CHANGE", number:"null", id:"38861", path:"/courses/38861", description:"Speech communities as a focus for the understanding of language evolution and change: language variation in time and space. The relationship between language structure and language use; between language change and social change. Populations as differentiated by age, sex, social class, race, and ethnicity, and the relationship of these factors to linguistic differentiation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI & RELIG GLOBAL PERSP", number:"null", id:"37968", path:"/courses/37968", description:"This survey course provides a thematic overview of science and religion from antiquity to the present. We will treat well-known historical episodes, such as the emergence of Muslim theology, the Galileo Affair and Darwinism, but also look beyond them. This course is designed to cover all major faith traditions across the globe as well as non-traditional belief systems such as the New Age movement and modern Atheism", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF BIOCHEM", number:"null", id:"41036", path:"/courses/41036", description:"Intermediate level course covering principles of modern biochemistry. Topics include protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanisms, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. Emphasis will be on biochemical problem solving, experimental design, and application of quantitative methods in a biological and clinical context. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONFLICT & CONFORMITY IN POSTWAR AMERICA: 1945-1963", number:"null", id:"37341", path:"/courses/37341", description:"This course will survey the major developments in the two decades following the end of World War II, a fascinating yet misunderstood era when Americans simultaneously enjoyed unprecedented prosperity but grappled with a rapidly evolving domestic landscape fraught with new insecurities. Among the topics covered will be the Cold War, the Civil Rights movement, McCarthyism, suburbia, and the changing role of women. We will also examine other significant aspects of American life during this era, including comic books, the rock & roll revolution, and the rise of television. Requirements will include a midterm, final, one paper, and several short homework assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTIVARIATE ANALY: THEO", number:"null", id:"37961", path:"/courses/37961", description:"This is a course that prepares PhD students in statistics for research in multivariate statistics and high dimensional statistical inference. Topics from classical multivariate statistics include the multivariate normal distribution and the Wishart distribution; estimation and hypothesis testing of mean vectors and covariance matrices; principal component analysis, canonical correlation analysis and discriminant analysis; etc. Topics from modern multivariate statistics include the Marcenko-Pastur law, the Tracy-Widom law, nonparametric estimation and hypothesis testing of high-dimensional covariance matrices, high-dimensional principal component analysis, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"45234", path:"/courses/45234", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice. Please note, the online version of this course has a synchronous component (live online class sessions). The day/time will be listed in the course register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEM OF THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"43852", path:"/courses/43852", description:"The course aims to teach chemical content and principles in the context of significant environmental issues. Topics to be covered include: composition of the atmosphere; protecting the ozone layer; chemistry of global warming; traditional hydrocarbon fuels and energy utilization; water supply, its contaminants, and waste water treatment; acid rain; nuclear energy; and new energy sources. Students will develop critical thinking ability, competence to better assess risks and benefits, and skills that will lead them to be able to make informed decisions about technology-based matters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO NANOSCALE MATL", number:"null", id:"44563", path:"/courses/44563", description:"The purpose of this course is: 1) to introduce key concepts underlying the design, properties and processing of functional materials and their applications, and 2) to apply these concepts in the rapidly growing field of nanomaterials and nanotechnology. Fundamental chemical and physical principles underlying electronic, dielectric, optical and magnetic properties will be developed in the context of metals, semiconductors, insulators, crystals, glasses, polymers and ceramics. Miniaturization and the nanotechnology revolution confronts materials science with challenges and opportunities. Examples in which nanoscale materials exhibit qualitatively different properties compared to bulk will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENOMICS &BIOINFORMATICS", number:"null", id:"45289", path:"/courses/45289", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN AMERICAN CULTURE", number:"null", id:"37323", path:"/courses/37323", description:"Through the twentieth century, American culture took on new forms and meanings, spurred by technological innovation, commerce, and institutions, and shaped by an ever-changing population. In the process, American culture became self-consciously 'modern'-embraced, contested, repudiated, and continually redefined. This course explores the history of American culture from the 1890s to the 1990s, with a focus on the following questions: Why did culture become such an important part of American economic, social, and political life in the twentieth century? How has culture been created, understood, and mobilized by different groups in American society at different times? What have been the politics of culture over the twentieth century? Topics include the rise of 'culture industries' and mass entertainment, including amusement parks, film, radio, and television; the growth of consumer culture; the impact of gender in such arenas as sports and fashion; the role of working-class peoples, African Americans, and immigrants in American culture; the cultural response to the Depression and World War II; and popular activism. The course emphasizes the study of primary documents-journalism, fiction, letters and diaries, music, photographs, and film-as a means of understanding the past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN STUDIES HONORS", number:"null", id:"36616", path:"/courses/36616", description:"Students in the fall Urban Studies Senior Seminar (URBS400) whose papers are exceptional and show promise for publication will be invited to participate in the spring honors seminar. If they choose to participate, honors seminar participants will revise and refine their research/papers with the goal of their work for publication in an academic journal relevant to the topic. The seminar meets periodically during the semester, structured around a set of assignments geared to facilitate the process of revision. Students will be assigned to read each other's work and meetings take the form of a workshop with students reporting on progress and providing feedback to improve and develop each other's papers. In addition to completing the revised paper for a grade, participants in the honors seminar are required to present their work to a wider Urban Studies audience in a special session at the end of the semester and to provide documentation that they have submitted their papers for publication. Students who successfully complete the Honors Seminar will graduate with distinction in the major, noted on their transcripts and in the graduation materials", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: ART OF ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"39450", path:"/courses/39450", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WATERS, ROADS AND WIRES", number:"null", id:"44985", path:"/courses/44985", description:"This course studies infrastructures: how and why they develop, how they are maintained, how they reshape environments, and how they interconnect with other infrastructures. We begin by reading about infrastructure and about large technological systems, then explore some specific American structures. Possible topics: the electrical grid, the interstate highway system, hydroelectric dams, Amtrak, urban mass transit systems, disasters and infrastructure (Katrina, Harvey, etc.). As the semester progresses, students will spend more time in class on individual research topics of their choice, and in working groups producing a group project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35403", path:"/courses/35403", description:"A view of how an animal embryo is specified to develop and differentiate into a wide spectrum of cell types, and how the spatial patterns and axes of embyros are determined. The course will focus on genetic and molecular approaches, but will also cover the comparative anatomy of developing embryos to the extent necessary to understand the conserved aspects of embryonic patterning. Special emphasis will be placed on organisms with particular advantages for the study of embryonic development: e.g., mouse, frog, zebrafish, and Drosophila. The first half of the course will cover cell fate restrictions, cloning animals using nuclear transfer, stem cell biology, formation of the embryonic axes in vertebrates and Drosophila, and patterning of the neural tube and mesodermal tissues. The second half of the course will focus on emerging ideas and findings in the field, with emphasis on analysis of original literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FREN:ACCELERATD", number:"null", id:"38636", path:"/courses/38636", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the intermediate year. See descriptions of French 130 and 140. Students must have a departmental permit to register. Also offered in the summer Penn-in-Tours program in France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYN & PHASE TRANSF", number:"null", id:"37581", path:"/courses/37581", description:"Fundamental elements of engineering thermodynamics, statistical thermodynamics and materials thermodynamics. Covers thermodynamic functions, stability, phase transitions, mixtures (gases, condensed matter, polymer solution), defects and interfaces. Applications to energy problems (engines, efficiency, power, electrochemical cells), properties (constitutive equations, equation of states), phase diagrams and predominance diagrams.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECIAL TOPICS: Open-Source Software Development", number:"null", id:"35504", path:"/courses/35504", description:"Visit the CIS department website for descriptions of available Special Topics classes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"40494", path:"/courses/40494", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Marketing for Social Impact", number:"null", id:"37558", path:"/courses/37558", description:"Private and public sector firms increasingly use marketing strategies to engage their customers and stakeholders around social impact. To do so, managers need to understand how best to engage and influence customers to behave in ways that have positive social effects. This course focuses on the strategies for changing the behavior of a target segment of consumers on key issues in the public interest (e.g., health behaviors, energy efficiency, poverty reduction, fund-raising for social causes). How managers partner with organizations (e.g., non-profits, government) to achieve social impact will also be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO JAPANESE CIVIL", number:"null", id:"43978", path:"/courses/43978", description:"Survey of the civilization of Japan from prehistoric times to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERF&DES OF UAVS", number:"null", id:"38910", path:"/courses/38910", description:"This course covers the application of classical aircraft performance and design concepts to fixed-wing and rotary-wing Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). A survey of the latest developments in UAV technology will be used to motivate the development of quantitative mission requirements, such as payload, range, endurance, field length, and detectability. The implications of these requirements on vehicle configuration and sizing and will be revealed through application of the fundamentals of aerodynamics and propulsion systems. The course will also cover basic flight dynamics and control, including typical inner-loop feedback applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"35862", path:"/courses/35862", description:"Designed for the beginning student with no previous knowledge of German. German 101, as the first course in the first-year series, focuses on the development of language competence in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in simple conversations about familiar things, know greetings and everyday expressions, they will be ble to count and tell time, and negate sentences in day-to-day contexts. Furthermore, students will be able to speak about events that happened in the immediate past and express plans for the future. In addition, students will have developed reading strategies that allow them to glean information from simple newspaper and magazine articles and short literary texts. Because cultural knowledge is one of the foci of German 101, students will learn much about practical life in Germany and will explore German-speaking cultures on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SSF REGIONAL SEMINAR: Semester in San Francisco Regional Seminar", number:"null", id:"40508", path:"/courses/40508", description:"As part of the Wharton Semester in San Francisco (SSF) program, this course is designed to (i) provide integrative material that emphasizes links between finance, marketing, product design, negotiations, and other themes in the SSF academic curriculum; (ii) link classroom theories and principles to actual practice by reflecting on the academic literature and (iii) highlight the unique characteristics of, and the programs proximity to, the Bay Area economy. All students participating in the SSF are required to register for this Regional Seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOTECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39641", path:"/courses/39641", description:"The goal of this course is to teach you the fundamentals of biotechnology and introduce you to concepts in Chemical Engineering along the way. Concepts in Biotechnology that will be covered include, DNA, RNA, the Central Dogma, proteins, recombinant technology, RNA silencing, electrophoresis, chromatography, synthetic biology, pull down assays, PCR, hybridization, array technology, DNA machines, DNA sequencing, and forensics. Concepts in Chemical Engineering that will be covered include the mass balance, scaling laws and the Buckingham-Pi theorem, kinetics of enzyme reactions, thermodynamics of molecular binding, the Langmuir isotherm, separations via chromatography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATLS MANUF FOR MECH DES", number:"null", id:"43102", path:"/courses/43102", description:"The selection of materials and manufacturing processes are critical in the design of mechanical systems. Material properties and manufacturing processes are often tightly linked, thus this course covers both topics in an integrated manner. The properties and manufacturing processes for a wide range of materials (i.e., metals, ceramics, polymers, composites ) are examined from both a fundamental and practical perspective. From a materials standpoint, the course focuses on mechanical properties, including modulus, strength, fracture, fatigue, wear, and creep. Established and emerging manufacturing processes will be discussed. Design-based case studies are used to illustrate the selection of materials and processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GOVERNMENT RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"41474", path:"/courses/41474", description:"In a system of representative government, organizations and individuals with interests at stake often seek the support of a governement relations professional. This course addresses government relations from the varying perspectives of the current or aspiring professional, the client, and the government official. It is designed to provide the students with an introduction to government affairs and lobbying at the local, state, and federal levels of governement and to illustrate how lobbying and the lobbyists shape and affect public policy. The course is not designed as a how-to in lobbying, but, rather, it is designed to expose students to lobbying and, more importantly, the lobbying process. To that end, students will draw on many disciplines, such as psychology, law, history, political science, urban affairs, economics, foreign policy, domestic policy, and others, to understand the complex mosaic of the lobbying and legislative processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BOTANIC EMPIRE: Plants and Colonialism 1700 to 1950", number:"null", id:"41594", path:"/courses/41594", description:"Tea, rubber, cinchona, sugar and myriad other plants that have and continue to shape our contemporary world have been moved, altered and exploited by modern empires. With the rise of new forms of Biopiracy, older connections between plants and imperialism are being rethought not just academically but in multiple new practical, commercial and political arenas. Looking back from this contemporary vantage point, this course will explore the sites, sciences and instruments through which plants and empire came to be so intimately entangled. Topics shall range from the histories of botanic gardens to botanic illustrations and agricultural experimental stations to botanic horror fiction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARTS: APPLIED ETHNOGRPHY: Public Arts, Liberal Arts: Moved to Learn-Embodied Cognition & the Arts of", number:"null", id:"35816", path:"/courses/35816", description:"Museums, mural arts, mummers on Moyamenssing, skateboarding at Love Park, Fifty-Second Street, vendors, The Arts Garage and local arts spaces. These can be seen as places our communities come together to tell themselves about themselves. But who is telling these stories, from which vantage points, and at what costs and benefits to various communities? We explore how scholarship-at its best and most effective-transcends and transgresses boundaries between academic and public spaces, to create a broader arena for intellectural exchangeand cross-cultural dialogue. this course thus positions itself at the intersection local arts and public culture and of community studies and applied social science to inspire a dialogue and inquiry. Class-members jointly explore the many ways in which cultural research, traditional arts, and community studies are brought to public audiences. In particular, we will discuss how modern public scholars can work to reconcile the ideas and ideals so often discussed in the academy which practice in the community. Our class will engage in critical assessment of both cultural and programming and civically engaged scholarship, with an eye toward developing a more politically aware practice and more collaborative, community-sensitive models for action.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"41525", path:"/courses/41525", description:"Successful medical devices are an amalgamation of creative and innovative thinking, clinical expertise, and engineering know-how that endures intense regulatory and reimbursement scrutiny. This course will provide a foundation for understanding the nuances of the medical device industry. It will cover topics ranging from device design and discovery, regulatory issues, marketing, reimbursement, management, and strategy. Classroom activities will be supplemented with optional tours of hospitals, research and manufacturing facilities, and hands-on demonstrations of devices. Though the course is intended primarily for MBA students, it will be open to medical and engineering students as well as to hospital house staff.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN PRAC: FAMILY FOCUSED PRIMARY CARE OF THE MIDDLE AGED AND OLDER ADULT", number:"null", id:"39088", path:"/courses/39088", description:"The focus of this course is the evaluation and management of primary care problems in middle-aged and older adults. Students will have an opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner in the clinical setting. Interdisciplinary collaborative experiences will be essential to the clinical practicum. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals, groups and families is stressed. Students are expected to assess and manage common chronic health problems in the clinical setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"38043", path:"/courses/38043", description:"The first part of the course presents alternative methods of preparing managerial accounting information, and the remainder of the course examines how these methods are used by companies. Managerial accounting is a company's internal language, and is used for decision-making, production management, product design and pricing and for motivating and evaluating employees. Unless you understand managerial accounting, you cannot have a thorough understanding of a company's internal operations. What you learn in this course will help you understand the operations of your future employer (and enable you to be more successful at your job), and help you understand other companies you encounter in your role as competitor, consultant, or investor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"37455", path:"/courses/37455", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL TIME EMBEDDED SYS", number:"null", id:"37147", path:"/courses/37147", description:"The use of distributed wireless sensor networks has surged in popularity in recent years with applications ranging from environmental monitoring, to people- and object-tracking in both cooperative and hostile environments. This course is targeted at understanding and obtaining hands-on experience with the state-of-the-art in such wireless sensor networks which are often composed using relatively inexpensive sensor nodes that have low power consumption, low processing power and bandwidth. The course will span a variety of topics ranging from radio communications, network stack, systems infrastructure including QoS support and energy management, programming paradigms, distributed algorithms and example applications. Some guest lectures may be given.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP ETHICS", number:"null", id:"36343", path:"/courses/36343", description:"A venerable idea throughout the history of ethics is that rationality is a fundamental or foundational part of the metaphysics of the normative. The course will be an investigation of several different strains of this rationalist idea. We'll disucss four rationalist views of the nature of normative reasons (Kantian, Humean, Aristotelian, and new-fangled constructivism). Our aim will be to investigate the plausibility of these rationalist views against the backdrop of a more recent hypothesis about the metaphysics of the normative--viz., the claim that normative reasons themselves are the fundamental constituents of the normative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK: Innovation in China", number:"null", id:"40509", path:"/courses/40509", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREN HIST/CLTR TIL 1789", number:"null", id:"41459", path:"/courses/41459", description:"This civilization course presents the fabric/fabrication of the so-called national memory through its places of memory (lieux de memoire), as well as its places of non-memory (lieux de non-memoire), going from the Gauls to the Enlightenment. As the course tells the story of the rise and fall of the French monarchy, one is encouraged to envision it as a palimpsest and to become aware of the roles played by myths and legends. It helps see how French history has been manipulated by the collective memory, how retrospection often redefines, fabricates events and people depending on the needs of the moment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LDERSHP & COMMUN IN GRPS: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40298", path:"/courses/40298", description:"Through the process of action, reflection, and experimentation, and application, MGMT 100 aims to develop your leadership, teamwork, and communication skills. The course provides many occasions to strengthen your ability to exercise leadership through service, to speak and write persuasively, and to work collaboratively with a diverse group of individuals. Through the course of the term, you will have a heightened sense of your individual strengths and opportunities for growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAHLER'S SECOND SYMPHONY", number:"null", id:"41807", path:"/courses/41807", description:"Advanced seminar in topics in musicology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRESENTING THE ARTS: THEATRE MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"45003", path:"/courses/45003", description:"So you want to be a producer. But what does it take to run a theatre company? Or to get a show to Broadway? This course gives students an in-depth look at the business of making art. Theatre management is more than budgeting and HR. The theatre manager is responsible for shaping our interactions with theatre and creating relationships between artists, audiences, and the larger community. This course looks at the role of the theater manager as a driving force in the American theatrical landscape. We will cover practical topics like grant writing, budgeting, and board management, as well as big picture topics like the relationship between commercial and not for profit theatre, how theatre shapes communities, and how technology changes the role art plays in our lives. The course features visits by leading theatre managers and thinkers from Philadelphia and New York.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTAGION", number:"null", id:"41311", path:"/courses/41311", description:"This course explores an aspect of medicine and literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFECTIOUS DISEASE BIO", number:"null", id:"35400", path:"/courses/35400", description:"This course focuses on selected topics concerning infectious agents, the diseases they cause in humans, and the social and scientific challenges they pose. The first section addresses the principles of epidemiology and microbial pathogenesis, as well as pathophysiology of infectious diseases. In the second section, tools and techniques of diagnosis, tracking, and control of infectious diseases will be discussed. To develop a broad understanding of the many different aspects of infectious processes, selected viral, fungal, protozoan, and helminthic pathogens and related infectious diseases will be presented.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO DEVELOPMENTAL PSYC", number:"null", id:"42044", path:"/courses/42044", description:"The goal of this course is to introduce both Psychology majors and non-majors majors to the field of Developmental Psychology. Developmental Psychology is a diverse field that studies the changes that occur with age and experience and how we can explain these changes. The field encompasses changes in physicalgrowth, perceptual systems, cognitive systems, social interactions and and much more. We will study the development of perception, cognition, language,academic achievement, emotion regulation, personality, moral reasoning,and attachment. We will review theories of development and ask how these theories explain experimental findings. While the focus is on human development, when relevant, research with animals will be used as a basis for comparison.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING FILIPINO II", number:"null", id:"42307", path:"/courses/42307", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAVASCRIPT", number:"null", id:"39715", path:"/courses/39715", description:"This course provides an introduction to modern web development frameworks, techniques, and practices used to deliver robust client side applications on the web. The emphasis will be on developing JavaScript programs that run in the browser. Topics covered include the JavaScript language, web browser internals, the Document Object Model (DOM), HTML5, client-side app architecture and compile-to-JS languages like (Coffeescript, TypeScript, etc.). This course is most useful for students who have some programming and web development experience and want to develop moderate JavaScript skills to be able to build complex, interactive applications in the browser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CLINICAL CNCPTS & PROFESSIONAL ROLE FOR CRIT CARE ADV PRAC PROVIDERS II", number:"null", id:"40490", path:"/courses/40490", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMS & COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"43932", path:"/courses/43932", description:"This course focuses primarily on the design and analysis of algorithms. We will begin with sorting and searching algorithms and then spend most of the course on graph algorithms. In order to study graph algorithms, general algorithm design patterns like dynamic programming and greedy algorithms will be introduced. A section of this course is also devoted to understanding NP-Completeness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACH DESIGN & MANUFACT", number:"null", id:"37489", path:"/courses/37489", description:"Building upon the fundamentals of mechanical design taught in MEAM 101, this hands-on, project-based course provides students with the knowledge and skills necessary to design, analyze, manufacture. and test fully-functional mechanical systems. Topics covered include an introduction to machine elements, analysis of the mechanics of machining, manufacturing technology, precision fabrication (milling, turning, and computer-controlled machining), metrology, tolerances, cutting-tool fundamentals and engineering materials. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"40266", path:"/courses/40266", description:"Continuation of MATH 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"42544", path:"/courses/42544", description:"Continuation of CIS 400. Design and implementation of a significant piece of work: software, hardware or theory. Students are required to submit a final written report and give a final presentation and demonstration of their project. Grades are based on the report, the presentation and the satisfactory completion of the project. These are evaluated by the Project Adviser and the Course Instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE IN AN AGING SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"39074", path:"/courses/39074", description:"Individual and societal influences on the care of older adults are examined in detail within the context of an emerging health care system. Normal changes in physical and psychological health are explored in depth. Significant issues affecting care of older adults and their families at the global and national level are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"43093", path:"/courses/43093", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"35780", path:"/courses/35780", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions and international banking activities. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry. We will focus on the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and country risk. In addition, we will consider how to evaluate and compare the risk exposures and performance of individual banks. Throughout the semester we will discuss public policy issues such as international debt crises and regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"39705", path:"/courses/39705", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Perspectives on Organizational Dynamics", number:"null", id:"43976", path:"/courses/43976", description:"'Perspectives' is both a fundamental and integrating course intended for MSOD students at any point in the program who wish to understand and deploy a multiplicity of dynamics operative in organizations and in the minds that create and inhabit them. It is particularly useful for those in their first year and for non-MSOD students. One key focus is on understanding the implicit mental and emotional frameworks or metaphors that 'inform' organizing so that we can virtually see more robust and complex approaches to effectiveness and to leadership within them. Several faculty members highlight their specialties. One special theme examines new management models and thinking frameworks designed to prevail in a 21st century context. Lectures, discussion, and experiential learning are used to build an informed grounding in the history, philosophy, theory and practice of Organizational Dynamics. The course requirements are active class participation, potential application projects/weekly journal, a midterm paper and a final paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AFRICAN ART: Digitizing African Art History", number:"null", id:"42366", path:"/courses/42366", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIPER SEMINAR: Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER) Seminar, Part I", number:"null", id:"39431", path:"/courses/39431", description:"This is the first part of the two-semester seminar designed to introduce students to the VIPER program and help them prepare for energy-related research. Research articles on various energy-related topics will be discussed, and students will be guided toward their research topic selection. Library research, presentation of data, basic research methods, research ethics, data analysis, advisor identification, and funding options will also be discussed. Sample energy topics discussed will include: Applications of nanostructured materials in solar cells; Solid oxide fuel cells; Global climate modeling: radiant heat transfer; Nanocrystal-based technologies for energy storage;Photo-bioreactor systems for mass production of micro-algae; Advanced rare earths separations chemistry; Modeling of oxides for solar energy applications; and Electronic transport in carbon nanomaterials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40409", path:"/courses/40409", description:"This course will include the major topics of cell biology and microbiology that are foundational for an understanding of normal and pathological cellular processes. Topics will include the study of prokaryotic and eukaryotic cell structures and functions, the main biological molecules, membrane transport, cellular communications, the flow of genetic information, cell division, and cellular metabolism. The context for this course will be the application of cell biology to understanding the cellular basis of human diseases and the role of genetics and genomics in health and disease processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS THEORETICAL PHIL: Modal Logic & Metaphysics", number:"null", id:"39161", path:"/courses/39161", description:"This is an undergraduate research seminar covering interdisciplinary research in psychology, philosophy, sociology and behavioral economics related to social norms. Social norms are informal institutions that regulate social life. We will devote particular attention to the following questions: 1. What is a good, operational definition of social norms? 2. Is there a difference between social and moral norms? 3. How can we measure whether a norm exists, and the conditions under which individuals are likely to comply with it? 4. Are behavioral experiments a good tool to answer question 3? 5. How do norms emerge? 6. How are norms abandoned? 7. What is the role of trendsetters in norm dynamics?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MUSICIANSHIP", number:"null", id:"44596", path:"/courses/44596", description:"Advanced techniques of score reading and general musicianship at the keyboard. Goals of the course include increasing proficiency in sight singing (including C clefs).Taking harmonic, melodic, and rhythmic dictations. Accurate performance of rhythms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW SOC POL SEX REPRO: Women, Gender, Sexuality and the Law", number:"null", id:"40084", path:"/courses/40084", description:"This course will examine how statutory law, court decisions and other forms of social policy encourage or discourage various forms of sexuality, reproduction and parenting. Such issues as contraception, abortion, gay and lesbian rights, reproductive technology, family violence, and welfare and family policies will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BIBLE AS LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"37047", path:"/courses/37047", description:"Successive generations have found the Bible to be a text which requires - even demands - extensive interpretation. This course explores the Bible as literature, considering such matters as the artistic arrangement and stylistic qualities of individual episodes as well as the larger thematic patterns of both the Old and New Testaments and the Apocrypha. A good part of the course is spent looking at the place of the Bible in cultural and literary history and the influence of such biblical figures as Adam and Eve, David, and Susanna on writers of poetry, drama, and fiction in the English and American literary traditions. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSIBILITY IN BUS.: Responsibility in Business", number:"null", id:"36026", path:"/courses/36026", description:"This course uses a professional services context to introduce students to important ethical and legal challenges they will face as leaders in such fields as financial services, health care, real estate, and consulting. However, the scope is not limited to these contexts and will be equally useful to students preparing for any managerial position that is likely to place them in advisory and/or agency roles owing duties to employers, clients, suppliers, and customers. Although coverage will vary depending on instructor, the focus of the course will be on developing skills in ethical and legal analyses that can assist managers as they make both individual-level and firm-level decisions about the responsible courses of action when duties, loyalties, rules, norms, and interests are in conflict. For example, the rules of insider trading may form the basis for lessons in some sections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"2ND YR SPOKEN CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35452", path:"/courses/35452", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN003. The primary goal of the course is to improve students' conversational ability in Chinese. By the end of the semester, students will reach the survival level, namely, they can accomplish the basic day to day tasks encountered by visitors as well as the local people. These tasks include relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preference, feeling and opinion, ordering a meal, purchasing goods, asking directions, making travel plans, visiting a doctor, attending a social function and so forth. Short Chinese movies or television shows will be integrated into the course curriculum. Chinese character will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED FIN ACCT", number:"null", id:"39470", path:"/courses/39470", description:"The intended audience for this course is students with prior knowledge of financial accounting who understand: (1) the recording of economic transactions in the accounting records; (2) the basic financial statements that summarize a firm's economic transactions (the balance sheet, the income statement and the statement of cash flows) and (3) the fundamental concepts needed to prepare or understand published financial statements (e.g. use of accrual accounting). Exploiting prior knowledge, the course aims in six weeks to help students become effective users of financial statements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOFTW DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"36953", path:"/courses/36953", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, inheritance, and interfaces. This course will also focus on best practices and aspects of software development such as software design, software testing, pair programming, version control, and using IDEs. Substantial programming assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"45125", path:"/courses/45125", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Philosophy and Psychoanalysis:  Freud and the Interpretation of Culture", number:"null", id:"40542", path:"/courses/40542", description:"The seminar will consider selected episodes in the interaction between philosophy and psychology. It starts with an intensive study of Descartes' machine psychology (in the Treatise on Man), which should complicate our picture of the history of such interactions. We then proceed, partly in response to student interest, to interactions involving Kant and nineteenth-century Kantians, Rylean 'behaviorism', and recent work on the embodied mind (Wheeler, others).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESE RESEARCH METH LAB", number:"null", id:"35705", path:"/courses/35705", description:"Students contract with a faculty mentor to conduct scaffolded original research in a topic of mutual interest. Prepare project report on research findings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM", number:"null", id:"42816", path:"/courses/42816", description:"The aim of the course is to provide an introduction to shareholder activism. The course makes use of lectures and case studies. The lectures expose the students to the institutional and empirical facts as well as approaches followed by leading shareholder activists. The case studies are designed to provide students an experience on identifying potential opportunity for value creation thrugh active engagement. Assignments require students to develop/practice skills on fundamental analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY,OIL&GLOBAL WARMIN: Energy, Oil, and Global Warming", number:"null", id:"41976", path:"/courses/41976", description:"The developed world's dependence on fossil fuels for energy production has extremely undesirable economic, environmental, and political consequences, and is likely to be mankind's greatest challenge in the 21st century. We describe the physical principles of energy, its production and consumption, and environmental consequences, including the greenhouse effect. We will examine a number of alternative modes of energy generation - fossil fuels, biomass, wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear - and study the physical and technological aspects of each, and their societal, environmental and economic impacts over the construction and operational lifetimes. No previous study of physics is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"42752", path:"/courses/42752", description:"Quantum engineering - the design, fabrication, and control of quantum coherent devices - has emerged as a multidisciplinary field spanning physics, electrical engineering, materials science, chemistry, and biology, with the potential for transformational advances in computation, secure communication, and nanoscale sensing. This course surveys the state of the art in quantum hardware, beginning with an overview of the physical implementation requirements for a quantum computer and proceeding to a synopsis of the leading contenders for quantum building blocks, including spins in semiconductors, superconducting circuits, photons, and atoms. The course combines background material on the fundamental physics and engineering principles required to build and control these devices with readings drawn from the current literature, including promising architectures for scaling physical qubits into larger devices and secure communication networks, and for nanoscale sensing applications impacting biology, chemistry, and materials science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH. SOCIAL RES", number:"null", id:"40700", path:"/courses/40700", description:"This course is designed to introduce graduate students to basic skills and concepts in ethnographic field research, including participant observation, interviewing, field documentation, and the scholarly presentation of qualitative data. Students will learn to apply these skills and concepts through an assigned set of exercises in concert with a semester-long project based on intensive fieldwork at a research site of their choosing. In addition, we will examine exemplars of published fieldwork in both classical and contemporary sociology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRITISH POETRY 1660-1914", number:"null", id:"37049", path:"/courses/37049", description:"This course provides students with a survey of British poetry and poetics from the Restoration to the Modern period, and usually will include writers ranging from Aphra Behn and Alexander Pople to Thomas Hardy. The course may be offered in various forms, some covering less, and some more historical back ground. Most will provide a sampling of eighteenth-century, Romantic, and Victorian poets. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MACROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41248", path:"/courses/41248", description:"Facts and theories about the determination of per capita income and its differences across countries and across time. The study of economic fluctuations in output and employment. The role of government in influencing these aggregate variables: monetary and fiscal policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS", number:"null", id:"37345", path:"/courses/37345", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in history who will begin writing their honors thesis during this seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN CINE: OUR ANIMALS, OURSELVES", number:"null", id:"42250", path:"/courses/42250", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cinema Studies, the study of the history, theory, and production of film. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHIL: MADNESS & DELUSION", number:"null", id:"45072", path:"/courses/45072", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Philosophy, the study of the nature and theory of reality, existence, and knowledge. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENSEMBLE PERFORMANCE: UNIV. WIND ENSEMBLE", number:"null", id:"37586", path:"/courses/37586", description:"Successful participation in a music department sponsored group. Ensemble groups: University Orchestra, University Wind Ensemble, Choral Society, University Choir, Ancient Voices, Baroque and Recorder Ensemble, Chamber Music Society, Arab Music Ensemble, Samba and Jazz Combo. This course must be taken for a letter grade (Pass/Fail registration option may not be utilized for this course).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MEDICAL CHINESE", number:"null", id:"35464", path:"/courses/35464", description:"Advanced Medical Chinese is a content-based course with curriculum adapted from the online course of New York University School of Medicine (NYUsom). It offers Mandarin training to medical/nursing students and other health professionals who may need to visit China or to serve limited English proficient Chinese-speaking patients. For physician/nurse-patients communication purposes, it is designed for students who have studied Chinese for three years or more in a regular college program or with the equivalent language proficiency and have studied medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: NETWORKS: NETWORK ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"44796", path:"/courses/44796", description:"Network Theory studies graphs as a representation of the structure of relationships between social entities. It can be used to examine how the behavior of individuals in a socio-economic system affects - and is affected by- the structure of connections of the system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SMELL AND TASTE", number:"null", id:"45103", path:"/courses/45103", description:"All organisms respond to chemicals in their environment. This chemosensation guides diverse behaviors such as a feeding, avoiding predators, sex, and social interactions. This course will provide a broad survey of our current understanding of taste and smell, focusing on insect and rodent model systems as well as studies in humans. The course will begin with a review of chemical signal transduction mechanisms, and build to an exploration of the cortical integration of chemical signals and chemical guided behaviors. Class time will emphasize primary literature, discussion, and student presentations. The goal is to reach an integrated understanding of the physiology and psychology of chemical sensory systems. In the process, students will learn to read and critically evaluate data from primary research articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINUX/UNIX SKILLS", number:"null", id:"35489", path:"/courses/35489", description:"Unix, in its many forms, runs much of the world's computer infrastructure, from cable modems and cell phones to the giant clusters that power Google and Amazon. This half-credit course provides a thorough introduction to Unix and Linux. Topics will range from critical basic skills such as examin and editing files, compiling programs and writing shell scripts, to higher level topics such as the architecture of Unix and its programming model. The material learned is applicable to many classes, including CIS 240, CIS 331, CIS 341, CIS 371, and CIS 380.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Electromagnetism, Optics, and Modern Physics", number:"null", id:"45275", path:"/courses/45275", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, light and optics, special relativity, the quantum theory of matter, and nuclear physics. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION INTERNSHIP", number:"null", id:"41206", path:"/courses/41206", description:"Seminar for students concurrently participating in department-approved internships in communication-related organizations. Students will develop independent research agendas to investigate aspects of their internship experience or industry. Building on written field notes, assigned readings, and classroom discussion and evaluation, students will produce final papers using ethnographic methods to describe communications within their site or industry in order to understand and critically examine their hands-on experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN LANGUAGE AND CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43652", path:"/courses/43652", description:"The aim of the course is to provide an overall perspective on African languages and linguistics. No background in linguistics is necessary. Students will be introduced to theoretical linguistics-its concepts, theories, ways of argumentation, data collection, data analysis, and data interpretation. The focus will be on the languages and linguistics of Africa to provide you with the knowledge and skills required to handle the language and language-related issues typical of African conditions. We will cover topics related to formal linguistics (phonology/phonetics, morphology, syntax, and semantics), aspects of pragmatics as well as the general socio-linguistic character of African countries. We will also cover language in context, language and culture, borrowing, multilingualism, and cross-cultural communication in Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ARCHAEOLOGY: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"36708", path:"/courses/36708", description:"An introduction to the history, concepts, and methods of the anthropological study of pre-historic and historic peoples using archaeological illustrations to indicate the relationship of archaeological interpretations with cultural and physical anthropology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY I: Experimental Perspectives.", number:"null", id:"41082", path:"/courses/41082", description:"This course will focus on introducing students to the following topics: the nature of the chemical bond (forces, potentials, and quantum mechanics), covalent and non-covalent interactions, properties of gasses, and interactions of molecules with light. In addition to covering these topics, students will also be introduced to both common and stat-of-the art experimental techniques. We will discuss how these techniques can be used to study and characterize different properties of molecules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE IV", number:"null", id:"40229", path:"/courses/40229", description:"Increases the emphasis on more abstract and challenging conversational and narrative range. Includes receptive and expressive readiness activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; various aspects of Deaf culture and cultural behavior rules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN STATEMENT & DIS ANA", number:"null", id:"43646", path:"/courses/43646", description:"This course focuses on the analysis of financial communications between corporate managers and outsiders, including the required financial statements, voluntary disclosures, and interactions with investors, analysts, and the media. The course draws on the findings of recent academic research to discuss a number of techniques that outsiders can use to detect potential bias or aggressiveness in financial reporting. FORMAT: Case discussions and lectures. Comprehensive final exam, group project, case write-ups, and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SIGNAL & INF PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"44122", path:"/courses/44122", description:"Introduction to signal and information processing (SIP). In SIP we discern patterns in data and extract the patterns from noise. Foundations of deterministic SIP in the form of frequency domain analysis, sampling, and linear filtering. Random signals and the modifications of deterministic tools that are necessary to deal with them. Multidimensional SIP where the goal is to analyze signals that are indexed by more than one parameter. Includes a hands-on lab component that implements SIP as standalone applications on modern mobile platforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Stem Cell Science in Schools: History, Ethic and Education", number:"null", id:"35959", path:"/courses/35959", description:"This course will provide University of Pennsylvania and a local Philadelphia High Scjool students with the opportunity to learn fundamental biology concepts and apply them in a hands-on, inquiry-based approach that is also attentive to society, history and social context. Biological sciences have long been deeply engaged with social issues, and our topics for this course reflect their relevance to everyday life. Topics of this course will include, but are not limited to, cell development and stem cell biology, wich form the basis of the emerging field of Regenerative Medicine. Penn students will reinforce their learning of these concepts by mentoring high school students, demonstrations by Penn scientists, and a co-teaching method involving Penn faculty and a partnering high school teacher. A primary goal of this course is to expose both Penn and high school students to cutting edge science and its societal impact. Through this course Penn students will learn critical skills that can help them bring scientific ideas to professionals, and important to any educated professional.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FICTION WRITING", number:"null", id:"37066", path:"/courses/37066", description:"The writing of individually selected projects (a novel, a group of short stories) with reading assignments and discussion of student works-in-progress. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGICAL AND SOCIAL DIVERSITY IN HEALTH AND WELLNESS", number:"null", id:"40412", path:"/courses/40412", description:"This course explores and integrates the intersection of psychological, cognitive, and social development with the lived experiences of individuals, families, and communities across the lifespan in order to conduct socially contextualized health assessments and health teaching. Extant theories will be critically analyzed and examined with respect to issues of health care access, health history, health promotion, and issues of equity and diversity from a life-course perspective. This knowledge will be synthesized and integrated with the development of the student's communication skills and interviewing processes necessary to develop socially attuned health history and teaching that promote psychological well being and healthy lifestyles. Simulated and observational experiences provide students with opportunities to acquire and apply knowledge necessary for conducting a comprehensive health history of an individual situated within a diverse community. They also provide opportunities to develop prioritized health teaching plans in partnership with that individual.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYS, RES & TECH", number:"null", id:"42721", path:"/courses/42721", description:"The course will present a comprehensive overview of the global demand for energy, and the resource availability and technology used in its current and future supply. Through a personal energy audit, students will be made aware of the extensive role that energy plays in modern life, both directly, through electricity and transportation fuel, and indirectly in the manufacturing of goods they use. The course will cover how that energy is supplied, the anticipated global growth in energy demand, the resource availability and the role of science and technology in meeting that demand in a world concerned about climate change. The roles of conservation, improved efficiency and renewable energy in meeting future demand in a sustainable, environmentally benign way will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST PHYS SCI 19&20TH C", number:"null", id:"36577", path:"/courses/36577", description:"Over the last two centuries, scientists have produced a broad range of knowledge about the physical world, from light to electromagnetism to atoms to nuclei, facilitating or explaining an ever increasing mastery over the natural world. Becuse of their success, these developments played an important role in forming our views of how to effectively generate knowledge of the natural world. This course will examine some of the major developments in the physical sciences during the 19th and 20th century, asking how that knowledge and the means by which it was produced related to institutions, technical practices and broader cultural knowledge and knowledge production to explore how past practices have, or have not, left their traces in later science. The course will meet twice a week for lecture and discussion. Readings will consist of Pursuing Power and Light: Technology and Physics from James Watt to Albert Einstein by Bruce J. Hunt When Physics Became King by Iwan Rhys Morus Night Thoughts of a Classical Physicist by Russel McCormmach as well as articles from a course reader. Students will produce three short papers (about three pages) and a term paper (about ten pages)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE LEARNING", number:"null", id:"43919", path:"/courses/43919", description:"This course covers the foundations of statistical machine learning. The focus is on probabilistic and statistical methods for prediction and clustering in high dimensions. Topics covered include linear and logistic regression, SVMs, PCA and dimensionality reduction, EM and HMMs, and deep learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY AND POETICS: LOVE, MARRIAGE, & POETRY", number:"null", id:"38496", path:"/courses/38496", description:"This course explores an aspect of poetry and poetics intensively; specific topics will vary from year to year. See the English Department website at: www.english.upenn.edu and the LPS website at: www.sas.upenn.edu/lpscourses/programs for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR RESEARCH SEMINAR: ARTS OF PHOTOGRAPH + FICTION", number:"null", id:"44074", path:"/courses/44074", description:"This course offers junior English majors the opportunity to design and undertake a semester-long research and writing project in an advanced seminar setting. Discussions will address debates within the field/period/topic of the course, research methods, and advanced writing and critical thinking issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHIP I", number:"null", id:"44588", path:"/courses/44588", description:"Introduction to and development of principles of tonal voice-leading, harmonic function, counterpoint, and form through written analysis, composition, improvisation, and written work. Course covers diatonic harmony and introduction to chromaticism. Repertoires will focus on Western classical music. Musicianship component will include sight-singing, dictation keyboard harmony. Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})