CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"43255", path:"/courses/43255", description:"This course focuses on the development of knowledge and skills related to the use of psychopharmacologic agents to treat mental illness by the advanced practice nurse. Using a case study method to encourage the application of knowledge to clinical practice, the course addresses culturally diverse client populations, across the life span, who present with a range of symptom manifestations, at all levels of severity. The course emphasizes evidence-based practice, research-based clinical decision making and a wholistic approach to integrating the science and biology of the mind with social and behavioral interventions. The case base method allows students to focus on specific populations such as older adults, adults, adolescents, and children.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPCIS IN N. RENAISSANCE: Seventeenth Century Dutch and Flemish Art", number:"null", id:"42377", path:"/courses/42377", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"France and the European Union", number:"null", id:"41463", path:"/courses/41463", description:"This course aims to provide an understanding of the European Union as a complex entity: its history, institutions, challenges and future. After reviewing the history of European integration and learning about the Community's institutions, common programs and market, we will consider a wide variety of themes important to Europe: economics, education, immigration, the environment, social issues, national and European identities, the debate over a Federal Europe vs. a Europe of nations, European social/cultural models vs. American liberalism, relations between the EU and the rest of the world. Considering the acute and ongoing challenges facing the European community, we will focus on current events and discuss issues that are critical to the EU in general and to France in particular. Students will be responsible for pursuing substantive research on these and other topics and participating actively in debates. This class will be conducted entirely in French and is designed to improve cross-cultural understanding and communicative skills in the presentational, interpretive and interpersonal modes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATIGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"35845", path:"/courses/35845", description:"Introductory sedimentary concepts, stratigraphic principles, depositional environments, and interpretation of the rock record in a paleoecological setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROUP DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"37517", path:"/courses/37517", description:"Section 001 -- Open to all Juniors and Seniors. This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve team effectiveness. This course makes use of analytic and reflective writing, peer feedback and coaching, simulations, and an intensive field project with a real team in the Philadelphia area. There are four kinds of teams that are the focus of your study: teams of which you've been a member in the past; your 240 Team, with three or four other classmates; a team outside of 240 that your 240 Team will observe, analyze, and report on -- your Host Team; and a team you expect to be on in the future. The primary case material for applying course concepts (learned from readings and lectures) will be these teams you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene -- as leader, member, or consultant -- to improve the performance sustainability, and impact on the members of any team. Prerequisite: Junior standing or above. 

Special registration for MGMT 240 Section 001: Enrollment in this section of MGMT 240 is by permission of the instructor, Professor Stew Friedman. To apply for admission, please contact him via email: friedman@wharton.upenn.edu. He will send you an application, which is due March 30, 2016. Accepted students will be notified after April 2, 2016. 

Section 002 -- Open only to MGMT 100 Teaching Assistants. Permission of instructor is required. This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve team effectiveness. This course makes use of readings, analytic and reflective writing, assessments, peer feedback and coaching, simulations, and your services as a MGMT 100 Teaching Assistant (TA). There are four kinds of teams that are the focus of your study: teams of which youo've been a member in the past; your 240 Team, with two or three other classmates; the team of Wharton freshmen in your MGMT 100 section for whom you serve as TA; and a team you expect to be on in the future. The primary case material for applying course concepts (learned from readings and lectures) will be these teams you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene -- as leader, member, or consultant -- to improve the performance, sustainability, and impact on the members of any team. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above and assignment as MGMT 100 TA.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT GREECE", number:"null", id:"40913", path:"/courses/40913", description:"The Greeks enjoy a special place in the construction of western culture and identity, and yet many of us have only the vaguest notion of what their culture was like. A few Greek myths at bedtime when we are kids, maybe a Greek tragedy like Sophokles' Oidipous when we are at school: these are often the only contact we have with the world of the ancient Mediterranean. The story of the Greeks, however, deserves a wider audience, because so much of what we esteem in our own culture derives from them: democracy, epic poetry, lyric poetry, tragedy, history writing, philosophy, aesthetic taste, all of these and many other features of cultural life enter the West from Greece. The oracle of Apollo at Delphi had inscribed over the temple, 'Know Thyself.' For us, that also means knowing the Greeks. We will cover the period from the Late Bronze Age, c. 1500 BC, down to the time of Alexander the Great, concentrating on the two hundred year interval from 600-400 BC.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE NOVEL AND MARRIAGE", number:"null", id:"40086", path:"/courses/40086", description:"Historians have argued that early novels helped shape public opinion on many controversial issues. And no subject was nore often featured in novels than marriage. In the course of the 18th and the 19th centuries, at a time when marriage as an institution was being radically redefined, almost all the best known novels explored happy as well as unhappy unions, individuals who decided not to marry as well as those whose lives were destroyed by the institution. They showcased marriage in other words in ways certain to provoke debate. We will both survey the development of the modern novel from the late 17th to the early 20th century and study the treatment of marriage in some of the greatest novels of all time. We will begin with novels from the French and English traditions, the national literatures in which the genre first took shape, in particular Laclos' DANGEROUS LIAISONS, Austen's PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, Bronte's JANE EYRE, Flaubert's MADAME BOVERY. We will then turn to works from the other European traditions such as Goethe's ELECTIVE AFFINITIES and Tolstoy's ANNA KARENINA. We will begin the course by discussing the novel often referred to as the first modern novel, THE PRINCESS DE CLEVES. This was also the first novel centered on an exploration of questions centrla to the debate", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARALLEL HISTORIES: PSYCHOANALYSIS AND FILM", number:"null", id:"44090", path:"/courses/44090", description:"This course explores an aspect of cultural studies intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSICAL TO THE MIDDLE CLASS", number:"null", id:"40754", path:"/courses/40754", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice in Europe and Asia from Fifth-Century Athens to roughly the end of the Eighteenth Century. In addition to analyzing major dramatic works, this course examines the evolution of production methods - scenography, acting, costuming, theatre architecture - across cultures and key socio-historical moments. Readings will be drawn from historical research, theoretical writings, plays and contemporary social documents. A particular focus will be on the integral role that the theatre plays as a cultural institution in the ongoing civic life of major cities. The course approaches theatre as broadly interdisciplinary and examines its intersection with religious practice, political developments, national identity, geography, the visual arts and the urban landscape.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING: ETCHING", number:"null", id:"35746", path:"/courses/35746", description:"The class will challenge the possibilities of experimental drawing and ways of creating incisions and textures using copper plates as the matrix, which then will be printed on paper and other materials. The class offers full technical and historical description of each individual process: Dry Point, Etching, Hard ground, Soft Ground, Aquatint, Shine Cole', Spit-Biting, Sugar Lift, Color Printing and Viscosity printing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LANGUAGE CHANGE", number:"null", id:"38855", path:"/courses/38855", description:"This course covers the principles of language change and the methods of historical linguistics on an elementary level. The systematic regularity of change, the reasons for that regularity, and the exploitation of regularity in linguistic reconstruction are especially emphasized. Examples are drawn from a wide variety of languages, both familiar and unfamiliar. The prerequisite for the course is any course in phonetics or phonology, or Ling 001, or permission of the instructor. Note that this course does NOT satisfy any sector requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL SECURITY", number:"null", id:"43378", path:"/courses/43378", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the subfield of international security or strategic studies. In order to grasp the usefulness of the theoretical ideas presented in readings and lectures, abstract concepts are linked with a study of the national security policies states have adopted in the decades following World War II. Topics include current debates about nuclear proliferation, terrorism, the Iraq war, Europe's changing international role, the rise of China, Asian 'flashpoints' (Korea, the Taiwan Strait), and US secruity policy for the 21st century - considering some of the main strategic alternatives to the US as well as their implications for the types of forces deployed (the impact of the 'revolution in military affairs,' the future of missile defense, and the economic burden to be shouldered).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TABLA I", number:"null", id:"42106", path:"/courses/42106", description:"An introduction to the tabla, the premier drum of north Indian and Pakistani classical music traditions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LAW & LEG PROC", number:"null", id:"38823", path:"/courses/38823", description:"This course presents law as an evolving social institution, with special emphasis on the legal regulation of business. It considers basic concepts of law and legal process, in the U.S. and other legal systems, and introduces the fundamentals of rigorous legal analysis. An in-depth examination of contract law is included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL REACTOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36853", path:"/courses/36853", description:"Design of reactors for the production of chemical products. Continuous and batch reactors. Chemical kinetics. Effects of back-mixing and non-ideal flow in tubular reactors. Heterogeneous reactions. Construction and economic analysis of reactors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART & GENDER IN REN ITAL", number:"null", id:"39559", path:"/courses/39559", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA ANALY & STAT COMP: Data Analytics and Statistical Computing", number:"null", id:"42174", path:"/courses/42174", description:"This course will introduce a high-level programming language, called R, that is widely used for statistical data analysis. Using R, we will study and practice the following methodologies: data cleaning, feature extraction; web scrubbing, text analysis; data visualization; fitting statistical models; simulation of probability distributions and statistical models; statistical inference methods that use simulations (bootstrap, permutation tests).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAD PROSEMINAR IN MATH", number:"null", id:"36074", path:"/courses/36074", description:"This course focuses on problems from Algebra (especially linear algebra and multilinear algebra) and Analysis (especially multivariable calculus through vector fields, multiple integrals and Stokes theorem). The material is presented through student solving of problems. In addition there will be a selection of advanced topics which will be accessible via this material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS IN FIN REPORTIN", number:"null", id:"36670", path:"/courses/36670", description:"This intensive one-semester course focuses on how to extract and interpret information in financial statements. The course adopts a user perspective of accounting by illustrating several specific accounting issues in a decision context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"38890", path:"/courses/38890", description:"Continuation of Math 502.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"39204", path:"/courses/39204", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to comparative political analysis. How can the political behavior, circumstances, institutions, and dynamic patterns of change that people experience in very different societies be analyzed using the same set of concepts and theories? Key themes include nationalism, political culture, democratization, authoritarianism, and the nature of protracted conflict.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40690", path:"/courses/40690", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"French Thought After 1968", number:"null", id:"38649", path:"/courses/38649", description:"In American academia, French thought after May '68 is often referred to as 'French Theory,' a heterogeneous corpus of philosophical and critical texts compacted into a set of poststructuralist premises, first introduced by and grew within humanities departments, then identified as a luxury by-product of the 'literary' people. This course proposes to unpack the notion of 'French Theory' and re-anchor it into its original social/historical background. We will read some of the most influential texts of its key figures, study how a post May 68 revolutionary energy is transformed into various innovative but also destabilizing ways of rethinking power relations, gender, language and subjectivity, and finally, consider in what capacities and limits these diverse critical approaches go beyond the simple label of 'post-structuralism' and relate to our own epoch and personal experiences. The readings and discussions will be divided into four axes: 1. Philosophy of Desire (Lacan, Deleuze/Guattari); 2. Sexual Revolt and Body Politics (Foucault, Hocquenghem, Barthes); 3. Deconstruction and Its Impact on Feminism (Derrida, Cixous, Irigaray); 4. Consumer Society and Society of the Spectacle (Lipovetsky, Baudrillard, Debord). Several documentaries and feature films will be shown outside class time. 

Taught in English. Reading knowledge of French is welcome but not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"39175", path:"/courses/39175", description:"Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"38888", path:"/courses/38888", description:"A mathematical approach to game theory, with an emphasis on examples of actual games. Topics will include mathematical models of games, combinatorial games, two person (zero sum and general sum) games, non-cooperating games and equilibria.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOBOTANY SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"38113", path:"/courses/38113", description:"In this course we will approach the relationship between plants and people from archaeological and anthropological perspectives in order to investigate diverse plant consumption, use, and management strategies. Topics will include: plants as foods and intoxicating beverages; medicines, poisons, and psychoactive plants; plants as building supplies and textiles; wild plant collection, and the origins of plant domestication. Students will learn both field procedures and laboratory methods of archaeobotany through a series of hands-on activities and lab-based experiments. The final research project will involve an original in-depth analysis and interpretation of archaeobotanical specimens. By the end of the course, students will feel comfortable reading and evaluating archaeobotanical literature and will have a solid understanding of how archaeobotanists interpret human activities of the past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TRANSLATION OF POETRY AND THE POETRY OF TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"42684", path:"/courses/42684", description:"In this class we will study and translate some of the major figures in 20th century poetry, including Rainer Maria Rilke, Claire Malroux, Pablo Neruda, Cesare Pavese, Anna Akhmatova, and Bei Dao. While the curriculum will be tailored to the interests and linguistic backgrounds of the students who enroll, all those curious about world poetry and the formidable, irresistible act of translation are welcome. Students should have at least an intermediate knowledge of a language other than English. We will study mulitple translations of seminal poems, render our own versions in response, and have the additional opportunity to work directly from the original. Students may also work in pairs, or groups. A portion of the course will be set up as a creative writing workshop in which to examine the overall effect of each others' translations so that first drafts can become sucessful revisions. While class discussions will explore the contexts and particularity of (among others) Urdu, Italian, French, and Polish poetry, they might ultimately reveal how notions of national literature have radically shifted in recent years to more polyglottic and globally textured forms. Through guest speakers, essays on translation theory, and our own ongoing experiments, this course will celebrate the ways in which great poetry underscores the fact that language", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"35739", path:"/courses/35739", description:"Painting practices is an introduction to the methods and materials of oil painting. This course begins with an investigation of color and color relationships. The beginning of the semester will cover technical issues and develop the student's ability to create a convincing sense of form in space using mass, color, light and composition. The majority of work is from direct observation including object study, still life, landscape, interior and exterior space and the self portrait. Class problems advance sequentially with attention paid to perceptual clarity, the selection and development of imagery, the process of synthesis and translation, color, structure and composition, content and personal expression. Students will become familiar with contemporary and art historical precedent in order to familiarize them with the history of visual ideas and find appropriate solutions to their painting problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN ANATOMY & PHYSIOLOGY-PART A", number:"null", id:"39033", path:"/courses/39033", description:"The structural and functional organization of the human organism is presented, along with the fundamentals of developmental anatomy and embryology. Histologic and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms which enable the human body to maintain homeostasis in an ever-changing environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND OF ACTUARIAL SCI I", number:"null", id:"40730", path:"/courses/40730", description:"This course is the usual entry point in the actuarial science program. It is required for students who plan to concentrate or minor in actuarial science. It can also be taken by others interested in the mathematics of personal finance and the use of mortality tables. For future actuaries, it provides the necessary knowledge of compound interest and its applications, and basic life contingencies definition to be used throughout their studies. Non-actuaries will be introduced to practical applications of finance mathematics, such as loan amortization and bond pricing, and premium calculation of typical life insurance contracts. Main topics include annuities, loans and bonds; basic principles of life contingencies and determination of annuity and insurance benefits and premiums.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"43591", path:"/courses/43591", description:"This course will examine the state of urban journalism today with special emphasis on how large newspapers are redefining themselves, and the news, in an era of dwindling readership and growing financial pressures. The course will look at online journalism, ethics, and alternative sources of news, and will explore the techniques journalists use in reporting the news. Students will report and write four pieces of their own about Philadelphia and its environs. The course is taught by Dan Biddle, the Philadelphia Inquirer's former politics editor, an award-winning journalist for 40 years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCREENWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"35472", path:"/courses/35472", description:"This is a workshop-style course for those who have thought they had a terrific idea for a movie but didn't know where to begin. The class will focus on learning the basic tenets of classical dramatic structure and how this (ideally) will serve as the backbone for the screenplay of the aforementioned terrific idea. Each student should, by the end of the semester, have at least thirty pages of a screenplay completed. Classic and not-so-classic screenplays will be required reading for every class, and students will also become acquainted with how the business of selling and producing one's screenplay actually happens. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email briefly describing their interest in the course to the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISK MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"36801", path:"/courses/36801", description:"This course introduces the concepts and techniques available to individuals, corporations, governments, and other organizations in their efforts to manage risk. The course explores how individuals and firms assess and evaluate risk, the tools available to successfully manage risk, and real-world frictions that limit the amount of risk-sharing in the economy. We focus on pure risks that are relevant for individuals and firms, such as mortality and health-related expenses, property damage, product liability, and employee benefits (e.g. pensions). The course examines a common set of techniques that can be used by individuals and managers in dealing with risk, including risk assumption, prevention, diversification, and transfer via insurance and non-insurance market mechanisms. Our focus is primarily on explaining the products and institutions that we see in the world, which will prepare students for making decisions in their future careers and lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44282", path:"/courses/44282", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READINGS IN SANKRIT LIT", number:"null", id:"43480", path:"/courses/43480", description:"This course is for advanced students of Sanskrit. Designed as a seminar, the course aims to take students through the primary and secondary sources of Sanskrit literary and phlosophical production. Each semester will focus on a different genre: epic, belles-lettres, lyric poetry, drama, philosophy, shastra, advanced grammar, history, poetics, and epigraphy. We will focus on original sources, secondary scholarship, and theoretical approaches toward the translation and study of Sanskrit texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP II", number:"null", id:"37018", path:"/courses/37018", description:"This course is the sequel to EAS 545 and focuses on the planning process for a new technology venture. Like its prerequisite, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. Whereas EAS 545 investigates the sequential stages of engineering entrepreneurship from the initial idea through the early growth phase of a startup company, EAS 546 provides hands-on experience in developing a business plan for such a venture. Working in teams, students prepare and present a comprehensive business plan for a high-tech opportunity. The course expands on topics from EAS 545 with more in-depth attention to: industry and marketplace analysis; competitive strategies related to high-tech product/service positioning, marketing, development and operations; and preparation of sound financial plans. Effective written and verbal presentation skills are emphasized throughout the course. Ultimately, each team presents its plan to a distinguished panel of recognized entrepreneurs, investors and advisors from the high-tech industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"42984", path:"/courses/42984", description:"Seminar in international relations. Second semester of a two semester sequence including review of advanced international relations theory and research methods for the preparation of the senior thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IRAN CINEMA:GEND/POL/REL", number:"null", id:"43192", path:"/courses/43192", description:"This seminar explores Iranian culture, society, history and politics through the medium of film. We will examine a variety of cinematic works that represent the social, political, economic and cultural circumstances of contemporary Iran, as well as the diaspora. Along the way, we will discuss issues pertaining to gender, religion, nationalism, ethnicity, and the role of cinema in Iranian society and beyond. Discussions topics will also include the place of the Iranian diaspora in cinema, as well as the transnational production, distribution, and consumption of Iranian cinema. Films will include those by internationally acclaimed filmmakers, such as Rakhshan Bani-Etemad, Asghar Farhadi, Bahman Ghobadi, Abbas Kiarostami, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Dariush Mehrjui, Tahmineh Milani, Jafar Panahi, Marjane Satrapi and others. All films will be subtitled in English. No prior knowledge is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & RELIG IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"38397", path:"/courses/38397", description:"This course examines gender in Chinese religious culture from ancient to contemporary times. We will explore topics including the Buddhist accommodation of Chinese family system, Chinese transformation of the bodhisattva Guanyin, female deities in Daoist and popular religious pantheons, writings about religious women, female ghosts and fox spirits in literary imagination and folk tales, and the significance of yin force in Chinese medicine and Daoist alchemy. Through the case of China, we will look at how gender plays critical and constitutive roles in religious traditions, and how religion can be used both to reinforce and to challenge gender norms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF CELL BIO", number:"null", id:"41035", path:"/courses/41035", description:"An intermediate level exploration of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION IN MODERN CHINA", number:"null", id:"43987", path:"/courses/43987", description:"This course focuses on the history and role of religion in the Chinese cultural sphere (Mainland China, Taiwan, and the Diaspora) from the mid-19th century to the present day, focusing on the relationship between religious institutions and the state during the imperial, republican, and communist regimes. We will learn about the impact of religious ideas, practices, and organizations on social, political and economic processes and inspect the role of religion in the consolidation of individual, communal, and national identity. Adopting a comparative and interdisciplinary approach, we will attempt to ascertain the impact of the various Chinese religious traditions: Confucianism, Daoism, Buddhism, and popular sects, as well as global religions such as Islam and Christianity, on the internal sociopolitical structure of the Chinese state and their role in shaping power relations on a transregional, national, and local level. Special emphasis will be given to the role and use of the grand narratives of secularism and modernity in the shaping of the Chinese nation-state, as well as the value of using these frameworks in the study of modern China. The class is discussion based, supplemented by lectures, student presentations, and documentary films. No knowledge of Chinese is presumed. All readings will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Images of the Sovereign in Latin Am Literature: Dictators, Narcos & Writers", number:"null", id:"40724", path:"/courses/40724", description:"Permission required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MUSICIANSHIP", number:"null", id:"39009", path:"/courses/39009", description:"Advanced techniques of score reading and general musicianship at the keyboard. Goals of the course include increasing proficiency in sight singing (including C clefs).Taking harmonic, melodic, and rhythmic dictations. Accurate performance of rhythms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTRS OF SUSTAINABILITY", number:"null", id:"45179", path:"/courses/45179", description:"Sustainability is more than science, engineering, policy, and design. Surveying the world, we see that the politics and practice of sustainability play out in different ways depending on cultural factors. Some cultures are more prone to pursue ecological goals than others. Why? Do the environmental history and experience of a nation affect policy? Do nature and the environment play a crucial role in the cultural memory of a nation? Can cultural components be effectively leveraged in order to win approval for a politics of sustainability? And what can we, as residents of a country where climate change and global warming are flashpoints in an enduring culture war, learn from other cultures? This course is designed to equip undergraduate students with the historical and cultural tools necessary to understand the cultural aspects of sustainability in two countries noted for their ecological leadership and cultural innovation, Germany and the Netherlands.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"44260", path:"/courses/44260", description:"This course is a continuation of GRMN 101 and is designed to strengthen and expand students' listening, speaking, reading, and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of German-speaking cultures. By the end of the course, students will be able to handle a variety of day-to-day needs in a German-speaking setting and engage in simple conversations about personally significant topics. Students can expect to be able to order food and beverages, purchase things, and to be familiar with the German university system, the arts, and current social topics. Students will begin to be able to talk aboutthe past and the future, make comparisons, describe people and things in increasing detail, make travel plans that include other European countries, and make reservations in hotels and youth hostels. By the end of the course students will be able to talk about their studies and about their dreams for the future. In In addition, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them tounderstand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING II", number:"null", id:"38044", path:"/courses/38044", description:"Covers liabilities and equities, especially long-term debt, convertible securities, equity issuance, dividends, share repurchases, employee stock options, pensions, leases, deferred tax, and derivative securities. Related topics covered include computation of diluted earnings per share, disclosure issues, earnings management, and basic financial statement analysis of cash flows.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF SOCIAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36372", path:"/courses/36372", description:"This course explores some crucial foundational issues of contemporary social science. It focuses on vaious types of explanation, the construction of social models, and their validation. Specific topics will include: 1. Rational choice models (including game-theoretic ones) and alternative models of bounded rationality; 2. Experimental models in economics and psychology and whether they present a radical departure from traditional exonomic models; 3. Evolutionary models of the emergence of institutions, and agent-based simulations of such dynamics. In partidular, we will explore theoretical and empirical models of trust, reciprocity, cooperation and fairness, asking what motivates individuals to engage in pro-social behavior and how such behavior can emerge and persist. This course will cover some of the material presented in other Core courses, with particular attention to foundational and explanatory issues that are not usually discussed in a typical social science course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"39823", path:"/courses/39823", description:"The goal of this course is to teach students of engineering and applied science to be effective negotiators. It aims to improve the way these students communicate i virtually any human interaction. The course intends to improve the ability of engineers and other technology disciplines to gain more support more quickly for projects, researc product and services development, and marketing. For those wanting to be entrepreneurs o r intrapreneurs, the course is designed essentially to find the most value possible in starting up and running companies. Based on Professor Diamond's innovative and renowned model of negotiation, it is intended to assist those for whom technical expertise is not enough to persuade others, internally and externally, to provide resources, promotions and project approvals; or to resolve disputes, solve problems and gain more opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"42438", path:"/courses/42438", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Two broad areas will be considered 1) Molecular Biology: DNA replication, transcription, translation, regulation of gene expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic systems, and genomics and 2) Genetics: basic Mendelian & molecular genetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASL/DEAF STUDIES - ABCS", number:"null", id:"44433", path:"/courses/44433", description:"For this course, students will attend Pennsylvania School for the Deaf on a weekly basis where they will participate in and contribute to the school community via tutoring or other mutually agreeable activities. Students will also have formal class on a weekly basis with discussions and activities centering on reflection of community experiences through linguistic as well as cultural lenses. Additionally, drawing from the required Linguistics and other ASL/Deaf Studies coursework, students will develop an inquiry question and conduct preliminary community-based research to analyze sociolinguistic variations of ASL and Deaf cultural attitudes, behaviors, and norms. Ongoing reflections and discussions-formal and informal-on Deaf cultural/theoretical topics drawing from readings as well as community experiences will be integral to the course experience. LING 078, Topics in Deaf Culture and permission from the instructor, are required for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"36073", path:"/courses/36073", description:"Continuation of Math 502.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV JOURNALISTIC WRITING: JOURNALISTIC STORY-TELL.", number:"null", id:"37072", path:"/courses/37072", description:"A workshop in creative writing devoted to original student work in journalism. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN PROJECT", number:"null", id:"38169", path:"/courses/38169", description:"Second semester of a two semester design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Bilingualism in History", number:"null", id:"44428", path:"/courses/44428", description:"This course introduces the foundations of linguistics - the scientific study of language - through exploration of multilingualism in the USA and in different societies around the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VALUE CREATION & VAL CAP: Value Creation and Value Capture in American Business History", number:"null", id:"44518", path:"/courses/44518", description:"This course examines how the kind of firms in which most Wharton students will spend the next stage of their careers came to be as they are today. At a superficial level, the course's objectives are descriptive and narrative. Its deeper purpose is to give students some idea of how to think about the future evolution of firms and industries. The course will discuss the historical development of the business enterprise as an institution. It will also cover the evolution of competition and strategy and of corporate finance. The focus will be on American developments, since many of the innovations took place here, but there is scope for comparison with institutions in Japan and the leading European economies if there is student interest. The course considers issues arising in anumber of different management disciplines and shows off their interrelationships. In terms of the Wharton curriculum and of recent research, strategy issues,and in particular the set of issues concerning how value can be created and captured at the enterprise level, are a running theme.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONOLOGY II", number:"null", id:"38865", path:"/courses/38865", description:"Second half of a year-long introduction; continues LING 530. Topics to be surveyed include syllable structure and moraic theory; the prosodic hierarchy; the properties and representation of geminates; templatic and prosodic morphology; reduplication and emergence of the unmarked; and metrical phonology (properties of stress, foot typology, and issues of constituency). Emphasizes hands-on analysis of a wide range of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN CENTURY:1890-1990", number:"null", id:"37334", path:"/courses/37334", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUFISM", number:"null", id:"44885", path:"/courses/44885", description:"This course is an intensive survey of the rich variety of Islamic intellectual, literary and cultural phenomena subsumed under the term Sufism. Sufi philosophies, liturgical practices, and social organizations have been a major part of the Islamic tradition in all historical periods, and Sufism has also served as a primary muse behind Islamic aesthetic expression in poetry, music, and the visual arts. In this course, we will explore the various significations of Sufism by addressing both the world of ideas and socio-cultural practices. The course is divided into three broad sections: central themes and concepts going back to the earliest individuals who identified themselves as Sufis; Sufi metaphysics and epistemology as exemplified in the work of Ibn al-'Arabi and his school, and literary expressions as exemplified in the epic poem Layla and Majnun by Nizami, The Conference of the Birds by Attar, and in the life and poetry of Mawlana Jalaluddin Rumi. In studying this material, we will be concerned equally with establishing common patterns and seeing how being a Sufi has meant different things to various people over the course of history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARAB WOMEN & WAR", number:"null", id:"43201", path:"/courses/43201", description:"This course is a study of modern Arabic literary forms such as the free verse poem, the prose-poem, drama, the novel, and the short story. The class examines issues related to Arabic culture and identity in the modern and post- modern era through the study of Arabic literature. The aim of the course is to introduce students to key samples of modern Arabic literature which trace major social and political developments in Arab society. All readings will be in English translations. The class will also address the role of translation in shaping modern Arabic literary forms and creating the image of Arabic literature in other languages. Recent topics have included: Arab Women and War, Modernism and Arabic Poetry, The Arabic Free Verse movement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED ECONOMETRICS II", number:"null", id:"44973", path:"/courses/44973", description:"Topics include system estimation with instrumental variables, fixed effects and random effects estimation, M-estimation, nonlinear regression, quantile regression, maximum likelihood estimation, generalized method of moments estimation, minimum distance estimation, and binary and multinomial response models. Both theory and applications will be stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: BREAST FEEDING & HUMAN LACTATION", number:"null", id:"36231", path:"/courses/36231", description:"Human milk is recognized universally as the optimal diet for newborn infants. The health benefits of breastfeeding are so significant that a National Health Objective set forth by the Surgeon General of the United States for the year 2010 is to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies in the postpartum period. Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course will provide an in depth examination of the anatomy and physiology of lactation, essential aspects of establishing and maintaining lactation, and the nurses' role in counseling the breastfeeding family. Emphasis will be placed on current research findings in the content area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"43007", path:"/courses/43007", description:"Textbooks: Genki I (Lesson 8- Lesson 12) and Genki II (Lesson 13- Lesson 14)Kanji: reproduction-approx. 170/recognitio-approx.250", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN MANDARIN I", number:"null", id:"41111", path:"/courses/41111", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed at least the intermediate level Chinese language course, or have studied the language for at least three years. The objective of this course is to consolidate the knowledge and skills students have acquired from their previous Mandarin Chinese classes and to enhance their oral expressive skills. By the end of the semester, students are expected to be able to carry on a conversation with a native Mandarin speaker on various common topics, including the current issues in China about its education, society, politics, culture, and history. Students will also learn how to gather information necessary for conducting oral presentations and speeches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED SCIENCES RELATED TO ANESTHESIA", number:"null", id:"36269", path:"/courses/36269", description:"This course is an in-depth analysis of the chemical and physical principles as they apply to nurse anesthesia practice. Aspects of organic and biochemistry including the chemical structures of compounds and its significance in pharmacology will be explored. Applications of the laws of physics as they pertain to nurse anesthesia practice will be reviewed with specific examples. Emphasis on the dynamics of the anesthesia delivery system and related equipment will be presented.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTS OF MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42440", path:"/courses/42440", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FASCIST CINEMAS", number:"null", id:"44270", path:"/courses/44270", description:"Cinema played a crucial role in the cultural life of Nazi Germany and other fascist states. As cinema enthusiasts, Goebbels and Hitler were among the first to realize the important ideological potential of film as a mass medium and saw to it that Germany remained a cinema powerhouse producing more than 1000 films during the Nazi era. In Italy, Mussolini, too, declared cinema 'the strongest weapon.' This course explores the world of 'fascist' cinemas ranging from infamous propaganda pieces such as The Triumph of the Will to popular entertainments such as musicals and melodramas. It examines the strange and mutually defining kinship between fascism more broadly and film. We will consider what elements mobilize and connect the film industries of the Axis Powers: style, genre, the aestheticization of politics, the creation of racialized others. More than seventy years later, fascist cinemas challenge us to grapple with issues of more subtle ideological insinuation than we might think. Weekly screenings with subtitles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTRONIC LIT SEMINAR: PUBLICS", number:"null", id:"38498", path:"/courses/38498", description:"This course is designed to introduce advanced undergraduate and graduate students to the range of new opportunities for literary research afforded by recent technological innovation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER CON LAW II", number:"null", id:"39221", path:"/courses/39221", description:"This course examines American constitutional development from the eve of WWI through the second Obama administration. Topics include the growth of the New Deal and a Great Society regulatory and redistributive state, struggles for equal rights for racial and ethnic minorities, women and GLBT Americans, contests over freedoms of religion and expression, criminal justice issues, the Reagan Revolution and the revival of federalism and property rights, and issues of national security powers after September 11, 2001. Lectures are on videos and class time is devoted to in-depth discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APOC DESIGN II", number:"null", id:"41329", path:"/courses/41329", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJ SEM WORLD AFT 1800: HISTORY OF TRADE", number:"null", id:"41558", path:"/courses/41558", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ARABIC IV", number:"null", id:"38121", path:"/courses/38121", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 033/633.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CANCER", number:"null", id:"44644", path:"/courses/44644", description:"This elective case study offers students the opportunity to learn about the etiology, diagnosis, and management of cancer across the lifespan. Building on existing clinical knowledge and skills, students will explore cancer care from the perspectives of prevention, early detection, treatment, survivorship, and death. Observational clinical experiences and selected case studies will enhance students' understanding of patients' and families' cancer experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE THEATER", number:"null", id:"39809", path:"/courses/39809", description:"Japan has one of the richest and most varied theatrical traditions in the world. In this course, we will examine Japanese theater in historical and comparative contexts. The readings and discussions will cover all areas of the theatrical experience (script, acting, stage design, costumes, music, audience). Audio-visual material will be used whenever appropriate and possible. The class will be conducted in English, with all English materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGY OF HUMAN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"38210", path:"/courses/38210", description:"Understanding how diseases disrupt the life of human individuals requires an appreciation of the genetic, biochemical, and cellular mechanisms that underlie normal human biology. After providing some of this basic information, in a form accessible to students in the humanities, social sciences and physical sciences, this course will focus on a selective group of human diseases, including inherited metabolic and neurological disorders, cancer, and viral infections. Presentations by experts in these areas will be followed by sessions discussing various aspects of each disease, including the biological basis of therapies and preventive methods including gene therapy, stem cells, and vaccines. This course is designed for non-majors and is open to both freshmen and upperclassmen.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"35795", path:"/courses/35795", description:"FNCE 719 is a course on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"36667", path:"/courses/36667", description:"The objective of this course is to provide an understanding of financial accounting fundamentals for prospective consumers of corporate financial information, such as managers, stockholders, financial analysts, and creditors. The course focuses on understanding how economic events like corporate investments, financing transactions and operating activities are recorded in the three main financial statements (i.e., the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows). Along the way, students will develop the technical skills needed to analyze corporate financial statements and disclosures for use in financial analysis, and to interpret how accounting standards and managerial incentives affect the financial reporting process. This course is recommended for students who want a more in-depth overview of the financial accounting required for understanding firm performance and potential future risks through analysis of reported financial information, such as students intending to go into security analysis and investment banking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS I", number:"null", id:"37469", path:"/courses/37469", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects in combinatorial analysis with applications to many other branches of math and science: graphs and networks, generating functions, permutations, posets, asymptotics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LDERSHP & COMMUN IN GRPS", number:"null", id:"36098", path:"/courses/36098", description:"Through the process of action, reflection, and experimentation, and application, MGMT 100 aims to develop your leadership, teamwork, and communication skills. The course provides many occasions to strengthen your ability to exercise leadership through service, to speak and write persuasively, and to work collaboratively with a diverse group of individuals. Through the course of the term, you will have a heightened sense of your individual strengths and opportunities for growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Saints and Devils in Russian Literature and Tradition", number:"null", id:"37867", path:"/courses/37867", description:"This course is about Russian literary imagination, which is populated with saints and devils, believers and religious rebels, holy men and sinners. In Russia, where people's frame of mind had been formed by a mix of Eastern Orthodox Christianity and earlier pagan beliefs, the quest for faith, spirituality, and the meaning of life has invariably been connected with religious matters. How can one find the right path in life? Is humility the way to salvation? Should one live for God or for the people? Does God even exist? In 'Saints and Devils' we read works of great masters of Russian literature and learn about the historic trends that have filled Russia's national character with religious and mystical spirit. 

We start with old Russian fanciful stories and legends of crafty demons and all-forbearing saints. The master of fantastic writing, Nikolai Gogol, will teach us how to triumph over the devil, while a great storyteller, Nikolai Leskov, will take us through Russia's vast expanses. In Romantic and modernist poetry, we discover the artistic power of the demonic. Together with Anton Chekhov and Leo Tolstoy, we contemplate an ambivalent cultural image of woman as a victim or a sinful agent of the devil. Leo Tolstoy, who founded his own religion, will give us his philosophical and moral lessons. Finally, immersed in the world of Dostoevsky's Brothers Karamazov, we follow the characters in their search for truth, faith, and love.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN AND INCARCERATION", number:"null", id:"37661", path:"/courses/37661", description:"This elective course will afford students the opportunity to develop and implement health education workshops for incarcerated women in the Philadelphiajail system. Students will explore the social and historical framework and trends in the incarceration of women, as well as the needs of this population, and will identify specific areas that need to be addressed by particular disciplines or professions. Students will have direct contact with the jail system, its staff, and female inmates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"38593", path:"/courses/38593", description:"This course focuses on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCH & SOC. FOUND", number:"null", id:"43133", path:"/courses/43133", description:"This course, is required of all first-year doctoral students in Management and open to other Penn students with permission, provides an introduction to the psychological and sociological roots of management theory and research. The course is predicated on the belief that to be effective as a contemporary management scholar one needs a background in 'the classics.' Therefore, we will be reading classics from the fields of psychology and sociology in their original form during this semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"38677", path:"/courses/38677", description:"This course is a continuation of GRMN 101 and is designed to strengthen and expand students' listening, speaking, reading, and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of German-speaking cultures. By the end of the course, students will be able to handle a variety of day-to-day needs in a German-speaking setting and engage in simple conversations about personally significant topics. Students can expect to be able to order food and beverages, purchase things, and to be familiar with the German university system, the arts, and current social topics. Students will begin to be able to talk aboutthe past and the future, make comparisons, describe people and things in increasing detail, make travel plans that include other European countries, and make reservations in hotels and youth hostels. By the end of the course students will be able to talk about their studies and about their dreams for the future. In In addition, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them tounderstand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"38969", path:"/courses/38969", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to develop and implement powerful models of customer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these methods for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales forecasting, analyses of media usage, customer valuation, and targeted marketing programs. These same techniques are also very useful for other types of business (and non-business) problems. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TIANANMEN SQUARE: A CASE STUDY FOR FINE ARTS AND LANDSCAPE ARACHITECTURE", number:"null", id:"44172", path:"/courses/44172", description:"This course takes as its subject the systems of representation and design that have historically and presently operate in Tiananmen Square in Beijing. There have been several incarnations of Tiananmen Square since its original form in 1651. During Imperial times and through the period of foreign legations, the square was once surrounded by walls and gates, creating a city within a city. With the advent of the Republic of China established on January 1, 1912, much of the enclosures were removed, opening up for public use previously restricted imperial areas. After the Communist Revolution in 1949, planning was afoot to enlarge the square. With its enlargement completed in 1958, the square expanded its footprint by four-fold, making it one of the largest public squares in the world. The enlarged and remodeled square coincided with the completion of the massive Monument to the People's Heroes. In 1976, a large mausoleum containing the preserved body of Mao Zedong was built near the site of the former Gate of China, further increasing the size of the square. In the 1990s, the building of the National Grand Theatre and expansion of the National Museum on grounds contiguous to the square necessitated further alterations to both the Eastern and Western skirts of the square.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCH SYS ANALYSIS SIMUL", number:"null", id:"39929", path:"/courses/39929", description:"Stochastic systems analysis and simulation (ESE 303) is a class that explores stochastic systems which we could loosely define as anything random that changes in time. Stochastic systems are at the core of a number of disciplines in engineering, for example communication systems and machine learning. They also find application elsewhere, including social systems, markets, molecular biology and epidemiology. The goal of the class is to learn how to model, analyze and simulate stochastic systems. With respect to analysis we distinguish between what we could call theoretical and experimental analysis. By theoretical analysis we refer to a set of tools which let us discover and understand properties of the system. These analysis can only take us so far and is usually complemented with numerical analysis of experimental outcomes. Although we use the word experiment more often than not we simulate the stochastic system in a computer and analyze the outcomes of these virtual experiments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSLIMS, CHRISTIANS & JEWS: HISTORY & MEMORY IN SPAIN", number:"null", id:"44884", path:"/courses/44884", description:"Al-Andalus, the Muslim Kingdom of Spain, is the point of departure for this Penn Global Course which looks at history, religion, and memories of the Andalusian Peninsula in Spain. The purpose of this course is to investigate the interreligious lives of Muslims, Christians, and Jews during what is called the Convivencia, or La Convivencia. This time refers to a time when Muslims, Christians, and Jews lived in peace before the Reconquista, or reconquest of Spain by Catholics in 1492. Our task is to not only understand this history, but to understand how convivencia is a problematic, but useful term in understanding this time period of great cultural growth, building, and religious innovation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN AMER 1782-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"38726", path:"/courses/38726", description:"Surveys Latin American and Caribbean history from the Tupac Amaru Revolt to the present. We will examine the legacy of Spanish colonialism and slavery, movements for national and cultural independence, twentieth-century radicalism, and the politics of race in contemporary Latin America. Readings include fictional as well as analytical representations, and a film series will accompany the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIBLIOGRAPHY: INTRODUCTION TO BIBLIOGRAPHY FROM GUTENBERG TO GOOGLE BOOKS", number:"null", id:"35685", path:"/courses/35685", description:"This course offers an introduction to the principles of descriptive and analytic bibliography and textual editing. The history of authorship, manuscript production, printing, publishing, and reading will be addressed as they inform an understanding of how a particular text came to be the way it is. Diverse theories of editing will be studied and put into practice with short passages. The course is generally suitable for students working in any historical period, but particular emphases specified in the current offerings on the English website. www.english.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Global Health Seminar: Environmental Health Issues and Global Implications", number:"null", id:"43224", path:"/courses/43224", description:"Cross Listed with NURS 543", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"39376", path:"/courses/39376", description:"This course will explore the emergence of modern science fiction as a genre, the ways it has reflected our evolving conceptions of ourselves and the universe, and its role as the mythology of modern technological civilization. We will discuss such characteristic themes as utopias, the explortion of space and time, biological engineering, superman, robots, aliens, and other worlds--and the differences between European and American treatment of these themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWAHILI I", number:"null", id:"36688", path:"/courses/36688", description:"The objectives of this course are: to strengthen students' knowledge of speaking, listening, reading, and writing Swahili and to compare it with the language of the students; to learn more about the cultures of East Africa and to compare it with the culture(s) of the students; to consider the relationship between that knowledge and the knowledge of other disciplines; and using that knowledge, to unite students with communities outside of class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWAHILI II", number:"null", id:"43668", path:"/courses/43668", description:"At the end of the course students will be at Level 2 on the ILR (Interagency Language Roundtable) scale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO JOURNALISTIC WRIT", number:"null", id:"35653", path:"/courses/35653", description:"There are two different sections of English 157 offered in the fall, 2013. Please see the English Department website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of each section.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO PARTICLE PHYSICS", number:"null", id:"36364", path:"/courses/36364", description:"An introduction to elementary particles (photons, leptons, hadrons, quarks), their interactions, and the unification of the fundamental forces.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN PRAC: FAMILY FOCUSED PRIMARY CARE OF THE MIDDLE AGED AND OLDER ADULT", number:"null", id:"43268", path:"/courses/43268", description:"The focus of this course is the evaluation and management of primary care problems in middle-aged and older adults. Students will have an opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner in the clinical setting. Interdisciplinary collaborative experiences will be essential to the clinical practicum. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals, groups and families is stressed. Students are expected to assess and manage common chronic health problems in the clinical setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHY FLD METHDS & PROBS", number:"null", id:"35299", path:"/courses/35299", description:"Seminar analyzing process of archaeological excavation as a problem of researchdesign and method, stressing excavation as an integrated methodological system of research dealing with data retrieval, storage processing, integration and interpretation leading to final publication. Course intended for students proposing archaeological careers; it will be assumed participants have some practical excavation experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO AMER POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42014", path:"/courses/42014", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the national institutions and political processes of American government. What are the historical and philosophical foundations of the American Republic? How does American public policy get made, who makes it, and who benefits? Is a constitutional fabric woven in 1787 good enough for today? How, if at all, should American government be changed, and why? What is politics and why bother to study it? If these sorts of questions interest you, then this course will be a congenial home. It is designed to explore such questions while teaching students the basics of American politics and government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"44291", path:"/courses/44291", description:"The course focuses on the creation, funding, and management of biotechnology and health services enterprises. The course is designed to supplement other offerings in the Health Care Systems and Management Departments for those students with entrepreneurial interest in such ventures, and will focus on special issues surrounding the conceptualization, planning, diligence and capitalization, launch, compensation and management of these ventures. In addition, course offers methods for self-assessment & development of business models and plans, techniques for technology assessment and strategy, develops foundation for capitalization and partnering strategies, and creates a basis for best practices in company launch and plan execution. Students must apply to take this course. Please see the Health Care Management Department for the application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPAN/MED PROFS: Advanced Medical Spanish", number:"null", id:"43520", path:"/courses/43520", description:"The goal of this course is to provide advanced practice in Spanish to those students who are interested in pursuing careers in the medical and health care fields. Through readings and authentic materials on contemporary health issues, for example, i.e., H1N1 influenza, comparative healthcare systems, obesity, 'chagas' disease, etc., students will acquire the vocabulary and grammatical structures needed to discuss a wide array of topics pertaining to the health-related professions. Students will also gain awareness of those health care issues affecting the Hispanic/Latino patient. Oral and written presentations will complement topics covered in class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"36299", path:"/courses/36299", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESE RESEARCH METH LAB", number:"null", id:"44124", path:"/courses/44124", description:"Students contract with a faculty mentor to conduct scaffolded original research in a topic of mutual interest. Prepare project report on research findings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"38257", path:"/courses/38257", description:"A general laboratory course covering aspects of qualitative and quantitative analysis, determination of chemical and physical properties, and chemical synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINA AND THE WORLD: MODERN TIMES", number:"null", id:"38754", path:"/courses/38754", description:"History 394 is a comprehensive introduction to the last hundred years of China's relations with the world, with emphasis on American-Chinese relations, but within the necessary context of China's relations with other countries from Asia to Europe to Africa and elsewhere (as well as Washington's changing relations with Beijing). China's role in the world can be understood only when the full background and international context is made clear. This course has no prerequisites: freshmen and others lacking background will find it manageable and interesting. Students who have successfully completed this course will be well positioned to understand some of the most important of current events, and if they like, pursue the topics as careers (there will be no shortage, I assure you).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEMENTARY/ALTERNATIVE THERAPIES IN WOMEN'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"40466", path:"/courses/40466", description:"The dramatic rise in the use of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) by the American public requires that the contemporary health care practitioner have an awareness of CAM therapies and modalities currently available. The end result of this is course will not be proficiency in the practice of any of these modalities in particular, but rather a basic understanding of each approach to common conditions and their potential contribution to health and well-being. The focus of the CAM modalities discussed in this course will center on their use in women's health care provision.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL POL. ECON: International Political Economy", number:"null", id:"36389", path:"/courses/36389", description:"This course examines the politics of international economic relations. The course will analyze the interplay between politics and economics in three broad areas: international trade, international finance, and economic development. In each section, we will first discuss economic theories that explain the causes and consequences of international commerce, capital flows, and economic growth. We will then explore how political interests, institutions, and ideas alter these predictions, examining both historical examples and current policy debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICRO AND NANO FLUIDICS", number:"null", id:"40297", path:"/courses/40297", description:"The course focuses on topics relevant for micro-fluidics, lab on chip technology, point of care diagnostics, nano-technology, biosensing, and interfacial phenomena. Although we will discuss briefly the fabrication of micro and nano fluidic devices, the course will mostly focus on physical phenomena from the continuum point of view. The mathematical complexity will be kept to a minimum. The course will be reasonably self-contained, and any necessary background material will be provided, consistent with the students' background and level of preparation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AQUEOUS GEOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"40058", path:"/courses/40058", description:"Chemical composition and interactions of soils and soil water with applicationsto current problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ENVIR DESIGN: PEOPLE & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"43586", path:"/courses/43586", description:"The built environment of a city is more than a mere backdrop; the design can actually affect people's experiences. Environmental design primarily focuses on the relationship between people and the built environment. It also looks at how the built environment interacts with the natural one (and the potential for greater sustainability). This course will allow students to gain a deeper understanding of how people create, perceive, and use the designed environment. We'll approach these concepts by analyzing design at a variety of scales, from products to interior design to architecture. Finally, using that knowledge, we'll conclude by analyzing urban spaces of the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR HIST BEFORE 1800", number:"null", id:"44308", path:"/courses/44308", description:"Survey of major themes and issues in African history before 1800. Topics include: early civilizations, African kingdoms and empires, population movements, the spread of Islam,and the slave trade. Also, emphasis on how historians use archaeology, linguistics, and oral traditions to reconstruct Africa's early history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATINOS IN UNITED STATES", number:"null", id:"40695", path:"/courses/40695", description:"This course presents a broad overview of the Latino population in the United States that focuses on the economic and sociological aspects of Latino immigration and assimilation. Topics to be covered include: construction of Latino identity, the history of U.S. Latino immigration, Latino family patterns and household structure, Latino educational attainment. Latino incorporation into the U.S. labor force, earnings and economic well-being among Latino-origin groups, assimilation and the second generation. The course will stress the importance of understanding Latinos within the overall system of race and ethnic relations in the U.S., as well as in comparison with previous immigration flows, particularly from Europe. We will pay particular attention to the economic impact of Latio immigration on both the U.S. receiving and Latin American sending communities, and the efficacy and future possililities of U.S. immigration policy. Within all of these diverse topics, we will stress the heterogeneity of the Latino population according to national origin groups (i.e. Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, and other Latinos), as well as generational differences between immigrants and the native born.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Modern India", number:"null", id:"36482", path:"/courses/36482", description:"This introductory course will provide an outline of major events and themes in Indian history, from the Mughal Empire in the 16th century to the re-emergence of India as a global player in the 21st century. The course will discuss the following themes: society and economy in Mughal India; global trade between India and the West in the 17th century; the rise of the English East India Company's control over Indian subcontinent in the 18th century; its emergence and transformation of India into a colonial economy; social and religious reform movements in the 19th century; the emergence of elite and popular anti-colonial nationalisms; independence and the partition of the subcontinent; the emergence of the world's largest democracy; the making of an Indian middle class; and the nuclearization of South Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MGMT IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"39138", path:"/courses/39138", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT GREEK COLONIES", number:"null", id:"38352", path:"/courses/38352", description:"This seminar examines the archaeology of Greek colonization from the Late Bronze Age to ca. 600 B.C. These colonies were highly diverse in their motivations, physical settings, and political and social structures, as well as their relationships with mother cities and the new worlds they inhabited. Emphasis is placed on the colonial experience as a cross-cultural and negotiated process. In addition to archaeological and epigraphic evidence, literary and historical traditions are examined. Colonies from the southern Balkan peninsula, Black Sea, Ionia, northern Africa, and Magna Graecia will be the focus of reading, reports, and discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"45117", path:"/courses/45117", description:"Fundamental course in organic chemistry based upon the modern concepts of structure and mechanism of reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRITISH POETRY 1660-1914", number:"null", id:"42660", path:"/courses/42660", description:"This course provides students with a survey of British poetry and poetics from the Restoration to the Modern period, and usually will include writers ranging from Aphra Behn and Alexander Pople to Thomas Hardy. The course may be offered in various forms, some covering less, and some more historical back ground. Most will provide a sampling of eighteenth-century, Romantic, and Victorian poets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY & BIOLOGICAL MODELING", number:"null", id:"36838", path:"/courses/36838", description:"Biology is flooded with data that cannot be understood without computational analysis and modeling. Computational Biology is a subfield of natural science where quantitative approaches are used to discover and understand biological and medical phenomena. The goal of this course is to develop a deep understanding of techniques and concepts used in Computational Biology. The course will strive to focus on a small set of approaches to gain both theoretical and practical understanding of the methods. We will aim to cover practical issues such as programming and the use of programs, as well as theoretical issues such as algorithm design, statistical data analysis, theory of algorithms and statistics. Topics to be discussed include theory of computing, probability theory, multivariate statistics, molecular evolution, and network models. Grading is primarily based on 3 project reports.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPIGENETICS OF HUMAN HEALTH AND DISEASE", number:"null", id:"35416", path:"/courses/35416", description:"Epigenetic alterations encompass heritable, non-genetic changes to chromatin (the polymer of DNA plus histone proteins) that influence cellular and organismal processes. This course will examine epigenetic mechanisms in directing development from the earliest stages of growth, and in maintaining normal cellular homeostasis during life. We will also explore how diverse epigenetic processes are at the heart of numerous human disease states. We will review topics ranging from an historical perspective of the discovery of epigenetic mechanisms to the use of modern technology and drug development to target epigenetic mechanisms to increase healthy lifespan and combat human disease. The course will involve a combination of didactic lectures, primary scientific literature and research lectures, and student-led presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DECISION THEORY", number:"null", id:"39205", path:"/courses/39205", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR COMPLE & ALTERN MED", number:"null", id:"42972", path:"/courses/42972", description:"This course will introduce the student to the field of complementary of and alternative medicine (or CAM). In addition to providing an overview of several common modalities and systems currently used in the U.S., the course will explore such topics as health belief systems, spirituality and health, ethnomedicine, the holistic paradigm, the social context of health, healthcare as a cultural construct, and the contemporary emergence of integrative medicine. I invite students to approach the subject matter with open-minded skepticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS", number:"null", id:"42862", path:"/courses/42862", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3-D COMPUTER MODELING", number:"null", id:"42775", path:"/courses/42775", description:"Students will develop a comprehensive knowledge of how virtual worlds are constructed using contemporary computer graphics technique with a fine arts perspective. The course will offer the opportunity to explore the construction, texturing, and rendering of forms, environments, and mechanisms while conforming to modeling specifications required for animation, real-time simulations or gaming environments, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH-CENT NOVEL: VICTORIAN FICTION", number:"null", id:"41274", path:"/courses/41274", description:"During the nineteenth century the novel became the dominant literary form of its day, supplanting poetry and drama on both sides of the Atlantic. In this introduction to the novelists of the period, we will read the writers who secured the novel's cultural respectability and economic prominence. Likely authors will include Austen, the Brontes, Collins, Dickens, Eliot, Hardy, Hawthorne, Melville, Poe, Thackeray, Scott, and Stowe. The course will explore the themes, techniques, and styles of the nineteeth-century novel. It will focus not only on the large structural and thematic patterns and problems within each novel but also on the act of reading as a historically specific cultural ritual in itself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"36075", path:"/courses/36075", description:"Continuation of Math 508. The Arzela-Ascoli theorem. Introduction to the topology of metric spaces with an emphasis on higher dimensional Euclidean spaces. The contraction mapping principle. Inverse and implicit function theorems. Rigorous treatment of higher dimensional differential calculus. Introduction to Fourier analysis and asymptotic methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"44224", path:"/courses/44224", description:"French 110 is the first semester of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop funcional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTS OF MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41044", path:"/courses/41044", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH & ENTRPSHIP INDIA", number:"null", id:"40869", path:"/courses/40869", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLTRL HERITAGE&CONFLICT", number:"null", id:"35298", path:"/courses/35298", description:"Intentional destruction of cultural heritage is designed to erase the presence of a people in history and has become an all too familiar feature of the devastation wrought by contemporary violence and 'ethnic cleansing.' Recent cases appear frequently in news headlines and include such well-known examples as the 2001 demolition of the Bamiyan Buddhas in Afghanistan, the 2012 destruction of Sufi shrines in Timbuktu, Mali, and the recent obliteration of historic sites across Syria and Iraq. This course explores this phenomenon by examining such questions as: Why is cultural heritage targeted in conflict? Under what circumstances? By whom? In so doing, we will engage with readings that discuss the historical development of the international laws and norms that aim to protect cultural heritage during conflict and examples successful and unsuccessful humanitarian interventions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS II", number:"null", id:"43016", path:"/courses/43016", description:"This course is a continuation of KORN 131 and aims to further develop students' linguistic and cultural competence by building on materials covered in KORN 131. In addition to gaining a deeper understanding of Korean culture, the course focuses on enhancing linguistic accuracy and fluency in both spoken and written Korean. Particular emphasis will be placed on building a meaningful Korean-speaking community, as well as consolidation of grammar structures, and expansion and enhancement of vocabulary. Topics include preparing for a trip to Korea, finding housing, college culture in Korea, entertainment and participating in various social events. Upon completion of this course, students will be able to express themselves more accurately and participate in Korea-related communities more meaningfully. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE: FROM THE TOWER OF BABEL TO ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE", number:"null", id:"44891", path:"/courses/44891", description:"This is a course in European intellectual history. It explores the historical trajectory, from antiquity to the present day, of the idea that there once was, and again could be, a universal and perfect language among the human race. If recovered, it can explain the origins and meaning of human experience, and can enable universal understanding and world peace. The tantalizing question of the possibility of a universal language have been vital and thought-provoking throughout the history of humanity. The idea that the language spoken by Adam and Eve was a language which perfectly expressed the nature of all earthly objects and concepts has occupied the minds of intellectuals for almost two millennia. In defiance of the Christian biblical myth of the confusion of languages and nations at the Tower of Babel, they have over and over tried to overcome divine punishment and discover the path back to harmonious existence. By recovering or recreating a universal language, theologians hoped to be able to experience the divine; philosophers believed that it would enable apprehension of the laws of nature, while mystic cabbalists saw in it direct access to hidden knowledge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECN & GLOBAL ECONOM", number:"null", id:"38606", path:"/courses/38606", description:"This course is required for all students except those who, having prior training in macroeconomics, money and banking, and stabilization policy at an intermediate or advanced level, can obtain a waiver by passing an examination. The purpose of FNCE 613 is to train the student to think systematically about the current state of the economy and macroeconomic policy, and to be able to evaluate the economic environment within which business and financial decisions are made. The course emphasizes the use of economic theory to understand the workings of financial markets and the operation and impact of government policies. Specifically, the course studies the determinants of the level of national income, employment, investment, interest rates, the supply of money, inflation, exchange rates, and the formulation and operation of stabilization policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP: Making Sense of Music", number:"null", id:"43177", path:"/courses/43177", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71). Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT ISSUES IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"39063", path:"/courses/39063", description:"Analysis of key contemporary issues in health and social policy that will provide students with a deeper understanding of the design and structure of the U.S. health care system, the policy initiatives that have shaped it, and the roles of the government, the private sector, and consumers and advocacy groups in setting the policy agenda. Seminars will examine the origins of each issue, the policies enacted and their effects, both intended and unintended, and will propose and debate the merits of alternative policy solutions. The role of health services and policy research in informing the policy debate and directions will be highlighted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE AMHARIC II", number:"null", id:"38064", path:"/courses/38064", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39680", path:"/courses/39680", description:"Students focus on reading and writing skills. The objective of the course is to lay a solid foundation in both Pinyin romanization and Chinese characters, learning to produce and recognize approximately 600-650 characters. The class provides preparation for Intermediate Modern Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"35754", path:"/courses/35754", description:"The study and practice of typography spans the history of individual letterforms through the typesetting of full texts. It is a complete immersion into type as an integral part of visual communication. Typesetting conventions and variables including legibility, readability, texture, color and hierarchy will be stressed, as well as a form for organizing information and expressing visual ideas. Studio work will include collecting and analyzing type, designing an original typeface, researching type history and experimenting with typographic forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROFICIENCY I", number:"null", id:"40192", path:"/courses/40192", description:"This course is for students with an advanced background in Japanese, who are interested in taking at least the Level 2 Japanese Proficiency Test. Solid grammar, an extensive vocabulary, and the knowledge of at least 800-900 Chinese characters is required. This course is not continuous with any existing 300-level Japanese course; therefore, your grade from a 300-level course does not qualify you to take this course. Eligibility will be determined through an interview and placement test taken in the first meeting. All students who take this course are required to take the Japanese Proficiency Test in December.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"41692", path:"/courses/41692", description:"An introduction to groups, rings, fields and other abstract algebraic systems, elementary Galois Theory, and linear algebra -- a more theoretical course than Math 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWAHILI II", number:"null", id:"43664", path:"/courses/43664", description:"This course continues to introduce basic grammar, vocabulary, and the reading and writing of Swahili to new speakers. During this term, folktales, other texts, and film selections are used to help introduce important aspects of Swahili culture and the use of the language in wide areas of Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIATION BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43153", path:"/courses/43153", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE, SCIENCE & JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"43507", path:"/courses/43507", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCOVER THE MIDDLE AGES", number:"null", id:"44313", path:"/courses/44313", description:"This course offers a broad introduction to the history of medieval Europe roughly from the fourth century CE, when Roman civilization faced a series of crises that led to its eventual fall in the West and ushered in the Middle Ages, to the sixteenth century, when European society entered a new early-modern phase. As this is a long period, we will focus on themes that will help us explore some of the most important historical problems related to the period: why was it that a sophisticated and militarily superior Roman empire could fall to 'barbarians'? How did political power transform into a feudal model? What did it mean to be a medeival knight? The Middle Ages are known as 'an age of faith' but, at the same time, it was an age of questioning that invented the modern university--what roles did faith and knowledge play in the medieval world? It was also a time where many cultures, races and religions came into contact, both at home and in efforts at exploration and conquest. How did medieval culture handle difference, and how did that influence early-modern and even modern approaches? The class will involve a mixture of lecture and discussion, and will include visits to local museum and manuscript collections to provide students first-hand contact with the visual and material culture of medieval Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT BOOKS OF JUDAISM: REREADING AGGADAH TALMUD", number:"null", id:"43194", path:"/courses/43194", description:"The Babylonian Talmud, known simply as the Bavli, is the foundational legal and ethical document of rabbinic Judaism. It is one of the best read works of world literature, and it is the most widely disseminated and revered rabbinic work. It not only contains legal discussions and rulings but rather it also presents the worldview of the rabbis. This course will analyze and contextualize the perspectives of the Talmud towards the important phases of life. We will examine in-depth several Talmudic passages relating to the various stages of the human lifecycle: birth and naming of the child; circumcision; bar/bat mitzva and adulthood; earning a livelihood and choosing a career; marriage and divorce; procreation and raising children; death, burial, mourning and the belief in the resurrection of the dead among others. We will evaluate these teachings in light of other traditions and in their broader late antiquity and contemporary contexts. All texts will be read in their English translation but originals will also be provided.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Intro to African American Literature", number:"null", id:"41277", path:"/courses/41277", description:"An introduction to African-American literature, typically ranging across a wide spectrum of moments, methodologies, and ideological postures, from Reconstruction and the Harlem Reanaissance to the Civil Rights Movement. Most versions of this course will begin in the 19th century; some versions of the course will concentrate only on the modern period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STAT FOR MGMT", number:"null", id:"39371", path:"/courses/39371", description:"Modern Data Mining: Statistics or Data Science has been evolving rapidly to keep up with the modern world. While classical multiple regression and logistic regression technique continue to be the major tools we go beyond to include methods built on top of linear models such as LASSO and Ridge regression. Contemporary methods such as KNN (K nearest neighbor), Random Forest, Support Vector Machines, Principal Component Analyses (PCA), the bootstrap and others are also covered. Text mining especially through PCA is another topic of the course. While learning all the techniques, we keep in mind that our goal is to tackle real problems. Not only do we go through a large collection of interesting, challenging real-life data sets but we also learn how to use the free, powerful software 'R' in connection with each of the methods exposed in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF WOMEN AND INFANTS", number:"null", id:"40416", path:"/courses/40416", description:"This course emphasizes the child-bearing cycle, and the related issues of maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. It also explores women and infant's health care and health promotion needs across the lifespan. It provides a global perspective, and uses the United Nations' Pillars of Safe Motherhood and World Health Organization's Millennium Development Goals as the vehicles to enable students to understand the interrelationships among issues of health and health promotion; social, economic, political and environmental contexts; and the care of women across the lifespan. Clinical experiences provide opportunities for students to understand the connections between the local and the global; to use their developing knowledge base to affect the health of women and their infants. Students will have opportunities for hospital-based care of child-bearing women and their infants. In addition, community-based experiences with individual women and with groups of women across the life cycle will be provided in order to enhance teaching, interviewing and assessment skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING AND PERFORMANCE: ART REVIEWING/CRITICISM", number:"null", id:"41293", path:"/courses/41293", description:"A creative writing workshop that engages visual, performance, multimedia, installation, and other forms of art and artistic practices. Offerings may include Across Forms: Making Art and Writing, Art Reviewing and Criticism, or other topics and themes. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO RES WRIT SEM (II)", number:"null", id:"38040", path:"/courses/38040", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMAGE AND SOUND EDITING", number:"null", id:"44145", path:"/courses/44145", description:"This course presents an in-depth look at the storytelling power of image and sound in both narrative and documentary motion pictures. Students apply a theoretical framework in ongoing workshops, exploring practical approaches to picture editing and sound design. Students edit scenes with a variety of aesthetic approaches, and create story-driven soundtracks with the use of sound FX, dialogue replacement, foleys, music and mixing. Students not only learn critical skills that expand creative possibilities, but also broaden their understanding of the critical relationship between image and sound.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"44966", path:"/courses/44966", description:"Discrete and continuous sample spaces and probability; random variables, distributions, independence; expectation and generating functions; Markov chains and recurrence theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EURO ART MUSIC", number:"null", id:"37595", path:"/courses/37595", description:"This course aims to introduce students to what it means to study the European musical tradition. Students will approach the divrese music that constitute the classical tradition from a variety of scholarly perspectives. The goal of this class is to listen deeply and think broadly. Students will consider questions such as: what sort of object is music? Where is it located? What does it mean to say a work is 'canonic'? What is left out of the story? This class will be in dialog with other tier-one classes, and will consider what the historian can bring to the study and understanding of music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42507", path:"/courses/42507", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 211. It aims to further develop students' overall language skills. The textbook will introduce various topics related to Chinese culture, society, economy, people and their everyday life as well as China's development since Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening-up policies in 1978. In class, current issues in China will be integrated to provide a new perspective for discussion. The emphasis is not only to consolidate students' foundation, but also enhance their understanding and distinguish different levels of language. Over the semester, students will have many opportunities to express and share their opinions on various topics related to China via communicative activities, presentations, and written assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT 2", number:"null", id:"36537", path:"/courses/36537", description:"The continuation of Spanish 135, Spanish 145 is a second-semester intermediate-level medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 135.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE MARATHI II", number:"null", id:"39303", path:"/courses/39303", description:"In the syllabus for the fourth semester Marathi course gaining language inputs regarding Marathi culture and day to day daily life in Maharashtra becomes one important topic. Day to day communication skills necessary to survive in Maharashtra on the street like interaction with a grocery store clerk or a vegetable sales woman in the market, a rikshaw driver, a policeman, a commoner, asking and providing directions on the street and various day to day real life situations are improvised and practiced. Vocabulary, sentence structures and associated grammar is acquired during practice and real life situations based exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN 18TH CENT ART: Rococo and Its Aftermath, 1715-2015", number:"null", id:"36770", path:"/courses/36770", description:"Topic varies. 

Fall 2015: Think the Palace of Versailles, brocade, lavishly flowing embellishments, shell-like and watery forms and endless sinuous curves, towering hair-dos, and sensuous pastel portraits. The Rococo is back, in art, art history, and popular culture. Yet it has lost nothing of its vexing nature. For two centuries now, critics have struggled to define Rococo and often found themselves in complete contradiction, either altogether denying its status as a style or claiming that it is not merely an ornamental style, but a style capable of suffusing all spheres of art. At the same time, its reputation has suffered from the powerful critique of its Enlightenment detractors, like the French critic and figurehead of the Enlightenment Denis Diderot, who huffed in 1771 with an eye on Francois Boucher, that its success rested alone on 'the libertinage, the brilliancy, the pompons, the bosoms and bottoms' that proliferated in Rococo canvases. This class will examine the rise and revival of the Rococo idiom from an international perspective and will also focus on issues of media/design, patronage and gender, new modes of display and the formation of modern museum culture, and last but not least, transnational patterns of circulation. The class will also discuss the revival that the Rococo has experienced from the 19th century to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSCI: EMOTIONS AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"45074", path:"/courses/45074", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Political Science, the study and analysis of political activities, political behavior, political thought, and systems of government. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN FILM AND LIT: MODERN SCI-FI CINEMA", number:"null", id:"39693", path:"/courses/39693", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON FOR BUS", number:"null", id:"39828", path:"/courses/39828", description:"The first part of the course covers basic microeconomic concepts such as opportunity cost, comparative advantage, supply and demand, importance of costs and revenues under perfect competition vs. monopoly, externalities and public goods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38287", path:"/courses/38287", description:"A continuation of CHIN 311 with more reading and discussions on social and cultural topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIV SEC ROLE GLOB HLTH", number:"null", id:"38710", path:"/courses/38710", description:"Issues surrounding global health have captivated the attention of the public sector and foundations for many decades. Many of their initiatives are realizing progress on the health-related Millennium Development Goals. The private sector has been less engaged in global health, but has a significant role to play in providing resources and in building infrastructure, human resource capacity and sustainability. This course explores entrepreneurial and other private sector solutions for health services and access to medicines and technologies in the developing world and other underserved areas. The course also encompasses study of creative programs to engage the private sector in development of vaccines and medicines for tropical and neglected diseases. Furthermore, the course addresses novel care systems and therapeutic strategies for the rapidly growing burden of chronic, non-communicable diseases in the developing world. In short, the course builds on the content of conventional global health courses from a managerial and entrepreneurial perspective. Learning is driven through readings, class discussion and a series of guest speakers representing a wide range of global health issues. Evaluation is largely based on a student group project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECT GEOMTRY & TOPOLGY", number:"null", id:"36078", path:"/courses/36078", description:"Informal introduction to such subjects as homology and homotopy theory, classical differential geometry, dynamical systems, and knot theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Don Quijote Then and Now", number:"null", id:"40718", path:"/courses/40718", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"38561", path:"/courses/38561", description:"This studio-based course examines the disciplinary spaces of landscape, art, and architecture through the medium of 3D animation and storytelling. We immerse ourselves in environments that may be as small as a cell or as large as a planet. From the refiguring of images, models, graphic design, or video to visualization or coding the genesis of whole environments, this course will allow for a variety of entry point for students of different disciplines and skill levels. Projects will range in scope from animated GIFs to animated shorts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIG INTEG CIRC&VLSI-FUND", number:"null", id:"44140", path:"/courses/44140", description:"Explores the design aspects involved in the realization of an integrated circuit from device up to the register/subsystem level. It addresses major design methodologies with emphasis placed on the structured design. The course includes the study of MOS device characteristics, the critical interconnect and gate characteristics which determine the performance of VLSI circuits, and NMOS and CMOS logic design. Students will use state-of-the-art CAD tools to verify designs and develop efficient circuit layouts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEEDFINDING", number:"null", id:"38787", path:"/courses/38787", description:"Needfinding is an approach that puts people and their needs at the center of product development and business strategy creation. Over 90% of new products introduced into the marketplace fail. A good portion of these failures are due to lack of understanding of end consumers and their needs. To develop truly successful new products, it's not enough just to ask people what they need or want. Designers and engineers need tools and techniques to get beyond what people can explicitly state and determine their implicit needs. Needfinding is an approach for developing deep insights that provide strategic direction for corporations and open up new possibilities for product development. In this class students will gain a toolset from which to develop their own approaches to conducting researching for design: learning how to think about other people, about culture, and about new perspectives. They will also learn tactical skills: how to define research questions, how to conduct observations and interviews, how to interpret results, how to synthesize them into fodder for design, and how to communicate their findings in a way that is compelling and actionable for designers, marketers, and business strategists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"43076", path:"/courses/43076", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS I", number:"null", id:"39672", path:"/courses/39672", description:"Principles of statistical mechanics with applications to systems of chemical interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BOOK&PUBLICATION DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38560", path:"/courses/38560", description:"Book and Publication Design will focus on the theory and professional practice of designing multi-page publications. Students will analyze formal structures of different types of books-literature and poetry, fiction and non-fiction compilations, illustrated volumes such as art catalogues, monographs and textbooks, and serial editions-discussing both traditional and experimental approaches. The format of the course will be split between theoretical and historical evaluations of book formats by drawing on the Van Pelt Rare Book Collection-and studio time where students will design books with attention to the format's conceptual relationship to the material at hand with a focus on typography and page layout, as well as on understanding production methods of printing and binding. In addition to the conventions of page layout students will examine paratextual elements (title page, practices of pagination and other internal structuring, content lists and indexes, colophons, notes and marginalia, end-leaves, binding, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI II: Intermediate Hindi Part II", number:"null", id:"38719", path:"/courses/38719", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN BIBB: YOUR BRAIN ON MEDITATION", number:"null", id:"42248", path:"/courses/42248", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the study of the Biological Basis of Behavior, an interdisciplinary field that examines the behavioral functions of the nervous system. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP: MGMT HC SERV BUS", number:"null", id:"41527", path:"/courses/41527", description:"HCMG 890-001: This course examines issues related to the Services Sector of thehealth care industry. For those interested in management, investing, or bankingto the health care industry, the services sector will likely be the largest and most dynamic sector within all of health care. We will study key management issues related to a number of different health care services businesses with a focus on common challenges related to reimbursement, regulatory, margin, growth, and competitive issues. We will look at a number of different businesses and subsectors that may have been unfamiliar to students prior to taking the course. We will make extensive use of outside speakers, many of whom will be true industry leaders within different sectors of the health care services industry. Speakers will address the current management issues they face in running their businesses as well as discuss the career decisions and leadership styles that enables them to reach the top of their profession. Students will be asked to develop a plan to both buyout and manage a specific health care services business of their choosing and will present their final plans to a panel of leading Health Care Private Equity investors who will evaluate their analysis. Prerequisites: HCMG 841. Health Care Management MBA majors only", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE/SEX DISCRIMINATION: Race and Sex Discrimination", number:"null", id:"44930", path:"/courses/44930", description:"This course is concerned with the structure, the causes and correlates, and the government policies to alleviate discrimination by race and gender in the United States. The central focus of the course is on employment differences by race and gender and the extent to which they arise from labor market discrimination versus other causes, although racial discrimination in housing is also considered. After a comprehensive overview of the structures of labor and housing markets and of nondiscriminatory reasons (that is, the cumulative effects of past discrimination and/or experiences) for the existence of group differentials in employment, wages and residential locations, various theories of the sources of current discrimination are reviewed and evaluated. Actual government policies and alternatives policies are evaluated in light of both the empirical evidence on group differences and the alternative theories of discrimination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC ENVIRONMENTAL HUMANITIES", number:"null", id:"44274", path:"/courses/44274", description:"This broadly interdisciplinary course is designed for Graduate and Undergraduate Fellows in the Penn Program in Environmental Humanities (PPEH) who hail from departments across Arts and Sciences as well as other schools at the university. The course is also open to others with permission of the instructors. Work in environmental humanities by necessity spans academic disciplines. By design, it can also address and engage publics beyond traditional academic settings. This seminar, with limited enrollment, explores best practices in public environmental humanities. Students receive close mentoring to develop and execute cross-disciplinary, public engagement projects on the environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES METHODS/PRAC IN IR", number:"null", id:"44357", path:"/courses/44357", description:"International Relations is concerned with both theory and practice so we employ a range of analytical tools to examine actors and events in world politics. The purpose of this course is to introduce students to the various research methods utilized by students and scholars in the field of IR including: case studies, historical - comparative and archival research, survey research, interviewing techniques, simulations, quantitative and statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"40944", path:"/courses/40944", description:"This is the beginners course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). It will introduce you to the speaking, listening, reading and writing skills in the standard means of communication in the Arab World. The course is proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. Evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, dictations, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that by the end of this course (ARAB 031) students will range in proficiency from Novice High to Intermediate Low on the ACTFL scale; in other words (using the terminology of the government's Foreign Service Institute), from 'incipient survival' to 'full' survival' in the native-speaking environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYNTAX I", number:"null", id:"40243", path:"/courses/40243", description:"A general introduction at the graduate level to the analysis of sentence structure. The approach taken is that of contemporary generative-transformational grammar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENSHIP", number:"null", id:"38829", path:"/courses/38829", description:"Legal Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical, hands-on course examining critical legal issues that confront start-up and mature companies with a focus on entrepreneurship. Students will emerge prepared to use law as a positive force for growth and success of their business plans, as well as to manage and mitigate legal risk via company policies, contracts, insurance or ADR. They will also learn when it is strategic and cost-effective to turn to legal counsel. Case studies incorporate current issues, and real life client/courtroom experience. Topics cover intellectual property; non-competition, non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements; choice of entity and tax; venture capital and private equity; mergers and acquisitions; bankruptcy; securities; discrimination; and independent contractors. This course will prove useful for any business career in providing an overview of business law and social policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SMELL AND TASTE", number:"null", id:"38202", path:"/courses/38202", description:"All organisms respond to chemicals in their environment. This chemosensation guides diverse behaviors such as a feeding, avoiding predators, sex, and social interactions. This course will provide a broad survey of our current understanding of taste and smell, focusing on insect and rodent model systems as well as studies in humans. The course will begin with a review of chemical signal transduction mechanisms, and build to an exploration of the cortical integration of chemical signals and chemical guided behaviors. Class time will emphasize primary literature, discussion, and student presentations. The goal is to reach an integrated understanding of the physiology and psychology of chemical sensory systems. In the process, students will learn to read and critically evaluate data from primary research articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY COLOMBIAN LITERATURE:  A HISTORY OF VIOLENCE AND REDEMPTION", number:"null", id:"43529", path:"/courses/43529", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION &  CULTURE", number:"null", id:"45090", path:"/courses/45090", description:"The course looks at varieties of human expression -- such as art, film, language and song -- as communicative practices that connect persons together to form a common culture. Discussion is centered around particular case studies and ethnographic examples. Examination of communicative practices in terms of the types of expressive signs they employ, their capacity to formulate and transmit cultural beliefs and ideals (such as conceptions of politics, nature, and self), and to define the size and characteristics of groups and communities sharing such ideals. Discussion of the role of media, social institutions, and technologies of communication (print, electronic). Emphasis on contemporary communicative practices and the forms of culture that emerge in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASTING AND HANDBUILDING: METHODS IN CLAY", number:"null", id:"37170", path:"/courses/37170", description:"Modeling and casting are fundamental methods of object-making. Students will learn basic handbuilding techniques such as coil building, slab construction, and mold making through assignments that incorporate conceptual and technical issues. Through experimentation with these methods, this course promotes an understanding of materials, processes, visual concepts, and techniques for creating three-dimensional forms in space. In addition to using different water-based clays and plaster, other materials such as wax, plastiline, paper pulp, cardboard, and tar paper will be explored. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS I", number:"null", id:"37400", path:"/courses/37400", description:"This course is designed for heritage speakers who have a strong background in everyday Korean. This course focuses on enhancing linguistic accuracy (spelling, grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation) and fluency (idiomatic and figurative expressions, narrative structure, discursive practice) in both spoken and written Korean, as well as gaining a deeper understanding of Korean culture. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to express themselves more accurately and participate in Korea-related communities more meaningfully. This course and its subsequent course KORN 132 complete the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPROACHES TO GENRE: POETRY OUT LOUD", number:"null", id:"38355", path:"/courses/38355", description:"This is a topics course. This seminar engages questions of literary genre, including its function as a mediating presence for thinking about audience, literary history, and the marketplace. The theme of the seminar will chnage with the instructor. Customarily this course will be affiliated with Communication within the Curriculum (CWIC), and so will have a speaking and presentation component to it. The topic for Fall 2016 will be POETRY OUT LOUD.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUFISM", number:"null", id:"40635", path:"/courses/40635", description:"The goal of this course is to examine the ways in which the figure of Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, has been viewed and constructed in a number of different times and places. As the semester begins, we will examine the historical Muhammad, then we will focus on the Prophet as a site of contestation for various claims of authority and authenticity in both medieval and modern contexts. Over the course of the semsterd will examine a variety of sources in prose, poetry and art, drawn from a broad range of cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ISLAM IN MODERN WORLD", number:"null", id:"42076", path:"/courses/42076", description:"This course key issues facing Muslims in the modern world with an emphasis on gaining an understanding of how Muslims view themselves and the world in which they live. Beginning with a discussion of the impact of colonialism, we will examine Islamic ideas and trends from the late colonial period until the present. Readings include religious, political and literary writings by important Muslim figures and focus on pressing issues in the Islamic world an beyond: the place of religion in modern national politics; the changing status of women; constructions of sexuality (including masculinity); pressing issues in bioethics; Islam, race and immigration in America; the role of violence; and the manifestations of religion in popular culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PORTRAITS RUSS SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40645", path:"/courses/40645", description:"This course covers 19C Russian cultural and social history. Each week-long unit is organized around a single medium-length text (novella, play, memoir) which opens up a single scene of social historybirth, death, duel, courtship, tsar, and so on. Each of these main texts is accompanied by a set of supplementary materialspaintings, historical readings, cultural-analytical readings, excerpts from other literary works, etc. The object of the course is to understand the social codes and rituals that informed nineteenth-century Russian life, and to apply this knowledge in interpreting literary texts, other cultural objects, and even historical and social documents (letters, memoranda, etc.). We will attempt to understand social history and literary interpretation as separate disciplinesyet also as disciplines that can inform one another. In short: we will read the social history through the text, and read the text against the social history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"N.AFRICA:HIST,CULTR,SOC", number:"null", id:"37617", path:"/courses/37617", description:"This interdisciplinary seminar aims to introduce students to the countries of North Africa, with a focus on the Maghreb and Libya (1830-present). It does so while examining the region's close economic and cultural connections to sub-Saharan Africa, Europe, and the Middle East. Readings will include histories, political analyses, anthropological studies, and novels, and will cover a wide range of topics such as colonial and postcolonial experiences, developments in Islamic thought and practice, and labor migration. This class is intended for juniors, seniors, and graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDATIONS OF ENG MATH II", number:"null", id:"35692", path:"/courses/35692", description:"Vector Analysis: space curves, Frenet - Serret formulae, vector theorems, reciprocal systems, co and contra variant components, orthogonal curvilinear systems. Matrix theory: Gauss-Jordan elimination, eigen values and eigen vectors, quadratic and canonical forms, vector spaces, linear independence, Triangle and Schwarz inequalities, n-tuple space.Variational calculus: Euler-Lagrange equation, Finite elements, Weak formulation, Galerkin technique, FEMLAB. Tensors: Einstein summation, tensors of arbitrary order, dyads and polyads, outer and inner products, quotient law, metric tensor, Euclidean and Riemannian spaces, physical components, covariant differentiation, detailed evaluation of Christoffel symbols, Ricci's theorem, intrinsic differentiation, generalized acceleration, Geodesics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"45198", path:"/courses/45198", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN CONTEMP ART: ART AND RESISTANCE", number:"null", id:"43750", path:"/courses/43750", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE U.S. AND THE WORLD SINCE 1898", number:"null", id:"35947", path:"/courses/35947", description:"This class examines the emergence of the U.S. as a world power since 1898, and considers both the international and domestic consequences of U.S. foreign relations. In one respect, the twentieth century was a strange time to become a global empire: it was the period when colonial systems centered in Europe, Russia, Japan, and Turkey collapsed, and new nations emerged throughout Africa and Asia. This class explores the changing strategies of military, economic, and political intervention that the U.S. pursued as colonization lost legitimacy. Within that framework, the class invites students to think about several questions: How did the idea and practice of empire change over the twentieth century? How did the United States relate to new visions of independence emerging in Africa, Asia, and Latin America? How did global interactions both inform and reflect racial ideology in the United States? Finally, how did international affairs transform U.S. politics and social movements?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN AND MNGL ACCT", number:"null", id:"42277", path:"/courses/42277", description:"This course provides an introduction to both financial and managerial accounting, and emphasizes the analysis and evaluation of accounting information as part of the managerial processes of planning, decision-making, and control. A large aspect of the course covers the fundamentals of financial accounting. The objective is to provide a basic overview of financial accounting, including basic accounting concepts and principles, as well as the structure of the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows. The course also introduces elements of managerial accounting and emphasizes the development and use of accounting information for internal decisions. Topics include cost behavior and analysis, product and service costing, and relevant costs for internal decision-making. This course is recommended for students who will be using accounting information for managing manufacturing and service operations, controlling costs, and making strategic decisions, as well as those going into general consulting or thinking of starting their own businesses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR APPLIC OF STATISTIC", number:"null", id:"35707", path:"/courses/35707", description:"Principles and engineering applications of statistical inference. The basic topics covered are parameter estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing. Additional topics may include analysis of variance (ANOVA) and/or linear regression. Each method is treated both from theoretical and applied viewpoints, including software analysis of selected data sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PLAY", number:"null", id:"39393", path:"/courses/39393", description:"How does one read a play? Theatre, as a discipline, focuses on the traditions of live performance. In those traditions, a play text must be read not only as a piece of literature, but as a kind of 'blueprint' from which productions are built. This course will introduce students to a variety of approaches to reading plays and performance pieces. Drawing on a wide range of dramatic texts from different periods and places, we will examine how plays are made, considering issues such as structure, genre, style, character, and language, as well as the use of time, space, and theatrical effects. Although the course is devoted to the reading and analysis of plays, we will also view selected live and/or filmed versions of several of the scripts we study, assessing their translation from page to stage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DESIGN", number:"null", id:"40954", path:"/courses/40954", description:"Content and technique are explored in this studio course through the vehicle of a design project focused on the development of a critical understanding of geometries and mathematics in the representation and fabrication of contemporary architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICE WITH SELECT POPULATION: ADOLESCENTS", number:"null", id:"45239", path:"/courses/45239", description:"Focus on assessment and treatment of adolescents in a variety of settings. Didactic emphasis is on the special needs encountered among adolescents. This course adds to the student's previous knowledge and skill in the delivery of primary care. Working with this specific population the student gains necessary knowledge and experience in assisting individuals with most common health problems, including acute episodic illness and stable chronic disease, as well as health promotion needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARMA & GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"42328", path:"/courses/42328", description:"In some parts of the world, spending on pharmaceuticals is astronomical. In others, people do not have access to basic or life-saving drugs. Individuals struggle to afford medications; whole populations are neglected, considered too poor to constitute profitable markets for the development and distribution of necessary drugs. This seminar analyzes the dynamics of the burgeoning international pharmaceutical trade and the global inequalities that emerge from and are reinforced by market-driven medicine. Questions about who will be treated and who will not filter through every phase of pharmaceutical production --from preclinical research to human testing, marketing, distribution, prescription, and consumption.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION, SOCIAL JUSTICE & URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"45029", path:"/courses/45029", description:"Urban development has been influenced by religious conceptions of social and economic justice. Progressive traditions within Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, Baha'i, Humanism and other religions and systems of moral thought have yielded powerful critiques of oppression and hierarchy as well as alternative economic frameworks for ownership, governance, production, labor, and community. Historical and contemporary case studies from the Americas, Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Middle East will be considered, as we examine the ways in which religious responses to poverty, inequality, and ecological destruction have generated new forms of resistance and development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS IV", number:"null", id:"36060", path:"/courses/36060", description:"Partial differential equations and their solutions, including solutions of the wave, heat and Laplace equations, and Sturm-Liouville problems. Introduction to Fourier series and Fourier transforms. Computation of solutions, modeling using PDE's, geometric intuition, and qualitative understanding of the evolution of systems according to the type of partial differential operator.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION, SOCIAL JUSTICE & URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"39424", path:"/courses/39424", description:"Urban development has been influenced by religious conceptions of social and economic justice. Progressive traditions within Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, Baha'i, Humanism and other religions and systems of moral thought have yielded powerful critiques of oppression and hierarchy as well as alternative economic frameworks for ownership, governance, production, labor, and community. Historical and contemporary case studies from the Americas, Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Middle East will be considered, as we examine the ways in which religious responses to poverty, inequality, and ecological destruction have generated new forms of resistance and development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLEAN WATER-GREEN CITIES", number:"null", id:"37120", path:"/courses/37120", description:"This course will provide an overview of the cross-disciplinary fields of civil engineering, environmental sciences, urban hydrology, landscape architecture, green building, public outreach and politics. Students will be expected to conduct field investigations, review scientific data and create indicator reports, working with stakeholders and presenting the results at an annual symposium. There is no metaphor like water itself to describe the cumulative effects of our practices, with every upstream action having an impact downstream. In our urban environment, too often we find degraded streams filled with trash, silt, weeds and dilapidated structures. The water may look clean, but is it? We blame others, but the condition of the creeks is directly related to how we manage our water resources and our land. In cities, these resources are often our homes, our streets and our communities. This course will define the current issues of the urban ecosystem and how we move toward managing this system in a sustainable manner. We will gain an understanding of the dynamic, reciprocal relationship between practices in an watershed and its waterfront. Topics discussed include: drinking water quality and protection, green infrastructure, urban impacts of climate change, watershed monitoring, public education, creating strategies and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULTERY NOVEL", number:"null", id:"42579", path:"/courses/42579", description:"The object of this course is to analyze narratives of adultery from Shakespeare to the present and to develop a vocabulary for thinking critically about the literary conventions and social values that inform them. Many of the themes (of desire, transgression, suspicion, discovery) at the heart of these stories also lie at the core of many modern narratives. Is there anything special, we will ask, about the case of adultery--once called 'a crime which contains within itself all others'? What might these stories teach us about the way we read in general? By supplementing classic literary accounts by Shakespeare, Pushkin, Flaubert, Chekhov, and Proust with films and with critical analyses, we will analyze the possibilities and limitations of the different genres and forms under discussion, including novels, films, short stories, and theatre. What can these forms show us (or not show us)about desire, gender, family and social obligation? Through supplementary readings and class discussions, we will apply a range of critical approaches to place these narratives of adultery in a social and literary context, including formal analyses of narrative and style, feminist criticism, Marxist and sociological analyses of the family, and psychoanalytic understandings of desire and family life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE OF SUCCESS", number:"null", id:"44416", path:"/courses/44416", description:"This course explores the history, literature, and philosophy of two age-old questions: what does it mean to be successful and how does one achieve this elusive goal? It surveys some of the classics of the 'success' genre - from Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography in the 18th century to Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People and Marcus Buckingham's Now, Discover Your Strengths in the 20th and 21st centuries. Case studies of remarkable achievements in business and society and Arthur Miller's play Death of a Salesman provide additional contexts within which to reflect on the questions at the center of the course. Students will keep a personal journal and use web-based tools to examine their own character strengths, talents, and achievement orientations. Grading is based on class attendance and participation, reading response papers, personal journals on assigned topics involving self reflection, a mid-term paper on an assigned research subject related to success, and a final, longer paper exploring, based on course readings and original research, each students personal philosophy of success. No final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"40177", path:"/courses/40177", description:"A first semester elementary language course for students who have never studied Italian or who have had very little exposure to the language. Students who have previously studied Italian are required to take the placement test. Class work emphasizes the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF WOMEN'S HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"41867", path:"/courses/41867", description:"This course will utilize a multidisciplinary approach to address the field of women's health care. The constructs of women's health care will be examined from a clinical, as well as sociological, anthropological and political point of view. Topics will reflect the historical movement of women's health care from an an obstetrical/gynecological view to one that encompasses the entire life span and life needs of women. The emphasis of the course will be to undertake a critical exploration of the diversity diversity of women's health care needs and the past and current approaches to this care. Issues will be addressed from both a national and global perspective, with a particular focus on the relationship between women's equality/inequality status and state of health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY MATH TEACH PRO", number:"null", id:"44454", path:"/courses/44454", description:"This course allows Penn students to teach a series of hands-on activities to students in math classes at University City High School. The semester starts with an introduction to successful approaches for teaching math in urban high schools. The rest of the semester will be devoted to a series of weekly hands-on activities designed to teach fundamental aspects of geometry. The first class meeting of each week, Penn faculty teach Penn students the relevant mathematical background and techniques for a hands-on activity. During the second session of each week, Penn students will teach the hands-on activity to a small group of UCHS students. The Penn students will also have an opportunity to develop their own activity and to implement it with the UCHS students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRM MODERN HEBREW III", number:"null", id:"35899", path:"/courses/35899", description:"Development of the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew on an intermediate level. Open to all students who have completed two semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - MODERNISM: T.S. ELIOT'S WASTE LAND", number:"null", id:"39880", path:"/courses/39880", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary modernism intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Past offerings have included seminars on the avant-garde, on the politics of modernism, and on its role in shaping poetry, music, and the visual arts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWEDISH II", number:"null", id:"44915", path:"/courses/44915", description:"Part two of the elementary level Swedish course. Authentic texts and media will be introduced, as well as opportunities to communicate with native speakers. By the end of the spring semester you will be able to handle a range of practical situations, such as ordering in restaurants and cafes, shopping, talking about family, holidays, plans, daily routines, health, sports/hobbies, jobs and studies. You will work on expressing your opinions and intentions, likes and dislikes, and understanding basic authentic source media, spoken language, etc. You will also learn about Sweden in an international context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH I", number:"null", id:"43896", path:"/courses/43896", description:"A fast-paced introduction to the fundamental concepts of programming and software design. This course assumes some previous programming experience, at the level of a high school computer science class or CIS110. (If you got at least 4 in the AP Computer Science A or AB exam, you will do great.) No specific programming language background is assumed: basic experience with any language (for instance Java, C, C++, VB, Python, Perl, or Scheme) is fine. If you have never programmed before, you should take CIS 110 first.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOVE, LUST AND VIOLENCE IN THE MIDDLE AGES", number:"null", id:"42954", path:"/courses/42954", description:"Medieval Europe was undoubtedly gruff and violent but it also gave birth to courtly culture - raw worries transformed into knights who performed heroic deeds, troubadours wrote epics in their honor and love songs about their ladies, women of the elite carved out a place in public discourse as patrons of the arts, and princely courts were increasingly defined by pageantry from jousting tournaments to royal coronations. This course will trace the development of this courtly culture from the eleventh to the sixteenth century, from its roots in Southern France to its spread to Northern France and then to various kingdoms in Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NGOS & HUMANITARIANISM", number:"null", id:"35293", path:"/courses/35293", description:"How are non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and various humanitarian assistance projects playing a role in the lives of people across the globe? While focusing primarily (but not exclusively) on the African continent, this course will examine the rise of non-governmental bodies as political, economic, and social actors in an increasingly globalized, neoliberal world. Through a variety of theoretical discussions and case studies, we will discuss issues such as: the relationship of NGOs to governmental institutions, the ethical considerations of humanitarian assistance, the politics of 'development,' the ebb and flow of international aid money, the intersection of capitalism and NGOs, and the impact of humanitarian projects on local cultural processes. Students will leave this course with not only a better understanding of the complex webs of NGO interventions across the world, but will also cultivate a critical awareness of the potential problems raised by such institutions and their broader networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"A HISTORY OF FILMS BY AND ABOUT NATIVE AMERICANS", number:"null", id:"44879", path:"/courses/44879", description:"This course will examine films by and about Native Americans. From the very beginnings of film history, Native Americans have been a centrally important subject. While much of the writing about Native American films tends to focus on the perpetuation of stereotypes, this class will concentrate on four primarythemes: 1) the role that film plays in helping the audience to understand the exceedingly complex place of indigenous people in 'American' identity (with 'American' signifying, in this instance, a hemispheric sense of identity); 2) the myriad of ways that indigenous people have been involved in the history of film as extras, actors, directors, producers; 3) how representations changed when Native Americans took control of production; 4) the ways in which films by and about Native Americans have helped to heal the historical trauma resulting from the 'Indian Wars' that have gone on for 500+ years on the North American continent.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"42720", path:"/courses/42720", description:"This course will provide an introduction to computation and data analysis using MATLAB - an industry standard programming and visualization environment. The course will cover the fundamentals of computing including: variables, functions, decisions, iteration, and recursion. These concepts will be illustrated through examples and assignments which show how computing is applied to various scienti?c and engineering problems. Examples will be drawn from the simulation of physical and chemical systems, the analysis of experimental data, Monte Carlo numerical experiments, image processing, and the creation of graphical user interfaces. This course does not assume any prior programming experience but will make use of basic concepts from calculus and Newtonian physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"42015", path:"/courses/42015", description:"Students will use course readings and their community service to analyze the institutions, ideas, interests, social movements, and leadership that shape the 'politics of food' in different arenas. Service opportunities include work with the Urban Nutrition Initiative, Community School Student Partnerships, and the possibility of other placements as approved by the professors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSLIM SAINTHOOD PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"43474", path:"/courses/43474", description:"This course aims at introducing various classical, popular and modern Muslim saints in South Asia. We will read the life stories of these saints and focus on their contribution to various religions in South Asia. We will read the life stories of these saints and focus on their contribution to various religions in South Asia. We will learn about the major concepts initiated and circulated by these saints and their distinctive ways of dealing with spiritual aspects. While focusing on thir sainthood practices, we also study the nature of the dialogue which addresses the questions such as pluralism, localism, and a new paradigm of spirituality that continually interacts with diverse modes of everyday life in South Asia. In order to understand their impact on visual and media cultures, we also watch two documentaries and compare these visual sources with sainthood literature and practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN POLITICAL PHIL: Hobbes, Locke, Mill, Marx, Rawls", number:"null", id:"39167", path:"/courses/39167", description:"A survey of several works in modern political philosophy, including Thomas Hobbes's, Leviathan; John Locke's, Second Treatise on Government and Letter Concerning Toleration; David Hume's 'Of the Original Contract' and 'On Justice'; John Stuart Mill's Utilitarianism, On Liberty, and The Subjection of Women; excerpts from Karl Marx's Capital and other writings; and John Rawls's A Theory of Justice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRM MODERN HEBREW III", number:"null", id:"42919", path:"/courses/42919", description:"Development of the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew on an intermediate level. Open to all students who have completed two semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"38017", path:"/courses/38017", description:"Permission of Instructor Required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIRE AND DEMAND", number:"null", id:"36715", path:"/courses/36715", description:"Does consumption shape culture or does culture shape consumption? As even the most mundane purchase becomes socially symbolic and culturally meaningful we can persuasively argue that the concept of 'need' has been transformed. Analyzing a variety of physical and virtual consumer venues, the goal of this seminar is to understand and to analyze historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. We investigate social and political-economic factors that impact when and how people purchase goods and argue that behavior attached to consumption includes a nexus of influences that may change periodically in response to external factors. Readings and research assignments are interdisciplinary and require a critical analysis of global/local linkages. The city of Philadelphia becomes the seminar's laboratory as we ask how have issues of culture, consumption, and global capitalism become intertwined around the world?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WATER WORLDS", number:"null", id:"41503", path:"/courses/41503", description:"As a result of climate change, the world that will take shape in the course of this century will be decidedly more inundated with water than we're accustomed to. The polar ice caps are melting, glaciers are retreating, ocean levels are rising, polar bear habitat is disappearing, countries are jockeying for control over a new Arctic passage, while low-lying cities and small island nations are confronting the possibility of their own demise. Catastrophic flooding events are increasing in frequency, as are extreme droughts. Hurricane-related storm surges,tsunamis, and raging rivers have devastated regions on a local and global scale. In this seminar we will turn to the narratives and images that the human imagination has produced in response to the experience of overwhelming watery invasion, from Noah to New Orleans. Objects of analysis will include mythology, ancient and early modern diluvialism, literature, art, film, and commemorative practice. The basic question we'll be asking is: What can we learn from the humanities that will be helpful for confronting the problems and challenges caused by climate change and sea level rise?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF SPACE AND TIME", number:"null", id:"41953", path:"/courses/41953", description:"This course provides an introduction to the philosophy and intellectual history of space-time and cosmological models from ancient to modern times with special emphasis on paradigm shifts, leading to Einstein's theories of special and general relativity and cosmology. Other topics include Big Bang, black holes stellar structure, the metaphysics of substance, particles, fields, and superstrings, unification and grand unification of modern physical theories. No philosophy of physics background is presupposed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL SIGNAL PROC", number:"null", id:"37150", path:"/courses/37150", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of discrete-time signals and systems and digital filters. Specific topics covered include: review of discrete-time signal and linear system representations in the time and frequency domain, and convolution; discrete-time Fourier transform (DTFT); Z-transforms; frequency response of linear discrete-time systems; sampling of continuous-time signals, analog to digital conversion, sampling-rate conversion; basic discrete-time filter structures and types; finite implulse response (FIR) and infinite impulse response (IIR) filters; design of FIR and IIR filters; discrete Fourier transform (DFT), the fast Fourier transform (FFT) algorithm and its applications in filtering and spectrum estimation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: THE TEENAGE BRAIN", number:"null", id:"39449", path:"/courses/39449", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE & SCIENCE: FUTURES PAST", number:"null", id:"37051", path:"/courses/37051", description:"Literature and science have long had an intense and varied relationship, both worlds shaping one another even as their claims to truth have converged and diverged. Both are forms of inquiry; both have richly interdisciplinary histories; both rely on finding and explaining patterns to reveal some inner truth about the world. The primary material for this course will be representations of science in literature, film, comics, and digital media: imagining possible futures and alternate worlds; considering science's political dimensions; and interogating its habit of seeing identity differently and even destructively. On the way we'll also think about issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality. Assignments will include close-reading exercises, group presentations, and formal papers. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN", number:"null", id:"37715", path:"/courses/37715", description:"This course provides tools and methods for creating new products. The course is intended for students with a strong career interest in new product development , entrepreneurship, and/or technology development. The course follows an overall product design methodology, including the identification of customer needs, generation of product concepts, prototyping, and design-for-manufacturing. Weekly student assignments are focused on the design of a new product and culminate in the creation of a prototype. The course is open to juniors and seniors in SEAS or Wharton.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: TRANSNATIONAL CINEMA", number:"null", id:"35479", path:"/courses/35479", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Cinema Studies intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS THEORIES GENDER/SEX: THINKING SEX", number:"null", id:"38490", path:"/courses/38490", description:"This course explores an aspect of gender and sexuality intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET VS DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"43966", path:"/courses/43966", description:"At the turn of the 21st century, many claimed that the internet would make the world a more democratic place. Have these prophecies born out? We examine the effects the internet has had on democracy, looking at research that examines whether, for instance, the internet has increased or decreased inequality, polarization, and political participation. In addition to reading and discussing empirical literature, we will also test many of the theories in this course through hands-on workshops in data science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44724", path:"/courses/44724", description:"This course provides tools and methods for creating new products. The course is intended for students with a strong career interest in new product development , entrepreneurship, and/or technology development. The course follows an overall product design methodology, including the identification of customer needs, generation of product concepts, prototyping, and design-for-manufacturing. Weekly student assignments are focused on the design of a new product and culminate in the creation of a prototype, which is launched at an end-of-semester public Design Fair. The course project is a physical good - but most of the tools and methods apply to services and software products. The course is open to any Penn sophomore, junior, senior or graduate student.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV HINDI LANG & LIT", number:"null", id:"38720", path:"/courses/38720", description:"Advanced Hindi aims at systematically developing higher level linguistic functions and cultural nuances. Students learn to describe, narrate and support opinions in informal and formal styles. The objective of the course is to promote a meaningful interaction with written literature and with native speakers in a socially acceptable manner in a variety of simple and complicated situations. A variety of authentic materials are used, such as short stories, plays, newspapers, magazines, videos, television and radio broadcasts, and interviews. Every semester the course materials and foci vary depending on the needs and interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS RENAISSANCE DRAMA: ACTING SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"40760", path:"/courses/40760", description:"Through specialized readings, writing assignments, and in-class acting exercises, the class will develop methods of interpreting Shakespeare's plays through theatrical practice. Topics include Shakespeare's use of soliloquy, two and three person scenes, the dramatic presentation of narrative source material, modes of defining and presenting the 'worlds' of the plays, and the use of theatrical practice to establish authoritative text.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARLY SHINTO: Archaeology, Mythology, and Rituals", number:"null", id:"37002", path:"/courses/37002", description:"Shinto is often believed to have been an indigenous religion in Japan, and this original animistic creed of the Japanese people may possibly go back to the late Jamon period (ca.2000 BC). But we do not know much about early Shinto, sometimes called koshinto, which may have been a mixture of various beliefs that are based on unrelated local religions. In this course, we will survey the basic beliefs and practices of Shinto today, learn the core Shinto myths and legends compiled in the Kojiki and the Nihon Shoki in the early 8th century, and explore the beliefs and rituals before the advent of Buddhism in the mid-6th century. As we go through ritual artifacts and architectural structures in the archaeological remains of the prehistoric periods in Japan students will be exposed to the background and the general context in which early belief systems originally developed. We will also attempt to identify any elements in the archaeological data that reflect the beliefs and practices that are associated with modern-day Shinto. These topics will be examined from archaeological, anthropological, historical, and religious perspectives. The course aims to provide a strong foundation for further study in early Japanese history and religions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L HOUSING COMPARISNS", number:"null", id:"36449", path:"/courses/36449", description:"This course focuses on international comparisons of housing finance systems and housing market outcomes. This includes comparative analyses of the economic factors that underlay housing market differences and similarities. Changing housing market institutions and policies in previously socialist economies and newly emerging countries are examined. The course also addresses integration of global financial markets for national housing markets. International speakers present their views on institutional innovations and the policy setting process in their respective markets. Various approaches to understanding these issues will be used, including readings, written assignments, and group projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF SPORT", number:"null", id:"36328", path:"/courses/36328", description:"This is an introductory philosophy course that uses philosophical tools to understand and answer questions that arise in and about sports. There are no philosophy prerequisites, but participation in high school and/or college sthletics would be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ONCOLOGY NURSING: ASSESSMENT, DIAGNOSIS, & CANCER MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"45242", path:"/courses/45242", description:"Emphasis is on the application of critical thinking and diagnostic reasoning skills in advanced clinical decision making. Students access, diagnose, and manage the care of oncology patients with a variety of cancers. The delivery of care and evaluation of role effectiveness within the health care system are examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"36251", path:"/courses/36251", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"36800", path:"/courses/36800", description:"Managerial economics is the application of microeconomic theory to managerial decision-making. Microeconomic theory is a remarkably useful body of ideas for understanding and analyzingt the behavior of individuals and firms in a variety of economic settingsd. The goal of the course is for you to understand this body of theory well enough so that you can effectively analyze managerial (and other) problems in an economic framework. While this is a 'tools' course, we will cover many business applications so taht you can witness the usefulness of thse tools and acquire the skills to use them yourself. We will depart from the usualy microeconomic thoery course by giving more emphasis to prescription: What should a manager do in order to achieve some objective? That course deliverable is to be cmpared with description: Why do firms and consumers act the way they do? The latter will still be quite prominent in this course because only by understanding how customers and competitors behave can a manager determine the best strategy. Turning to coverage, the course begins with development of the theory of supply and demand underlying the competitive model. We then turn to monopoly and oligopoly and investigate the development and use of market power such s through price descrimination. 

Strategic interaction is explored both in product markets and auctions. Finally, the challenges created by asymmetric information - both in the market and within the firm - are investigated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW MEDIA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"43965", path:"/courses/43965", description:"This course seeks to trace the evolving relationship between new media technologies and political power, process, and change from multiple perspectives: the citizen/voter, the campaign, and the news media. Major theories of communication and persuasion are the foundation of this course. We will apply these theories to each of the above perspectives beginning with a brief history of U.S. political campaigns before the advent of the internet in presidential campaigns in 1996. From there we will take a deeper dive into the landmark changes brought on by new media technologies to mobilize, persuade, inform, and fundraise around the presidential campaigns since then. We will then follow how the new U.S. president and new Congress operate in this ever evolving media and digital landscape through the crucial first 100 days. Finally, we will examine issues of social media and activism, including its use as a tool for regime change, social change, and terrorism in the U.S. and around the world. New media include, but are not limited to, the internet, email, texting, blogging, social media, and 'Big Data.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEAS", number:"null", id:"43802", path:"/courses/43802", description:"This course will familiarize students with advances in our understanding of the clinical features and pathogenesis of a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, prion diseases, Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonisms, neurodegenerative ataxias, motoneuron diseases, degenerative diseases with chorea, iron and copper disorders, and mitochondrial diseases. Students will analyze original research reports on a range of proposed pathological cellular processes that may represent steps in cell dealth pathways leading to neuron loss seen in these diseases. Significant emphasis will be placed on the fast-expanding fieldexploring genetic contributions to neurodegenerative disease, as identification of genetic mutations pathogenenic for familial neurodegenerative diseases has been a major driving force in neurodegenerative research and pointed researchers towards essential molecular process that may underlie these disorders. Strategies for therapeutic intervention in the management, prevention, and cure of neurodegenerative disease will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS II", number:"null", id:"36065", path:"/courses/36065", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects useful in the analysis of information and computation: logic, set theory, theory of computation, number theory, probability, and basic cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DARWIN'S LEGACY", number:"null", id:"42186", path:"/courses/42186", description:"Darwin's conceptions of evolution have become a central organizing principle of modern biology. This lecture course will explore the origins and emergence of his ideas, the scientific work they provoked, and their subsequent re-emergence into modern evolutionary theory. In order to understand the living world, students will have the opportunity to read and engage with various classic primary sources by Darwin, Mendel, and others. The course willconclude with guest lectures on evolutionary biology today, emphasizing currentissues, new methods, and recent discoveries. In short, this is a lecture course on the emergence of modern evolutionary biology--its central ideas, their historical development and their implications for the human future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"44151", path:"/courses/44151", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP. GOVERNANCE EXEC", number:"null", id:"37526", path:"/courses/37526", description:"This class examines the relationships between corporate managers, the boards of directors charged with overseeing them, and investors. We'll review the responsibilities of the board, including financial statement approval, CEO performance assessment, executive compensation, and succession planning. While boards are legally bound to represent the interests of equity investors, in the course of carrying out this role they are often called on to respond to the needs of numerous other stakeholders, including customers, employees, government and society at large. With global brands at risk and mistakes instantly transmitted via Internet and social media, the reputational stakes are very high. 

The course is a combination of lecture, guest lecture, discussion, and in-class research workshops. We will review theories underlying modern governance practice, drawing from evidence provided by research across diverse fields, including finance, sociology, and organization theory. We'll study specific situations where boards and management teams face governance challenges and assess the strategies used to deal with them. Finally, we'll examine the ways in which governance arrangements and external stakeholder involvement in governance affects corporate social behavior and global citizenship. 

Inactive", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN AMERICAN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42021", path:"/courses/42021", description:"This course examines the dynamics of political and economic change in twentieth century Latin America, with the goal of achieving an understanding of contemporary politics in the region. We will analyze topics such as the incorporation of the region to the international economy and the consolidation of oligarchic states (1880s to 1930s), corporatism, populism, and elict pacts (1930s and 1940s), social revolution, democratic breakdown, and military rule (1960s and 1970s), transitions to democracy and human rights advocacy (1980s), makret-oriented reforms (1990s), and the turn to the left of current governments (2000s). The course will draw primarily from the experiences of Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Chile and Mexico. No prior knowledge of the region is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE BENGALI I", number:"null", id:"39593", path:"/courses/39593", description:"This course develops the student's prior knowledge of Bengali. An attempt is made to gear the syllabus to meet the specific needs of students. The focus of the course is to develop the oral and aural skills of the learner as well as improve writing skills and reading strategies. Emphasis is also laid on increasing the sociolinguistic and strategic competence of the learners so that they will be able to function in the target culture. Besides discussions on various aspects of Bengali life, students read some short literary texts in the original Bengali version.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Sociological Research", number:"null", id:"43490", path:"/courses/43490", description:"One of the defining characteristics of all the social sciences, including sociology, is a commitment to empirical research as the basis for knowledge. This course is designed to provide you with a basic understanding of research in the social sciences and to enable you to think like a social scientist. Through this course students will learn both the logic of sociological inquiry and the nuts and bolts of doing empirical research. We will focus on such issues as the relationship between theory and research, the logic of research design, issues of conceptualization and measurement, basic methods of data collection, and what social scientists do with data once they have collected them. By the end of the course, students will have completed sociological research projects utilizing different empirical methods, be able to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of various research strategies, and read (with understanding) published accounts of social science research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"44170", path:"/courses/44170", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART, DESIGN AND DIGITAL CULTURE", number:"null", id:"37172", path:"/courses/37172", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamental perception, representation, aesthetics, and design that shape today's visual culture. It addresses the way artists and designers create images; design with analog and digital tools; communicate, exchange, and express meaning over broad range of media; and find their voices within the fabric of contemporary art, design, and visual culture. Emphasis is placed on building an extended form of visual literacy by studying and making images using a variety of representation techniques; learning to organize and structure two-dimensional and three-dimensional space, and designing with time-based and procedural media. Students learn to develop an individual style of idea-generation, experimentation, iteration, and critique as part of their creative and critical responses to visual culture. 

If you need assistance registering for a closed section, please email the department at fnarug@design.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35462", path:"/courses/35462", description:"A continuation of CHIN 311 with more reading and discussions on social and cultural topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-Managing Fixed Income Portfolios", number:"null", id:"35810", path:"/courses/35810", description:"The goal of this course is to teach you how to manage a real portfolio of Treasury, sovereign, corporate and mortgage bonds. We develop three basic models for the yield curve, for credit (and sovereign) spreads, and for mortgage spreads. We use theses models to find value in the bond market. To implement the concepts learned in class, students form teams to manage a paper portfolio using Barclays Point, a state-of-the-art management system. Your team will trade a $1 billion portfolio of bonds for which your goal will be to outperform the Barclays Aggregate Index. You trade real securities at real prices - only the money is fake. There is a MANDATORY Tutorial on Barclays POINT system on Friday, January 23, 2015 from 9:00 AM to 12:00 noon.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO INDIAN PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"42104", path:"/courses/42104", description:"This course will take the student through the major topics of Indian philosophy by first introducing the fundamental concepts and terms that are necessary for a deeper understanding of themes that pervade the philosophical literature of India -- arguments for and against the existence of God, for example, the ontological status of external objects, the means of valid knowledge, standards of proof, the discourse on the aims of life. The readings will emphasize classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain philosophical articulations (from 700 B.C.E to 16th century CE) but we will also supplement our study of these materials with contemporary or relatively recent philosophical writings in modern India.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EST ENTERPRISE: Managing the Established Enterprise", number:"null", id:"40314", path:"/courses/40314", description:"The management of large, established enterprises creates a range of multi-facet challenges for the general manager. A general manager needs to understand the internal workings of a firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account increasing, globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that effective of an established enterprise requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METHODS PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"42060", path:"/courses/42060", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR SPANISH SPEAKER", number:"null", id:"42005", path:"/courses/42005", description:"Portuguese 114 is designed for students who have studied Spanish. The course begins with exposure to basic vocabulary and structures, advancing at an accelerated pace. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary. Students will participate in pairs, small-groups and whole-class activities that focus on the meaningful and accurate exchange of information. The class will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MACROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"45137", path:"/courses/45137", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. An examination of a market economy to provide an understanding of how the size and composition of national output are determined. Elements of monetary and fiscal policy, international trade, economic development, and comparative economic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN ARCH:1900-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"38139", path:"/courses/38139", description:"The architecture of Europe and America from the late nineteenth century until the present is the central subject of this course, but some time is also devoted to Latin American and Asian architecture and to the important issues of modern city planning. Topics discussed include the Arts and Crafts movement, Art Nouveau, Expressionism, Art Deco, the International Style, and Post-modernism. The debate over the role of technology in modern life and art, the search for a universal language of architectural communication, and the insistent demand that architecture serve human society are themes that are traced throughout the course. Among the important figures to be considered are Frank Lloyd Wright, Walter Gropius, Le Corbusier, Louis Kahn, Robert Venturi, and Denise Scott Brown. The course includes weekly discussion sessions and several excursions to view architecture in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP CAPITALIST SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42936", path:"/courses/42936", description:"The course follows the evolution of industrial capitalism since the beginning of the English industrial revolution in the late 18th century. It ranges from the problems of the industrial revolution in England to problems of building a market economy in eastern Europe today. In particular, it examines industrialization and explores the sources of sustained economic growth from a comparative perspective. Most of the world, especially in so-called emerging economies, is still confronted with the challenge, and often pain, of creating a modern industrial capitalist society. The course attempts to build a conceptual apparatus for understanding models of industrialization and is built around issues such as law, anti-trust, corporate forms, banking institutions, industrial relations, etc. By definition, the course tends to concentrate on successful industrializers around the world, but questions regarding continuing underdevelopment will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN REGRESSION", number:"null", id:"36563", path:"/courses/36563", description:"Function estimation and data exploration using extensions of regression analysis: smoothers, semiparametric and nonparametric regression, and supervised machine learning. Conceptual foundations are addressed as well as hands-on use for data analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KNOWLEDGE FOR SOC IMPACT: Analyzing Current Issues and Approaches", number:"null", id:"38922", path:"/courses/38922", description:"Recent technological changes have raised awareness of the magnitude and devastating long-term effects of poverty, food insecurity, limited and unequal access to education, and other social issues. Coupled with growing awareness of these issues is the emerging sense that traditional government programs and charities may be unable to solve these problems - at least, not alone. What may be needed are new strategies - strategies borne of (a) a deep understanding of the issues; (b) interdisciplinary collaboration; and (c) access to business knowledge, frameworks, and resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"41862", path:"/courses/41862", description:"This course examines the process that leads to change in health care settings and situations. Students will develop skills that lead to effective negotiations in interpersonal and organizational settings. Included in the discussion are: concepts of organizational structure and power, negotiating in difficult situations, and the role of the health care professional in negotiation and change. The course also examines techniques leading to successful implementation of negotiated change in the practice setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"42639", path:"/courses/42639", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"38444", path:"/courses/38444", description:"This course is concerned with American literature and cultural life from the turn of the century until about 1950. The course emphasizes the period between the two World Wars and emphasizes as well the intellectual and cultural milieu in which the writers found themselves. Works by the following writers are usually included: James, Eliot, Frost, Fitzgerald, Faulkner, West, Stevens, DuBois, Williams, Wharton, Stein, West, Moore, and Hemingway.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENETICS OF ADAPTATION:HOW SEX,CONFLICT & PATHOGENS SHAPE MODERN GENOMES", number:"null", id:"42454", path:"/courses/42454", description:"In this course we explore the genetic basis of adaptation. We will investigate the forces that drive adaptation (e.g., environmental stress, pathogens, conflict, sex), the genetic mechanisms of adaptation (protein sequence changes, expression divergence, gene duplication, etc.), and the consequences of adaptation for contemporary cellular functions, developmental processes, and ecological interactions. The class meetings will be structured around both lectures and student-led discussions of the primary literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL BUSINESS: argentina", number:"null", id:"41753", path:"/courses/41753", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"South Korea in the Global Economy: Present and Future", number:"null", id:"35581", path:"/courses/35581", description:"This course examines policy challenges and possible national strategies for South Korea ( Korea hereafter) if it were to join the ranks of the most advanced economies in the world. Korea has achieved a remarkable economic success during the past half a century. Dubbed the Miracle on the Han River, Korea is the first country in the world to successfully transition from an aid recipient to a donor country, thanks to condensed growth strategy. While its success has far surpassed the average growth performances of most developing economies during the past decades, Korea is still categorized as an emerging economy. An advanced economy arguably has various defining characteristics such as (1) flexible institutions in line with global norms; (2) policies less prone to crisis; (3) resilient economic system capable of overcoming and dealing with crisis; (4) contributions to global prosperity through active participation in development assistance and global economic cooperation; and (5) respect for universal value by economic agents. From this perspective, we will consider major challenges for Korea, including (1) increasing potential output; (2) institutional reform in compliance with global norms; (3) active contribution to global economic cooperation; and (4) preparation for reunification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 20TH-C AMERICAN LIT: THE SEDUCTION OF POWER", number:"null", id:"37083", path:"/courses/37083", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"18C NOVEL: EPISTOLARY FICTION IN A EUROPEAN FRAME", number:"null", id:"39895", path:"/courses/39895", description:"A survey of the major novelists of the period, often beginning with Defoe and a few of the writers of amatory fiction in the early decades of the century and then moving on to representative examples of the celebrated novels by Richardson, Fielding, and others of the mid-century and after.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Iraq and Syria from World War I to ISIS", number:"null", id:"41563", path:"/courses/41563", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"38216", path:"/courses/38216", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Mendelian and molecular genetics will be discussed as well as the use of genetic analysis to address questions in all areas of biology. The processes of DNA replication, transcription, and translation will be discussed at the molecular level. Other topics include the regulation of gene expression and genomics. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC, RELIGION,& RITUAL: IN SOUTH AND SOUTHEAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"39006", path:"/courses/39006", description:"What role does music play in articulating religious identities and spaces? What is the importance of ritual musics as they persist and change in the modern world? How does music reflect and articulate religious ways of thinking and acting? In this course, we explore these and other questions about the interrelations between music, religion, and ritual in South and Southeast Asia. Focusing on India, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, and Indonesia, the course emphasizes musics from Hindu, Buddhist, Muslim and Christian traditions; nevertheless, it draws widely to touch upon sacred musics in Pakistan, Nepal, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, and among some indigenous peoples in the region. Throughout, we explore ontologies of sound; sonic occurrences in religious structures, public processions, and pilgrimage sites; the construction of religion and ritual as ideas forged through colonial encounter and modern scholarship on religion; the politics of sacred sounds in today's public spaces and contemporary media, such as television and online; and the surprising fluidity between popular and sacred musical genres.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN MANDARIN II", number:"null", id:"35463", path:"/courses/35463", description:"Following the format of Advanced Spoken Mandarin I with more discussions on current issues in both China and the US, including topics ranging from race, religion, gender issues to internet, cinema and pop cultures. The objective of this course is to consolidate the knowledge and skills students have acquired from their previous Mandarin Chinese classes and to enhance their oral expressive skills. By the end of the semester, students are expected to be able to carry on a conversation with a native Mandarin speaker on various common topics, and to gather information necessary for conducting oral presentations and speeches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"41694", path:"/courses/41694", description:"The required background is (1) enough math background to understand proof techniques in real analysis (closed sets, uniform covergence, fourier series, etc.) and (2) some exposure to probability theory at an intuitive level (a course at the level of Ross's probability text or some exposure to probability in a statistics class).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"39820", path:"/courses/39820", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO I", number:"null", id:"41373", path:"/courses/41373", description:"In this studio based course, students are introduced to video production and postproduction as well as to selected historical and theoretical texts addressing the medium of video. Students will be taught basic camera operation, sound recording and lighting, as well as basic video and sound editing and exporting using various screening and installation formats. In addition to a range of short assignment-based exercises, students will be expected to complete three short projects over the course of the semester. Critiques of these projects are crucial to the course as students are expected to speak at length about the formal, technical, critical and historical dimensions of their works. Weekly readings in philosophy, critical theory, artist statements and literature are assinged. The course will also include weekly screenings of films and videos, introducing students to the history of video art as well as to other contemporary practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"42169", path:"/courses/42169", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEEING/HEARING AFRICA: PENN IN GRAHAMSTOWN SUMMER ABROAD (July 2-12, 2015)", number:"null", id:"36182", path:"/courses/36182", description:"This course begins in the spring--students engage with South African performance and political history;the history of the festival in Grahamstown; and listen closely to the history of South African jazz. They are given guidelines for writing about live performances; students discuss program choices; and spend some time talking about travel to South Africa and the livedexperience of two weeks at the National Arts Festival. Everyone travels to the National Arts Festival in late June and spends two weeks attending live performances(4-6 per day), blogging on the performances, and discussing these experiences with the Professor & fellow students. We visit a game park and do a 'township tour' as part of the two weeks in the Eastern Cape. On returning home, students have about 4 weeks to write a substantial paper on the festival experience. While this is primarily a music class, the National Arts Festival includes all kinds of performance--theater, music, dance, and visual arts. This is two weeks of total immersion in the arts, and thinking deeply about the place of the arts in contemporary life and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSIAN HERITAGE SPKRS I: READING AND WRITING", number:"null", id:"40514", path:"/courses/40514", description:"An intensive course designed to teach the reading and writing of standard Tehran Persian to those with a speaking knowledge of that language. In recent years there has been an increasing demand from Persian-speaking Iranian-American students for formal instruction in Persian. While many of these students have some degree of spoken fluency in Persian, they are often unable to read or write it. Their speaking ability makes it difficult to integrate them into first- or second-year classes of students who have started with no knowledge of Persian. If these Persian-speaking students could be brought to at least a second-year level of reading and writing, they could then be enrolled in more advanced courses in Persian where they would be more or less at the same level as other students. The course will focus on the lexical and syntactic differences between written and spoken Persian, and the problems of Persian spelling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY AND THE NATION'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"40425", path:"/courses/40425", description:"This course examines health care and social policy from domestic and international perspectives. It is designed to engage undergraduate students in critical thinking about health policy issues as they affect our health care, employment, taxes, and social investments. The current national debate on health care reform is used as a frame of reference for examining the strengths and weaknesses of health care services in the U.S. from the perspectives of patients/families, health professionals, health services providers, insurers, employers, and public policy makers, and the pros and cons of a range of prescriptions for system improvement from across the political spectrum. About a third of the course focuses more specifically on global public health challenges and the policy strategies for reducing health disparities worldwide.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WITCHCRAFT & POSSESSION", number:"null", id:"41546", path:"/courses/41546", description:"This course explores world witchcraft and possession from the persecutions of the early seventeenth century through the rise of Wicca in the twentieth century. The mere mention of these terms, or of such close cousins as demonology, sorcery, exorcism, magic, and the witches Sabbath, raises clear ethnographic and historical challenges. How can the analysis of witchcraft-- including beliefs, patterns of accusation, the general social position of victims, the intensity and timing of witch hunts, and its relation to religious practice, law, language, gender, social marginalization, and property--lead us to a more humane understanding of belief and action? Films such as The Exorcist, The Blair Witch Project, The Crucible, and Three Sovereigns for Sarah will focus discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUDDHIST TEXTS & CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"44887", path:"/courses/44887", description:"This is an advanced course for upper level undergraduates and graduate students on various issues in the study of Buddhist texts, art, and history. Each semester the theme of the course changes. In recent years themes have included: Magic and Ritual, Art and Material Culture, Texts and Contexts, Manuscript Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"40099", path:"/courses/40099", description:"A continuation of HEBR 051, First Year Modern Hebrew, which assumes basic skills of reading and speaking and the use of the present tense. Open to all students who have completed one semester of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"36145", path:"/courses/36145", description:"Marketing begins and ends with the customer, from determining customers' needs and wants to providing customer satisfaction and maintaining customer relationships. This course examines the basic concepts and principles in customer behavior with the goal of understanding how these ideas can be used in marketing decision making. The class will consist of a mix of lectures, discussions, cases, assignments, project work and exams. Topics covered include customer psychological processes (e.g., motivation, perception, attitudes, decision-making) and their impact on marketing (e.g., segmentation, branding, customer satisfaction). The goal is to provide you with a set of approaches and concepts to consider when faced with a decision involving understanding customer responses to marketing actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GUJARATI II", number:"null", id:"42902", path:"/courses/42902", description:"This course is designed as a continuation of intermediate Gujarati I. Course objectives are to expand the mastery of sentence patterns and augment vocabulary and its usage through intensive grammar and comprehension exercises. A special emphasis will be placed on greater cultural awareness. Upon completion of this course students should be able to interact socially with added confidence and greater expressiveness. Students should also experience a great improvement in their comprehension of spoken and written language. During the second year of Gujarati, students are introduced to progressively more difficult reading selections, along with additional instructions in the formal grammar of the language. To maintain and develop oral and aural command of the language, readings are discussed in Gujarati. To develop their writing abilities, students are also expected to compose short essays on their readings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC CULT N INDIA & PAK: Musical Cultures of North India and Pakistan", number:"null", id:"36488", path:"/courses/36488", description:"A great variety of song and instrumental genres have thrived in the Hindu and Muslim milieus of North India and Pakistan. In this course we examine a selection of urban and rural musics, such as instrumental music in Baluchistan, qawwali in Delhi, the garba of Gujarat, ballad singing of Rajasthan and the urban music of Calcutta. We will explore the sounds, poetry, historical, and social contexts of chosen genres and trace aspects of continuity and adaptation in the changing environment of contemporary South Asia. Readings are supplemented by audio-visual material and live performances.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN AND MNGL ACCT", number:"null", id:"38046", path:"/courses/38046", description:"This course provides an introduction to both financial and managerial accounting, and emphasizes the analysis and evaluation of accounting information as part of the managerial processes of planning, decision-making, and control. A large aspect of the course covers the fundamentals of financial accounting. The objective is to provide a basic overview of financial accounting, including basic accounting concepts and principles, as well as the structure of the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows. The course also introduces elements of managerial accounting and emphasizes the development and use of accounting information for internal decisions. Topics include cost behavior and analysis, product and service costing, and relevant costs for internal decision-making. This course is recommended for students who will be using accounting information for managing manufacturing and service operations, controlling costs, and making strategic decisions, as well as those going into general consulting or thinking of starting their own businesses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"43049", path:"/courses/43049", description:"Introduction to American Sign Language ( ASL ). Introduces ASL in a contextualized and conversational manner. Course includes receptive and expressive readiness activities, sign vocabulary and grammar, and an introduction to important topics and people within Deaf communities and Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Health, Sustainability & Built Environment Design", number:"null", id:"41865", path:"/courses/41865", description:"Placemaking is a powerful tool for healthy communities. This course is open to students in nursing, public health, medicine, environmental policy, planning and design for intersectoral professional work. Through the design of place, including housing, schools, healthcare facilities, and the workplace, the class will investigate the impact of Social Determinants of Health and build a Culture of Health. Course work covers design and planning theory that intersects with diseases, sustainability, climate action and interconnectivity. Case studies, seminars, and tours will help students synthesize how to promote health through the design and development process and to make effective communication to enhance health equity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHNIC CONFLICT", number:"null", id:"43387", path:"/courses/43387", description:"This course explains ethnic conflict, focusing on its violent forms, especially civil wars. There have been more than 160 civil wars and many more episodes of lower-intensity armed conflict since 1945. Most of these conflicts have been fought along ethnic lines. Are these conflicts due to prejudice and hatred? Or are the causes mainly economic/resource-driven? Why do some conflicts turn violent and others stay non-violent? What interventions work to end ethnic wars? We address these questions with the help of cutting-edge scholarly literature and apply our insights to understand contemporary civil wars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3-D COMPUTER MODELING AND SCULPTURE", number:"null", id:"41388", path:"/courses/41388", description:"Students will develop a comprehensive knowledge of how virtual worlds are constructed using contemporary computer graphics technique with a fine arts perspective. The course will offer the opportunity to explore the construction, texturing, and rendering of forms, environments, and mechanisms while conforming to modeling specifications required for animation, real-time simulations or gaming environments, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUTIN'S RUSSIA", number:"null", id:"42090", path:"/courses/42090", description:"Winston Churchill famously said that Russia 'is a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Strikingly, today many informed Russians would agree: no one can provide definitive answers concerning what has driven Russian public life and politics over the past three years, as it ricochetted from the mass protests of 2011 and 2012, into the Pussy Riot scandal, then the Olympics, and most recently to the intense patriotism driving the Russian annexation of Crimea and intervention in Ukraine. In this course we will examine how Russians themselves communicate about and represent Russia and what this reveals about this complex society and its development. We will consider print journalism, novels, films, televised media, and the internetpaying close attention both to particular representations and to social institutions for their production, dissemination and consumption. Topics of special concern will include: conspiracy theories, representations of Russian history, collective identity and patriotism, intellectuals and elites, gender and sexuality, consumption and wealth. Putins Russia is an introductory level course for which no prior knowledge Russian history, culture or society is required. All readings and screenings will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN WRITING IN THE LONG 17TH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"41466", path:"/courses/41466", description:"The specific topics of the seminar vary from semester to semester, depending on the instructor and his/her choice. Among the topics previously covered, and likely to be offered again, are the following: The Theatre of Jean Racine, Fiction of Mme de Lafayette, The Moralists (La Bruyere, La Rochefoucauld, Perrault ), Realistic Novels (Sorel's Francion, Scarron's Le Roman Comique, Furetiere's Le Roman Bourgeois). Students give oral and written reports, and write a term paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUG DELIVERY", number:"null", id:"35432", path:"/courses/35432", description:"Students will learn about drug distribution throughout the body, pharmacokinetics, nanoparticle systems for drug delivery, gene delivery systems, targeted drug delivery translation of new drug delivery systems to patients, and case studies on current drug delivery systems in research. Faculty from engineering and medicine will give lectures on their research interests. The students read current journal articles throughout the course. A major assignment for the course is a written and oral group proposal on a topic chosen by the students that is relevant to the course material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST MID EAST SINCE 1800", number:"null", id:"41541", path:"/courses/41541", description:"A survey of the modern Middle East with special emphasis on the experiences of ordinary men and women as articulated in biographies, novels, and regional case studies. Issues covered include the collapse of empires and the rise of a new state system following WWI, and the roots and consequences of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, the Iranian revolution and the U.S.-Iraq War. Themes include: the colonial encounter with Europe and the emergence of nationalist movements, the relationship between state and society, economic development and international relations, and religion and cultural identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH SEMINAR IN EXPERIMENTS IN CRIME AND JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"36989", path:"/courses/36989", description:"This seminar focuses on examining data from experiments in criminology including: randomized controlled trials of criminal justice policies, 'natural' experiments in crime, and other quasi-experimental studies. A series of experiments conducted by Penn scholars and elsewhere will be examined. This seminar also guides criminology majors in writing a research proposal for their thesis. Students will learn about how to formulate a research question, develop a review of the literature, and how to apply necessary empirical methods. The final paper for this course will be a research proposal that can serve as the basis for the student's senior thesis and to satisfy the senior capstone requirement. Readings will come from the disciplines of criminology, sociology, psychology, economics, and urban planning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING RUSSIAN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40657", path:"/courses/40657", description:"The course explores defining episodes, concepts, and figures in Russian history, from the earliest time to the present day, and their reception in today's scholarship and society. Students learn about Russian historical heritage through the reading of primary sources and analytical essays, as well as examining how this history is used in the present socio-political and ideological discourse. Work on language focuses on matters of style, sentence structure, and vocabulary building.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SECURITIES REGULATION", number:"null", id:"43039", path:"/courses/43039", description:"The course examines the federal securities laws and the operation of the Securities Exchange Commission. The legal responsibilities of corporate managers, accountants, underwriters, and broker-dealers, occasioned by the securities regulatory scheme, will be investigated. Students will be encouraged to evaluate, from a managerial perspective, the various aspects of securities regulation studied. The course will discuss the recent financial crisis and ask the question whether enhanced securities regulation will prevent such a crisis in the future. The material covered in the course will provide familiarity with the basic legal structure of securities regulation and will assist in understanding the current policy issues in securities law. The course should help students to develop the ability to read and learn further in the field and to improve their effectiveness of communication with attorneys. It will also suggest ways of detecting instances in which an attorney should be consulted. The course is particularly useful for those students pursuing careers in corporate finance, investment banking, mergers and acquisitions, sales and trading, venture capital, private equity, entrepreneurship, accounting, corporate management, and real estate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLATO'S REPUBLIC", number:"null", id:"41170", path:"/courses/41170", description:"In classical Athens the question of how a government should work was an urgent one. They invented democracy, adopted it successfully for decades, and then it faced challenges, from oligarchs and others. At this time of tumult, the philosopher Plato set out to explore the question of the best form of government by framing it as a question of justice. Which mode of governing is the one that delivers justice? But to understand this question, a person first needs to understand what justice itself is. Coming up with an answer to this is a thorny and difficult prospect. By focusing on Platos Republic, this course aims to explore how best to govern a society, what kinds of qualities one should expect in a leader, and how these questions are connected to very basic understandings about human nature, society, and the world in general.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF SEXUALITY IN US", number:"null", id:"42956", path:"/courses/42956", description:"This course introduces students to a relatively new field of inquiry, the history of sexuality in the U.S. It explores the past to consider why sexuality has been so central to American identities, culture, and politics. Primary documents and other readings focus on the history of sexual ideology and regulation; popular culture and changing sexual practices; the emergence of distinct sexual identities and communities; the politics of sexuality; and the relationship between sexual and and other forms of social difference, such as gender, race, ethnicity, age, and class. Topics include many with continuing relevance to contemporary public debate: among them, sexual representation and censorship, sexual violence, adolescent sexuality, the politics of reproduction, gay and lesbian sexualities and sexually transmitted diseases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MODELING", number:"null", id:"37957", path:"/courses/37957", description:"This six-week, elective MBA course continues the required MBA statistics course, Stat 613. It expands the material covered in Stat 613 in several ways, adding both breadth (e.g., logistic regression) and depth to the coverage of regression (e.g., more diagnostics, model selection). The course emphasizes the models for decision making from large data sets, as common in data-mining. Lectures feature extensive analysis of large data sets from marketing, personal finance, and management. The course presumes that students are familiar with the inferential methods covered in STAT 613 (including hypothesis tests, confidence intervals, p-values) as well as the use and interpretation of least squares regression models. The course also uses JMP as in STAT 613. Beginning with a review of these concepts, STAT 622 covers related methodologies that produce fits that resemble and extend regression models. The methodologies include those that expand the nature of the predictors (as in the use of special transformations in time series and the construction of regression trees) and allow the use of categorical reponses (logistic regression). The course concludes by exploring the relationship between a regression fit to observational data and an analysis of variance estimated from experimental data, as in a conjoint analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 20TH-C AMERICAN LIT: POLITICS OF FRIENDSHIP", number:"null", id:"42705", path:"/courses/42705", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMERICAN ACTIVISM: Asian American Activism and Organizing", number:"null", id:"40980", path:"/courses/40980", description:"Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"39104", path:"/courses/39104", description:"This course is the second of two residencies that provide the nurse anesthetist student the opportunity to attain competencies within the Certified Registered Nurse Anesthesia (CRNA) scope of practice. Throughout the residency, the nurse anesthesia resident will utilize appropriate clinical judgment to manage the complex medical, physical and psychosocial needs of clients in the perioperative phases. Further refinement of the patient assessment, anesthesia administration, and critical thinking skills is emphasized. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients throughout the continuum of health care services. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the independence of the CRNA student. Collaborative practice within a care team model is emphasized and the student assumes more overall responsibility for the quality of care for the patients throughout the perioperative experience, with clinical support as required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORM AND MEANING", number:"null", id:"40794", path:"/courses/40794", description:"This course will introduce students to the theory and practice of image making, focusing on the development of observational skills and analytical thinking. We will look at conventions of artistic representation across time and cultures; discuss types of visual information and modes of formal language; explore visual narrative techniques; and seek to expand our understanding of the role images play in our culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"42799", path:"/courses/42799", description:"The Spring semester seminar culminates in a senior thesis exhibition for each graduating student. These exhibitions have traditionally been held as a small group exhibition featuring a few students in one group, or as a larger end of semester exhibition with each student installing a series of works. The format of the exhibition will be determined during the fall semester by the senior faculty. The process of preparing, installing, and promoting the thesis exhibition is covered in detail throughout the semester. Students will work in their on-campus studio spaces to produce dynamic, thoughtful and well-crafted work that will serve as their final portfolio. They will present their portfolio of work during a final critique before graduation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"37468", path:"/courses/37468", description:"Topics will include: Vector spaces, Basis and dimension, quotients; Linear maps and matrices; Determinants, Dual spaces and maps; Invariant subspaces, Cononical forms; Scalar products: Euclidean, unitary and symplectic spaces; Orthogonal and Unitary operators; Tensor products and polylinear maps; Symmetric and skew-symmetric tensors and exterior algebra.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"44890", path:"/courses/44890", description:"A continuation of RUSS003. This course will further develop your ability to use the Russian language in the context of everyday situations (including relationships, travel and geography, leisure activities) and also through reading and discussion of elementary facts about Russian history, excerpts from classic literature and the contemporary press and film excerpts. At the end of the course you will be able to negotiate most daily situations, to comprehend most spoken and written Russian, to state and defend your point of view. Successful completion of the course prepares students to satisfy the language competency requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"40832", path:"/courses/40832", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ancient and Modern Constitution Making", number:"null", id:"35531", path:"/courses/35531", description:"What actually was it that the Greeks were thinking of when they used the expression politeia-an expression which we often translate by 'constitution' but which might be translated also by 'citizenship', 'citizen body', or 'regime'? What do their thoughts suggest, if anything, about prospects for constitutionmaking today? This course builds on contemporary scholarship to reconstruct what we may call the constitutiomaking tradition as it develops in the main ancient texts, which are read in English translations. The ancient texts are taken from Herodotus, the Pseudo-Xenophon, Diodorus Siculus, Thucydides, Xenophon, Plato, the author of the Aristotelian Athenian Constitution, Aristotle himself, Polybius, Cicero, Tacitus, and Plutarch. The course traces this ancient tradition through the Middle Ages and the Renaissance and the great thinkers of the Seventeenth Century, following linguistic and other clues that carry one up to the American colonial documents, the so-called state the debates in the Constitutional Convention; and it continues through Nineteenth Century and Twentieth Century constitutionmaking into today's constiefforts in Europe, North Africa (especially Egypt), and elsewhere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE VIKINGS", number:"null", id:"40123", path:"/courses/40123", description:"The Vikings were the terror of Europe from the late eight to the eleventh century. Norwegians, Danes and Swedes left their homeland to trade, raid and pillage, leaving survivors praying 'Oh Lord, deliver us from the fury of the Norsemen!' While commonly associated with violent barbarism, the Norse were also farmers, craftsmen, and merchants. As their dragon ships sailed the waterways of Europe and beyond, they also transformed from raiders to explorers, discoverers adn settlers of found and conquered lands. This course will introduce students to various facets of the culture and society of the Viking world ranging from honor culture, gender roles, political culture, mythology, and burial practices. We will also explore the range of Viking activity abroad from Kiev and Cosntantinople to Greenland and Vinland, the Viking settlement in North America. We will use material and archeological sources as well as literary and historical ones in order to think about how we know history and what questions we can ask from different sorts of sources. Notably, we will be reading Icelandic sagas that relate oral histories of heroes, outlaws, raiders and sailors that will lead us to question the lines between fact and fiction, and myth and history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40005", path:"/courses/40005", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, perfermance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIALS SELECTION", number:"null", id:"44567", path:"/courses/44567", description:"Throughout mankind's history, materials have played a critical role in civilization and technology. The selection of materials has been based on availability and functionality. The rapid advances of materials technologies in the last 150 years, however, have made nearly all classes and forms of materials available, at a cost. These costs include the dollars and cents costs that typically accompany the use of stronger, lighter materials, but environmental costs are also important and significant. Therefore, in theory at least, materials selection can now proceed on a rational basis as an optimization process involving performance and costs - both financial and environmental. In this course, we will focus on structural applications where mechanical design is central. By the end of the course, the students can expect to acquire a level of engineering familiarity with a broad range of materials, and be prepared to undertake responsible material design projects in the future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL EMOTIONAL DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"44851", path:"/courses/44851", description:"This course will cover theory and research related to the development of attachment, emotional regulation, peer and intimate relationships, personality, moral reasoning, and emotional and behavioral disorders. The course will emphasize the degree to which family, peer, and community contexts influence development from infancy into adulthood. Efforts will be made to integrate biological and environmental accounts of development across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LUSOPHONE CULTURE - SOCIETY AND VISUAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"39202", path:"/courses/39202", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see department's webpage: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUALIZING THE PAST", number:"null", id:"41127", path:"/courses/41127", description:"Most people's information about the Past is drawn from coffee table picture books, popular movies, video games, documentaries about discoveries of 'ancient, mysterious, and lost' civilizations, and tours often lead by guides of limited or even dubious credentials. How are these ideas presented, formed, and circulated? Who creates and selects the information presented in this diverse media? Are these presentations accurate? Do they promote or hurt scientific explanations? Can the artistic, aesthetic, and scientific realms be bridged to effectively promote and interpret the past? How can modern technologies be applied to do a better job at presenting what is difficult to experience firsthand? This class will focus on case studies, c and methods of how archaeology and the past are created, presented and used in movies, museums, games, the internet, and art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL CASE STUDIES", number:"null", id:"39912", path:"/courses/39912", description:"A detailed, comprehensive investigation of selected environmental problems. Guest speakers from the government and industry will give their acccounts of various environmental cases. Students will then present information on a case study of their choosing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSIBILITY IN BUS.", number:"null", id:"41646", path:"/courses/41646", description:"This course introduces students to important ethical and legal challenges they will face as leaders in business. The course materials will be useful to students preparing for managerial positions that are likely to place them in advisory and/or agency roles owing duties to employers, clients, suppliers, and customers. Although coverage will vary depending on instructor, the focus of the course will be on developing skills in ethical and legal analyses that can assist managers as they make both individual-level and firm-level decisions about the responsible courses of action when duties, loyalties, rules, norms, and interests are in conflict. For example, the rules of insider trading may form the basis for lessons in some sections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHRO STUDY OF CULTURE", number:"null", id:"35272", path:"/courses/35272", description:"An introduction to the study of culture and human institutions, how they change, and their role in both literate and nonliterate societies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS IN GLOBAL POL ENVIR", number:"null", id:"36798", path:"/courses/36798", description:"This course examines the non-market components of business and the broader political, regulatory, and civil context in which companies function. This course addresses how businesses interact with political and regulatory institutions, as well as the general public, with a focus on the global economy. The first portion examines the realities associated with political economy and the actual making of laws and regulations by imperfect politicians and regulators. The second portion analyzes the economic rationale for legislation and regulation in the presence of market failures. The course covers specific market failures and potential solutions including government regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"35732", path:"/courses/35732", description:"This course is designed to develop visual awareness and perceptual acuity through the process of drawing. Students learn to sharpen perceptual skills through observational drawing, and to explore the expressive potential of drawing. A variety of problems and media will be presented in order to familiarize students with various methods of working and ways of communicating ideas visually. Subject matter will include object study, still life, interior and exterior space, self-portrait and the figure. Different techniques and materials (charcoal, graphite, ink, collage) are explored in order to understand the relationship between means, material and concept. Critical thinking skills are developed through frequent class critiques and through the presentation of and research into historical and contemporary precedent in drawing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN PROJECT", number:"null", id:"43771", path:"/courses/43771", description:"Second semester of a two semester design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PETROL & PETROG", number:"null", id:"38667", path:"/courses/38667", description:"Occurrences and origins of igneous and metamorphic rocks; phase equilibria in heterogeneous systems. Laboratory study of rocks and thin sections as a tool ininterpretation of petrogenesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO INTL RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"37795", path:"/courses/37795", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK & ROMAN MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43934", path:"/courses/43934", description:"Myths are traditional stories that have endured many years. Some of them have to do with events of great importance, such as the founding of a nation. Others tell the stories of great heroes and heroines and their exploits and courage in the face of adversity. Still others are simple tales about otherwise unremarkable people who get into trouble or do some great deed. What are we to make of all these tales, and why do people seem to like to hear them? This course will focus on the myths of ancient Greece and Rome, as well as a few contemporary American ones, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations. We will also pay some attention to the way the Greeks and Romans themselves understood their own myths. Are myths subtle codes that contain some universal truth? Are they a window on the deep recesses of a particular culture? Are they entertaining stories that people like to tell over and over? Are they a set of blinders that all of us wear, though we do not realize it? We investigate these questions through a variety of topics creation of the universe between gods and mortals, religion and family, sex, love, madness, and death.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"43170", path:"/courses/43170", description:"Special instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance. They also must participate in a Music Department ensemble throughout the academic year, perform in public as a soloist at least once during the year (recital), perform a jury at the end of the spring semester, and attend and participate in masterclasses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORK NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"38178", path:"/courses/38178", description:"The human brain produces complex functions using a range of system components over varying temporal and spatial scales. These components are couples together by heterogeneous interactions, forming an intricate information-processing network. In this course, we will cover the use of network science in understanding such large-scale and neuronal-level brain circuitry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEX ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"41688", path:"/courses/41688", description:"Complex numbers, DeMoivre's theorem, complex valued functions of a complex variable, the derivative, analytic functions, the Cauchy-Riemann equations, complex integration, Cauchy's integral theorem, residues, computation of definite integrals by residues, and elementary conformal mapping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING YIDDISH I", number:"null", id:"40823", path:"/courses/40823", description:"The goal of this course is to help beginning students develop skills in Yiddish conversation, reading and writing. Yiddish is the medium of a millennium of Jewish life. We will frequently have reason to refer to the history and culture of Ashkenazie Jewry in studying the language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MED IMAGING", number:"null", id:"43770", path:"/courses/43770", description:"Introduction to the mathematical, physical and engineering design principles underlying modern medical imaging systems including x-ray computed tomography, ultrasonic imaging, and magnetic resonance imaging. Mathematical tools including Fourier analysis and the sampling theorem. The Radon transform and related transforms. Filtered backprojection and other reconstruction algorithms. Bloch equations, free induction decay, spin echoes and gradient echoes. Applications include one-dimensional Fourier magnetic resonance imaging, three-dimensional magnetic resonance imaging and slice excitation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSIAN HERITAGE SPKRS I: READING AND WRITING", number:"null", id:"37732", path:"/courses/37732", description:"An intensive course designed to teach the reading and writing of standard Tehran Persian to those with a speaking knowledge of that language. In recent years there has been an increasing demand from Persian-speaking Iranian-American students for formal instruction in Persian. While many of these students have some degree of spoken fluency in Persian, they are often unable to read or write it. Their speaking ability makes it difficult to integrate them into first- or second-year classes of students who have started with no knowledge of Persian. If these Persian-speaking students could be brought to at least a second-year level of reading and writing, they could then be enrolled in more advanced courses in Persian where they would be more or less at the same level as other students. The course will focus on the lexical and syntactic differences between written and spoken Persian, and the problems of Persian spelling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL RADIATION ENG", number:"null", id:"37780", path:"/courses/37780", description:"This course in medical radiation physics investigates electromagnetic and particulate radiation and its interaction with matter. The theory of radiation transport and the basic concept of dosimetry will be presented. The principles of radiation detectors and radiation protection will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MAT SCI ENG", number:"null", id:"40357", path:"/courses/40357", description:"This course provides an introduction to the fundamental concepts of Materials Science through an examination of the structure, property, performance relationship for synthetic and biologic structural materials with a focus on surgical implants and medical devices. Consideration is given to issues of biocompatibility, degradation of materials by the biologic systems, and biologic response to artificial materials. Particular attention will be given to the materials of total hip and knee prostheses and their relationship to the long term outcomes in hip and knee arthroplasty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE ENTREPRENEUR", number:"null", id:"40628", path:"/courses/40628", description:"What makes a successful entrepreneur in the real estate industry? This half semester mini-course exposes undergraduates and MBA students to this question in the context of real estate opportunities past and present: equity investments, debt investments and real estate operating companies. The topics require the evaluation of entrepreneurial opportunities, structures, investment decision-making, and risks which are present in commercial real estate markets. This course requires a strong understanding of core business topics, especially: entrepreneurship, finance, management and real estate. No formal prerequisites or past experience are required but will prove helpful. This course focuses on identifying real world opportunities, developing concepts, identifying and mitigating risks, raising capital and exiting investments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"42794", path:"/courses/42794", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TELEVISION AND NEW MEDIA", number:"null", id:"39855", path:"/courses/39855", description:"As a complex cultural product, television lends itself to a variety of critical approaches that build-on, parallel, or depart from film studies. This introductory course in television studies begins with an overview of the medium's history and explores how technical and industrial changes correspond to developing conventions of genre, programming, and aesthetics. Along the way, we analyze key concepts and theoretical debates that shaped the field. In particular, we will focus on approaches to textual analysis in combination with industry research, and critical engagements with the political, social and cultural dimensions of television as popular culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOL DATA SCIENCE I", number:"null", id:"39907", path:"/courses/39907", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide students with skills to analyze and interpret small and large biological data sets. Fundamentals in probability and statistics will be taught through the use of homework problems, case studies and projects focused on computational analysis of biological data. Topics covered include: Populations and samples; random variable; discrete and continuous probability distributions; exploratory data analysis; descriptive statistics; confidence intervals; expectations; variances; central limit theorem; independence; hypothesis testing; fitting probability models; pvalues; goodness-of-fit tests; correlation coefficients; non-parametric tests; ANOVA; linear regression; bootstrapping; and maximum likelihood estimation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Global Leadership & Problem Solving:The Eldercare Crisis in America & China", number:"null", id:"43405", path:"/courses/43405", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Race Development and American International Relations, Hegel and Marx, and Logic of the West.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"2ND YR SPOKEN CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39677", path:"/courses/39677", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed one year of college level Chinese classes or equivalent. The main objective of the course is to improve students' conversational ability in Chinese. By the end of the second semester, students will reach the survival level, namely, they can accomplish the basic day to day tasks encountered by visitors as well as the local people. These tasks include relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preference, feeling and opinion, ordering a meal, purchasing goods, asking for directions, making travel plans, visiting a doctor, attending a social function and so forth. Short Chinese movies or television shows will be integrated into the course curriculum. Chinese character will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO GREEK ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39757", path:"/courses/39757", description:"An introduction to the art and archaeology of ancient Greece from the Archaic through Hellenistic periods. Topics to be considered include the formation of the Greek polis, the rising and falling fortunes of Athens and the other Greek city-states in the Classical period, and the world of Alexander the Great. Emphasis is placed on the consideration of the archaeological evidence, e.g., sculpture, painting, pottery, architecture, and other material culture. This course is part of a sequence of introductory courses (with Ages of Homer and Introduction to Roman Archaeology) on the archaeology of the Greco-Roman world. There are no prerequisites, and these courses need not be taken in a particular order.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"38261", path:"/courses/38261", description:"An advanced course for students who have had very strong background in Chem- istry in High School (AP, IB, or equivalent). Advanced material from the general chemistry curriculum will be covered in the context topics selected from current research areas. A continuation of CHEM115, CHEM116 will focus on topics in biochemistry and biophysical chemistry relating to thermodynamics,equilibrium, kinetics, and electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"40708", path:"/courses/40708", description:"Spanish 140, the continuation of Spanish 130, is a fourth-semester language course that offers students the opportunity to acquire communicative skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) while developing their awareness and appreciation of the Spanish-speaking world. Topics studied may include the environment, the arts, social relations, and conflict and violence.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN LIT AFTER 1870", number:"null", id:"36470", path:"/courses/36470", description:"Major Russian writers in English translation: Tolstoy, Chekhov, Pasternak, Babel, Solzhenitsyn, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"2ND YR SPOKEN CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42499", path:"/courses/42499", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN003. The primary goal of the course is to improve students' conversational ability in Chinese. By the end of the semester, students will reach the survival level, namely, they can accomplish the basic day to day tasks encountered by visitors as well as the local people. These tasks include relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preference, feeling and opinion, ordering a meal, purchasing goods, asking directions, making travel plans, visiting a doctor, attending a social function and so forth. Short Chinese movies or television shows will be integrated into the course curriculum. Chinese character will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39686", path:"/courses/39686", description:"Students learn to work on materials which were written or produced for native speakers, instead of the classroom materials that were written for the non-native speakers. The reading materials include a larger vocabulary with more idioms. Students will also learn how to understand and use certain oral expressions in conversation. They will learn ways to narrate, to describe, and to comment in native Chinese ways. Reading and audio materials are provided and discussed in the classes. Writing and oral presentations in Chinese are required in classroom under instruction. Students will be encouraged to practice oral communication with each other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOVATION: Managing the Productive Core: Innovation", number:"null", id:"37717", path:"/courses/37717", description:"The course is first and foremost an intensive, integrative, project course in which student teams create one or more real businesses. Some businesses spun out of the course and now managed by alumni include Terrapass Inc. and Smatchy Inc. The project experience is and exciting context in which to learn key tools and fundamentals useful in innovation, problem solving, and design. Examples of these tools and fundamentals are: problem definition, identification of opportunities, generating alternatives, selecting among alternatives, principles of data graphics, and managing innovation pipelines. The course requires a commitment of at least 10 hours of work outside of class and comfort working on unstructured, interdisciplinary problems. Students with a strong interest in innovation and entrepreneurship are particularly encouraged to enroll. Please read carefully the syllabus posted on-line before registering for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCULPTURE PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"37156", path:"/courses/37156", description:"As an introduction to traditional and contemporary three-dimensional practice, this course is concerned with the concepts and methodologies surrounding three-dimensional art making in our time. Students experiment with a variety of modes of production, and develop some of the fundamental techniques used in sculpture. In addition to these investigations, assignments relative to the history and social impact of these practices are reinforced through readings and group discussion. Processes covered include use of the Fab Lab, wood construction, clay, paper, mixed media, and more. 

If you need assistance registering for a closed section, please email the department at fnarug@design.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38610", path:"/courses/38610", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, perfermance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"43260", path:"/courses/43260", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECT FROM MODERN MATH", number:"null", id:"37481", path:"/courses/37481", description:"Topics will vary from year to year, and will draw on a variety of mathematical ideas that tie together areas such as algebra, analysis, geometry-topology, mathematical physics, combinatorics, logic, and computation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROMANTIC PERIOD: ROMANTIC REVOLUTIONS", number:"null", id:"35622", path:"/courses/35622", description:"This course offers an introduction to the literature of the Romantic period (ca. 1770-1830). Some versions of this course will incorporate European romantic writers, while others will focus exclusively on Anglo-American romanticism, and survey authors such as Austen, Blake, Brockden Brown, Byron, Coleridge, Emerson, Irving, Keats, Radcliffe, Scott, Shelley, and Wordsworth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV REAL EST INV, ANALYS", number:"null", id:"43439", path:"/courses/43439", description:"This course, is designed for majors in Real Estate, but is also open to finance-oriented students who wish a deeper analysis of real estate investment and investment analysis issues than that offered in REAL/FNCE 721. The class will contain a mixture of lectures, guest speakers and case discussions. Academic research is paired with recent industry analysis of key issues in order to marry sound theory and empirical results with current events and practices. Several classes will include lectures outlining what economics and finance tell us about a number of topics. Generally, these will be followed by guest lectures from industry professionals who will focus on a specific application of the principles introduced in the lectures. Format: Lecture, industry speakers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF GENDER", number:"null", id:"36513", path:"/courses/36513", description:"Gender is an organizing principle of society, shaping social structures, cultural understandings, processes of interaction, and identities in ways that have profound consequences. It affects every aspect of people's lives, from their intimate relationships to their participation in work, family, government, and other social institutions and their place in the stratification system. Yet gender is such a taken for granted basis for differences among people that it can be hard to see the underlying social structures and cultural forces that reinforce or weaken the social boundaries that define gender. Differences in behavior, power,and experience are often seen as the result of biological imperatives or of individual choice. A sociological view of gender, in contrast, emphasizes how gender is socially constructed and how structural constraints limit choice. This course examines how differences based on gender are created and sustained, with particular attention to how other important bases of personal identity and social inequality--race and class-interact with patterns of gender relations. We will also seek to understand how social change happens and how gender inequality might be reduced.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ULTIMATE MEANINGS", number:"null", id:"36459", path:"/courses/36459", description:"Does life have some ultimate meaning? In their search for an answer to this question, people tell stories-- stories about the creation of the world, about great human beings confronted with the mysteries of existence, about what happens to people after death. To explore the role of stories in finding meaning in life, we will focus on some of the most meaningful stories ever composed: the biblical stories of Adam and Eve, Abraham and his family, the Exodus, Job and his friends, and the life and death of Jesus. One of our goals is to try to retrieve the original meaning of these narratives, what their authors intended, but we will also explore what they have come to mean for readers in our own day for believers and skeptics, scientists and artists, fundamentalists and feminists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN-ACCEL", number:"null", id:"42997", path:"/courses/42997", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the elementary year for students who have never studied Italian before but have already fulfilled the language requirement in another modern language, preferably a romance language. Students who have fulfilled the language requirement in a language other than a romance language will be considered on an individual basis. All students must have departmental permission to register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIT LEGACY OF ANC EGYPT", number:"null", id:"44598", path:"/courses/44598", description:"This course surveys the literature of Ancient Egypt from the Old Kingdom through the Greco-Roman period, focusing upon theme, structure, and style, as well as historical and social context. A wide range of literary genres are treated, including epics; tales, such as the 'world's oldest fairy tale;' poetry, including love poems, songs, and hymns; religious texts, including the 'Cannibal Hymn'; magical spells; biographies; didactic literature; drama; royal and other monumental inscriptions; and letters, including personal letters, model letters, and letters to the dead. Issues such as literacy, oral tradition, and the question poetry vs. prose are also discussed. No prior knowledge of Egyptian is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"45154", path:"/courses/45154", description:"This course is designed to develop visual awareness and perceptual acuity through the process of drawing. Students learn to sharpen perceptual skills through observational drawing, and to explore the expressive potential of drawing. A variety of problems and media will be presented in order to familiarize students with various methods of working and ways of communicating ideas visually. Subject matter will include object study, still life, interior and exterior space, self-portrait and the figure. Different techniques and materials (charcoal, graphite, ink, collage) are explored in order to understand the relationship between means, material and concept. Critical thinking skills are developed through frequent class critiques and through the presentation of and research into historical and contemporary precedent in drawing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY AND POLICY", number:"null", id:"35486", path:"/courses/35486", description:"Have you ever wondered why sharing music and video generates such political and legal controversies? Is information on your PC safe and should law enforcement be able to access information you enter on the Web? Will new devices allow tracking of your every move and every purchase? CIS 125 is focused on developing an understanding of existing and emerging technologies, along with the political, societal and economic impacts of those technologies. The technologies are spread across a number of engineering areas and each of them raise issues that are of current concern or are likely to be a future issue.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARE HLTHCR SYS S/A: Health and the Health Care System in Chile", number:"null", id:"41860", path:"/courses/41860", description:"This course offers students an opportunity to: 1) expand their knowledge base in health care systems; 2) develop intercultural competency skills and 3) shape a conceptual framework for improving the quality of health care for the individual, the family, the community and society at large. Emphasizes the relational, contextual nature of health care and the inseparability of the notions of the health of individuals and the health of family, society, and culture. Includes field experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FERAL TRANSLATIONS: THE WILD CHILD IN THE CULTURAL IMAGINATION", number:"null", id:"42525", path:"/courses/42525", description:"This graduate topic course explores aspects of Cinema Studies intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"36384", path:"/courses/36384", description:"This course analyzes the formation and conduct of foreign policy in the United State. The course combines three elements: a study of the history of American foreign relations; an analysis of the causes of American foreign policy such sa the international system, public opinion, and the media; and a discussion of the major policy issues in contemporary U.S. foreign policy, including terrorism, civil wars, and economic policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERACTVE COMP GRAPHICS", number:"null", id:"41146", path:"/courses/41146", description:"This course focuses on programming the essential mathematical and geometric concepts underlying modern computer graphics. Using 3D interactive implementations, it covers fundamental topics such as mesh data structures, transformation sequences, rendering algorithms, and curve interpolation for animation. Students are also introduced to two programming languages widely used in the computer graphics industry: C++ and GLSL. The curriculum is heavily project-based, and culminates in a group project focused on building an interactive first-person world exploration application using the various real-time interaction and rendering algorithms learned throughout the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Medieval Russia: Origins of Russian Cultural Identity", number:"null", id:"36474", path:"/courses/36474", description:"This course offers an overview of the cultural history of Rus from its origins to the eighteenth century, a period which laid the foundation for the Russian Empire. The course takes an interdisciplinary approach to the evolution of the main cultural paradigms of Russian Orthodoxy viewed in a broader European context. Although this course is historical in content, it is also about modern Russia. The legacy of Medieval Rus is still referenced, often allegorically, in contemporary social and cultural discourse as the Russian, Ukrainian and Belarusian societies attempt to reconstruct and reinterpret their histories. In this course, students learn that the study of the medieval cultural and political history explains many aspects of modern Russian society, its culture and mentality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VICTIMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40440", path:"/courses/40440", description:"This course examines the wide range of victimization experiences from the perspective of the victim, their families and society. Crimes to be studied include workplace violence, corporate crime, robbery, burglary, assault, rape, stalking, domestic violence, homicide, suicide, elderly abuse and child sexual abuse and exploitation. The role of the medical examiner, health care providers and the FBI as they relate to victims of crime will be discussed. Emphasis will be given to exploring the elements of each crime and response patterns to victimizations. Services available to victims of crime will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY DUTCH I", number:"null", id:"36992", path:"/courses/36992", description:"A first semester language course covering the core Dutch grammar and vocabulary with the goal of providing the corner stone for developing overall linguistic proficiency in Dutch.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS LAW", number:"null", id:"41644", path:"/courses/41644", description:"This course focuses on the areas of association, contract, constitutional, labor, antitrust, and agency law as they apply to the sports industry. This course exposes the student to many of the legal issues facing stakeholders in sport organizations. Special attention is given to the regulation of professional sports leagues promoting competitive balance, as well as antitrust law and labor-management relations dealing with the organization structure of sports leagues. The course also takes an inside look at previous and newly formed collective bargaining agreements and the use of Salary Cap or lack thereof in professional sports leagues. The development of effective communication skills will be emphasized through class presentations, written assignments, and quizzes; leadership and interpersonal communications will be cultivated through small group projects and meetings, and critical thinking and problem solving skills will be fostered through the careful study of case law impacting the sports industry in a variety of facets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"40995", path:"/courses/40995", description:"Properties of signals and systems; Examples of biological and biomedical signal and systems; Signal operations, continuous and discrete signals; Linear, time invariant systems; Time domain analysis; Systems characterized by linear constant-coefficient differential equations; Fourier analysis with applications to biomedical signals and systems; Introduction to filtering; Sampling and the sampling theorem. Examples vary from year to year, but usually include signals such as the ECG and blood pressure wave, principles of signal coding in the auditory system and cochlear implants, and simple applications in biomedical imaging.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTHY SCHOOLS", number:"null", id:"44830", path:"/courses/44830", description:"This Fox Leadership and academically based community service seminar will use course readings and students' own observations and interviews in their service learning projects in West Philadelphia schools to analyze the causes and impact of school health and educational inequalities and efforts to address them. Course readings will include works by Jonathan Kozol, studies of health inequalities and their causes, and studies of No Child Left Behind, the CDC's School Health Index, recess, school meal, and nutrition education programs. Course speakers will help us examine the history, theories, politics and leadership behind different strategies for addressing school-based inequalities and their outcomes. Service options will focus especially on the West Philadelphia Recess Initiative. Other service options will include work with Community School Student Partnerships and the Urban Nutrition Initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT POLICY IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"39427", path:"/courses/39427", description:"This course examines how public policy influences housing markets and how markets influence public policy. The course reviews the development of housing policy since World War II and how shifts in policy have influenced people's ability to find suitable shelter. Topics include: poverty and affordability, residential segregation / civil rights in housing, the financial crisis of 2008, mortgage foreclosure, affordable housing, and homelessness. The course focuses on the changing roles of different levels of government in housing policy and how the financial sector, the construction industry, and non-governmental organizations influence Americans housing options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REVOLUTION TO REALISM", number:"null", id:"38138", path:"/courses/38138", description:"This course surveys the major trends in European art of the tumultuous decades stretching from French Revolution of 1789 to the rise of realism in the mid-nineteenth century. Starting with Jacques-Louis David's revolutionary history paintings, we study Napoleonic representations of empire, Goya's imagery of violence, romantic representations of madness and desire, Friedrich's nationalist landscapes, as well as the politicized realism of Courbet. Some of the themes that are addressed include: the revolutionary hero, the birth of the public museum, the anxious masculinity of romanticism, the rise of industry and bourgeois culture, the beginnings of photography, the quest for national identity and, not least, the origins of the modernist painting. Throughout, we recover the original radicalism of art's formal and conceptual innovations at times of political and social crisis. We focus on the history of French painting, but include sculpture, photography, visual culture and the development of the modern city, in England, Germany and Spain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAYESIAN METH & COMP", number:"null", id:"39369", path:"/courses/39369", description:"Sophisticated tools for probability modeling and data analysis from the Bayesian perspective. Hierarchical models, mixture models and Monte Carlo simulation techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MDVL ISLAMIC ART & ARCH", number:"null", id:"35327", path:"/courses/35327", description:"An introduction to the major architectural monuments and trends, as well as to the best-known objects of the medieval (seventh-to fourteenth-century) Islamic world. Attention is paid to such themes as the continuity of late antique themes, architecture as symbol of community and power, the importance of textiles and primacy of writing. Suitable for students of literature, history, anthropology as well as art history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40164", path:"/courses/40164", description:"Public history, long marginalized and stigmatized in the scholarly world, is undergoing rehabilitation. The continuing, prodigious public demand for history in various media and manifestations, together with many historians' desire for greater relevance and the persistently disappointing academic job market for new Ph.Ds., has reawakened interest in public history within the academy. This seminar examines the many varieties of public history while giving students hands-on experience, focusing on museums and historic sites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRESHWATER ECOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35410", path:"/courses/35410", description:"Survey of the physical, chemical and biological properties of freshwater ecosystems, both riverine and lentic, natural and polluted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPD THEORIES/METHODS II", number:"null", id:"35978", path:"/courses/35978", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"38262", path:"/courses/38262", description:"Continuation of CHEM 221. Principles and applications of thermodynamics, and a molecular-based understanding of macroscopic properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL WRIT IN THE BLOG AGE: POL WRIT IN DIGITAL AGE", number:"null", id:"37073", path:"/courses/37073", description:"A primer on writing about U.S. politics, in an era of major technological upheaval and serious voter polarization. Today's 24/7, wi-fi'd, blogging environment-along with the rise of new conservative media are changing the ways that writers cover politics and deliver the information. 

See English Department website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM SOUND: HISTORY, AESTHETICS & SUBVERSION", number:"null", id:"43887", path:"/courses/43887", description:"Sound and Image as experienced in the cinema, are not divisible. One perception influences the other, and transforms it. While a preexisting harmony between these two senses may exist, its conventions are subject to manipulation and the whims of subversion. Film Sound tracks the technological and aesthetic history of sound for film including psychoacoustics, dialogue, music, sound fx and audio s gradual and triumphant march towards fidelity, stereo and surround sound. This course, through an historical and pedagogical romp loaded with examples throughout film history and visits by lauded audio professionals from the film world, seeks to instruct students to engage in the process of sound perception, gaining an appreciation for the art of sound as it relates to the varied phenomenological dimensions of that unique audio-visual encounter we call movies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39627", path:"/courses/39627", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"41109", path:"/courses/41109", description:"Students learn to work on materials which were written or produced for native speakers, instead of the classroom materials that were written for the non-native speakers. The reading materials include a larger vocabulary with more idioms. Students will also learn how to understand and use certain oral expressions in conversation. They will learn ways to narrate, to describe, and to comment in native Chinese ways. Reading and audio materials are provided and discussed in the classes. Writing and oral presentations in Chinese are required in classroom under instruction. Students will be encouraged to practice oral communication with each other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"37065", path:"/courses/37065", description:"This is a workshop for students who are interested in exploring a variety of approaches to poetry. Students will encounter a diverse series of readings, in-class writing activities, weekly writing assignments, and creative methods for heightening your abilities as a reader and writer. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABORATORY ELECTRONICS", number:"null", id:"41988", path:"/courses/41988", description:"A laboratory-intensive survey of analog and digital electronics, intended to teach students of physics or related fields enough electronics to be effective in experimental research and to be comfortable learning additional topics from reference textbooks. Analog topics include voltage dividers, impedance, filters, operational amplifier circuits, and transistor circuits. Digital topics may include logic gates, finite-state machines, programmable logic devices, digital-to-analog and analog-to-digital conversion, and microcomputer concepts. Recommended for students planning to do experimental work in physical science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METROPOLIS:CULTR OF CITY", number:"null", id:"40075", path:"/courses/40075", description:"An exploration of modern discourses on and of the city. Topics include: the city as site of avant-garde experimentation; technology and culture; the city as embodiment of social order and disorder; traffic and speed; ways of seeing the city; the crowd; city figures such as the detective, the criminal, the flaneur, the dandy; film as the new medium of the city. Special emphasis on Berlin. Readings by, among others, Dickens, Poe, Baudelaire, Rilke, Doeblin, Marx, Engels, Benjamin, Kracauer. Films include Fritz Lang's Metropolis and Tom Tykwer's Run Lola Run.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE AND ETHNIC POLITICS", number:"null", id:"36396", path:"/courses/36396", description:"This course examines the role of race and ethnicity in the political discourse through a comparative survey of recent literature on the historical and contemporary political experiences of the four major minority groups (Blacks or African Americans, American Indians, Latinos or Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans). A few of the key topics will include assimilation and acculturation seen in the Asian American community, understanding the political direction of Black America in a pre and post Civil Rights era, and assessing the emergence of Hispanics as the largest minority group and the political impact of this demographic change. Throughout the semester, the course will introduce students to significant minority legislation, political behavior, social movements, litigation/court rulings, media, and various forms of public opinion that have shaped the history of racial and ethnic minority relations in this country. Readings are drawn from books and articles written by contemporary political scientists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OBESITY AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43221", path:"/courses/43221", description:"This course will examine obesity from scientific, cultural, psychological, and economic perspectives. The complex matrix of factors that contribute to obesity and established treatment options will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LITERATURE: EMOTIONS", number:"null", id:"42655", path:"/courses/42655", description:"An introduction to Writing about Literature, with emphasis on a particular theme, genre, or period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEIGHBORHOOD DISPLACEMENT & COMMUNITY POWER", number:"null", id:"43599", path:"/courses/43599", description:"This course uses the history of black displacement to examine community power and advocacy. It examines the methods of advocacy (e.g. case, class, and legislative) and political action through which community activists can influence social policy development and community and institutional change. The course also analyzes selected strategies and tactics of change and seeks to develop alternative roles in the group advocacy, lobbying, public education and public relations, electoral politics, coalition building, and legal and ethical dilemmas in political action. Case studies of neighborhood displacement serve as central means of examining course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIT POL DISILLUSIONMENT", number:"null", id:"38741", path:"/courses/38741", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN REAL ESTATE ECON", number:"null", id:"39260", path:"/courses/39260", description:"Urban Real Estate Economics uses economic concepts to analyze real estate markets, values and trends. The course focuses on market dynamics in the U.S. and internationally, with an emphasis on how urban growth and local and federal government policies impact urban development and real estate pricing. A group development project gives hands on experience, and invited guest speakers bring industry knowledge. Besides the group project and presentation, problem sets are required along with a midterm and an optional second exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN&DEVEL", number:"null", id:"37719", path:"/courses/37719", description:"The course provides the student with a number of tools and concepts necessary for creating and managing product development processes.The course consists of two interwoven parts. First, it presents the basic steps that are necessary for moving from a 'cool idea' to a product sufficiently mature to launch an entrepreneurial start-up. This includes cases, lectures, and exercises on topics like identifying customer needs, developing a product concept as well as effective prototyping strategies. The capstone of this first part is a real project in which student teams conceptualize and develop a new product or service up to the completion of a fully functional prototype. 

Second, the course discusses a number of challenges related to product development as encountered by management consultants, members of cross-functional development teams as well as general managers. We will analyze several cases related to, among others, resource allocation in R&D organizations, organizational forms of product development teams, as well as managing development projects across large geographic distances.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"44686", path:"/courses/44686", description:"Supervised advanced psychiatric mental health nursing practice with children, adolescents and their families, or adults and/or older adults and their families in a variety of settings, depending on the subspeciality option selected. Refinement and development of clinical intervention with an increasingly diverse caseload. A minimum of 16 hours of practice and 3 hours of small group supervision is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY TURKISH I", number:"null", id:"40767", path:"/courses/40767", description:"This is a course for beginners who have no previous knowledge of Turkish. Using a communicative approach, Elementary Turkish introduces basic vocabulary and grammar rules and focuses on building language competencies in listening, reading, speaking and writing. By the end of the course, students will be able to participate in simple conversations, to know daily expressions, and will understand simple dialogues in day-to-day context and will be able to count and tell time. Will be able to speak about events that happened in the past and express plans for the future. Students will also develop writing strategies that will allow them to write simple letters and fill in commonly-used forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EAST ASIAN DIPLOMACY", number:"null", id:"41576", path:"/courses/41576", description:"This course will survey the history of relations among the great powers in East Asia from 1600 to the present. Special emphasis will be played upon the peculiarities of cross-national exchange in Asia (as compared to Europe), particularly the difficulties of relations among states possessing fundamentally different cultural traditions. We will explore the many informal, as well as formal, means of diplomacy in Asia over the past 400 years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATER ISLAMIC ART & ARCH", number:"null", id:"42371", path:"/courses/42371", description:"Istanbul, Samarkand, Isfahan, Cairo and Delhi as major centers of art production in the fourteenth to seventeenth centuries. Attention is given to urban and architectural achievement as well as to the key monuments of painting and metalwork. The visual environment of the 'gunpowder empires' is discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIFFERENTIAL GEOMETRY", number:"null", id:"36072", path:"/courses/36072", description:"The course moves from a study of extrinsic geometry (curves and surfaces in n-space) to the intrinsic geometry of manifolds. After a review of vector calculus and a section on tensor algebra, we study manifolds and their intrinsic geometry, including metrics, connections, geodesics, and the Riemann curvature tensor. Topics include Eulerian curvature and Euler's theorems, the Gauss map and first/second fundamental forms, the Theorema Egregium, minimal surfaces in n-space; other topics as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHYSIOLOGY AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41871", path:"/courses/41871", description:"This course will integrate advanced physiology with pathophysiology and clinical implications across the lifespan for advanced nursing practice. Organ systems function and dysfunction from the level of the cell through integrated organ levels will be presented, and the genetic basis of disease will be discussed. Recent scientific advances will be discussed with application to new approaches to disease and symptom management. The interrelationships between basic physiology, clinical pathophysiology, and genetics are emphasized through lecture and case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43864", path:"/courses/43864", description:"A basic laboratory course in which both the theoretical and practical aspects of a variety of organic reactions and multistep syntheses are emphasized. Modern chromatographic, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques are applied to experimental organic chemistry. Course should be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 (or 243) or in the semester immediately following.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV INTERMED ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"39537", path:"/courses/39537", description:"This is a proficiency-based course which continues from the first intermediate course, ARAB 033/034. Emphasis continues to be on all four language skills: Speaking, Listening, Reading, & Writing. The readings for the class are chosen from actual texts from both medieval and modern Arabic in a variety of fields and subjects. Students will be expected to give classroom presentations and to write short essays in Arabic. Evaluation will be both Achievement- and proficiency- based.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"35970", path:"/courses/35970", description:"Seminar in international relations. Second semester of a two semester sequence including review of advanced international relations theory and research methods for the preparation of the senior thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLACES OF MEMORY", number:"null", id:"40078", path:"/courses/40078", description:"What is culture? What is German? Where are the borders between German, Austrian and Swiss culture? What is part of the 'cultural canon'? Who decides and what role does memory play? Relying on the theory of collective memory (Halbwachs) and the concept of 'places of memory' (Erinnerungsorte; Nora, Francois/Schulze) and with reference to examplary scholarly and literary texts, debates, songs, films, documents, and paintings from high and pop culture, this course will weave a mosaic of that which (also) constitutes German or German-language culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"43948", path:"/courses/43948", description:"How do we think 'the world' as such? Globalizing economic paradigms encourage one model that, while it connects distant regions with the ease of a finger-tap, also homogenizes the world, manufacturing patterns of sameness behind simulations of diversity. Our current world-political situation encourages another model, in which fundamental differences are held to warrant the consolidation of borders between Us and Them, 'our world' and 'theirs.' This course begins with the proposal that there are other ways to encounter the world, that are politically compelling, ethically important, and personally enriching--and that the study of literature can help tease out these new paths. Through the idea of World Literature, this course introduces students to the appreciation and critical analysis of literary texts, with the aim of navigating calls for universality or particularity (and perhaps both) in fiction and film. 'World literature' here refers not merely to the usual definition of 'books written in places other than the US and Europe, 'but any form of cultural production that explores and pushes at the limits of a particular world, that steps between and beyond worlds, or that heralds the coming of new worlds still within us, waiting to be born. And though, as we read and discuss our texts, we will glide about in space and time from the", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"35397", path:"/courses/35397", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Two broad areas will be considered 1) Molecular Biology: DNA replication, transcription, translation, regulation of gene expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic systems, and genomics and 2) Genetics: basic Mendelian & molecular genetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMAN SCULPTURE", number:"null", id:"43744", path:"/courses/43744", description:"Survey of the Republican origins and Imperial development of Roman sculpture - free-standing, relief, and architectural - from ca. 150 BC to 350 AD. We concentrate on sculpture in the capital city and on court and state arts, emphasizing commemorative public sculpture and Roman habits of decorative display; genres examined include relief, portraits, sarcophagi, luxury and minor arts(gems, metalwork, coinage). We evaluate the choice and evolution of styles with reference to the functions of sculptural representation in Roman culture and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMAL LOGIC I", number:"null", id:"43321", path:"/courses/43321", description:"This course provides an introduction to some of the fundamental ideas of logic. Topics will include truth functional logic, quantificational logic, and logical decision problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TABLA II", number:"null", id:"43470", path:"/courses/43470", description:"A continuation of Tabla I, also open to beginning students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"35232", path:"/courses/35232", description:"The first part of the course presents alternative methods of preparing managerial accounting information, and the remainder of the course examines how these methods are used by companies. Managerial accounting is a company's internal language, and is used for decision-making, production management, product design and pricing and for motivating and evaluating employees. Unless you understand managerial accounting, you cannot have a thorough understanding of a company's internal operations. What you learn in this course will help you understand the operations of your future employer (and enable you to be more successful at your job), and help you understand other companies you encounter in your role as competitor, consultant, or investor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HIST ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"44373", path:"/courses/44373", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF GENETICS", number:"null", id:"39618", path:"/courses/39618", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Mendelian and molecular genetics will be discussed as well as the use of genetic analysis to address questions in all areas of biology. The processes of DNA replication, transcription, and translation will be discussed at the molecular level. Other topics include the regulation of gene expression and genomics. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING DOCTORAL RESEARCH RESIDENCY: AIKEN", number:"null", id:"41921", path:"/courses/41921", description:"The purpose of this required one semester research residency is to enhance student research training early in the doctoral program by providing a mentored research experience. The residency is designed to be a tailored hands-on experience to provide students with exposure and the opportunity to participate in one or more aspects of an on-going research project. Research residencies are experiential activities designed to meet the student's individual learning needs. At the minimum, students with no or minimal prior research experience will gain a beginning level of experience on a variety of components of an ongoing research project. Students with more extensive research experience will tailor their residences with their residency supervisor to enhance their expertise in these various areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36081", path:"/courses/36081", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERSTANDING CAREERS", number:"null", id:"41746", path:"/courses/41746", description:"This course examines the structure of executive careers in order to help understand how those careers can be managed most effectively. By drawing on extensive economic, sociological and psychological research on careers, we will examine such questions as when executives should move on to the next job or evenchange fields altogether, and what are effective means of finding jobs, achieving promotions, managing networks, and achieving work-life balance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF MIND", number:"null", id:"44765", path:"/courses/44765", description:"This course studies particular topics in contemporary philosophy of mind and cognitive science. Examples include: the nature of consciousness, naturalistic accounts of intentionality, the nature scope of scientific explanation in studying the mind, the intersection of philosophy of mind and epistemology, and theories of agency. Typically, readings include both philosophy and empirical work from relevant sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE HISTORY OF GOD", number:"null", id:"42075", path:"/courses/42075", description:"This course introduces the history of God as understood by modern scholars of religion. Why do people believe in gods in the first place? How is the God of the Old Testament different from earlier Near Eastern dieties, or different from God as represented in the New Testament and the Quran? When and why did people come to question the existence of God, and how has the idea of God changed in the last century in light of experiences like the Holocaust, social movements like feminism, and the rise of new technologies like the Internet? This course will address these questions as it surveys the approaches scholars have developed to comprehend the history of a being who would seem beyond human comprehension.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFORMATION DESIGN AND VISUALIZATION", number:"null", id:"44174", path:"/courses/44174", description:"Information Design and Visualization is an introductory course that explores the structures of information (text, numbers, images, sounds, video, etc.) and presents strategies for designing effective visual communication appropriate for various users and audiences. The course seeks to articulate a vocabulary of information visualization and find new design forms for an increasingly complex culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMED IMAGE ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"41003", path:"/courses/41003", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of advanced quantitative image analysis that apply to all of the major and emerging modalities in biological/biomaterials imaging and in vivo biomedical imaging. While traditional image processing techniques will be discussed to provide context, the emphasis will be on cutting edge aspects of all areas of image analysis (including registration, segmentation, and high-dimensional statistical analysis). Significant coverage of state-of-the-art biomedical research and clinical applications will be incorporated to reinforce the theoretical basis of the analysis methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"39972", path:"/courses/39972", description:"Through a series of studio projects this course introduces techniques of 2D and 3D computer animation. Emphasis is placed on time-based design and storytelling through animation performance and montage. Students will develop new sensitivities to movement, composition, cinematography, editing, sound, color and lighting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"38184", path:"/courses/38184", description:"Managerial economics is the application of microeconomic theory to managerial decision-making. Microeconomic theory is a remarkably useful body of ideas for understanding and analyzingt the behavior of individuals and firms in a variety of economic settingsd. The goal of the course is for you to understand this body of theory well enough so that you can effectively analyze managerial (and other) problems in an economic framework. While this is a 'tools' course, we will cover many business applications so taht you can witness the usefulness of thse tools and acquire the skills to use them yourself. We will depart from the usualy microeconomic thoery course by giving more emphasis to prescription: What should a manager do in order to achieve some objective? That course deliverable is to be cmpared with description: Why do firms and consumers act the way they do? The latter will still be quite prominent in this course because only by understanding how customers and competitors behave can a manager determine the best strategy. Turning to coverage, the course begins with development of the theory of supply and demand underlying the competitive model. We then turn to monopoly and oligopoly and investigate the development and use of market power such s through price descrimination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"37212", path:"/courses/37212", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORAL HISTORY", number:"null", id:"41564", path:"/courses/41564", description:"Topics Vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROJECTS IN PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"38564", path:"/courses/38564", description:"This course will concentrate on expanding imagery in print media. The course requires the proposal of a directed final project to be developed during the semester. Three initial exploratory projects will culminate in the final. Projects are open to all print media, but there will be an emphasis on screen printing. Techniques will be addressed as they serve the needs of ideas rather than a set technical procedure. Through individual consultation, scheduled class critiques, and field trips, attention will be given to studio work in and out of printmaking so that the technical and conceptual strengths of print media can serve as a worthwhile adjunct to an overall studio practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY INDONESIAN II", number:"null", id:"43674", path:"/courses/43674", description:"Elementary Indonesian II course is the second course in the first-year series. It is designed to strengthen and expand students Indonesian language competencies in listening, speaking, reading, writing and to deepen their understanding of Indonesian culture. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in more detail conversations about familiar things and topics pertinent to them. Students will know everyday expressions and will be able to describe their cities, to tell story about their friends, family, about celebration and family tradition. Furthermore, students will be able to talk about events that happened in the past and in the future, will be able to make comparisons, to express their preference, describe people, things, or an important experience in increasing detail. Furthermore, students will be able to make plan for a party or a trip, write and retell a story or fairy tale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE MARKETING", number:"null", id:"37290", path:"/courses/37290", description:"This course is aimed at students interested in better understanding an increasingly complex market environmnent for Healthcare product development and commercialization. Across the entirety of the class we will explore the facts and clarify the implications of five ongoing thematic changes - the 5 D's - that are fundamentally transforming commercial decision making in health care markets from insurance and care delivery to pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, and devices: (1) Dispersion (of choice): Healthcare product/service choice has dispersed from a physician-centric world to include patients, payors, governments, advocacy groups, purchasing organizations, pharmacies, and hospitals. (2) Data (explosion of): How organizations understand and leverage the immense availability of data and shepherd its conversion into insights will be key driver of future competitive differentiation. (3) Disruption (technological avalanche): The multiplicity of channels within which is gathered, shared and exploited has caused much confusion in an industry that often feels hampered by regulatory oversight. How can a commercialization/marketing executive maintain control over information and brand identity in such an age? (4) Division (of responsibilities): Companies are most often organized in multiple 

customer-facing and/or functional silos (e.g., Customer Marketing, Professional Promotion, Managed Markets, Early Development, Data Managements).In a world where these organizational functions have converged how is commercialization and marketing best managed? (5) Dollars (economic implications): Each stakeholder within this newly dispersed set has different concerns and interacts in different ways, at different points of the value chain, with different incentives! Understanding the collective impact of the interplays across these differences is a competence that any Healthcare marketer needs to develop in order to craft and deliver market-perceived value.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHARTON FIELD CHALLENGE: BBTW/Community development (literacy classes)", number:"null", id:"40313", path:"/courses/40313", description:"http://fap.wharton.upenn.edu/353 Students Info.htm", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HIST ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"43002", path:"/courses/43002", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JEWISH AMERICAN LIT", number:"null", id:"41508", path:"/courses/41508", description:"What makes Jewish American literature Jewish? What makes it American? This course will address these questions about ethnic literature through fiction, poetry, drama, and other writings by Jews in America, from their arrival in 1654 to the present. We will discuss how Jewish identity and ethnicity shape literature and will consider how form and language develop as Jewish writers 'immigrate' from Yiddish, Hebrew, and other languages to American English. Our readings, from Jewish American Literature: A Norton Anthology, will include a variety of stellar authors, both famous and less-known, including Isaac Mayer Wise, Emma Lazarus, Isaac Bashevis Singer, Celia Dropkin, Abraham Cahan, Anzia Yezierska, Saul Bellow, Philip Roth, Cynthia Ozick, and Allegra Goodman. Students will come away from this course having explored the ways that Jewish culture intertwines with American culture in literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSS HERITAGE SPEAKERS 2", number:"null", id:"36477", path:"/courses/36477", description:"This course is a continuation of RUSS360. In some cases, students who did not take RUSS360 but have basic reading and writing skills may be permitted to enroll with the instructor's permission. Students who complete RUSS361 with a passing grade will satisfy the Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC. OF MEDIA & POP CULT", number:"null", id:"36517", path:"/courses/36517", description:"This course relies on a variety of sociological perspectives to examine the role of media and popular culture in society, with a particular emphasis on the power of the mass media industry, the relationship between cultural consumption and status, and the social organization of leisure activities from sports to shopping. Specific course topics include the branding of Starbucks, the rising importance of aesthetics and style in everyday life, and how young people use social media in the digital age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFORMATION DESIGN AND VISUALIZATION", number:"null", id:"35763", path:"/courses/35763", description:"Information Design and Visualization is an introductory course that explores the structures of information (text, numbers, images, sounds, video, etc.) and presents strategies for designing effective visual communication appropriate for various users and audiences. The course seeks to articulate a vocabulary of information visualization and find new design forms for an increasingly complex culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL FIGURE MODELING", number:"null", id:"35743", path:"/courses/35743", description:"This course introduces methods of modeling, texturing, and rendering human and animal figures. Students will study anatomical bone and muscle structures, and then employ this knowledge as they develop polygonal models for real-time 3D simulations or gaming environments, high-resolution renderings, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROCHEM ENG OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"43161", path:"/courses/43161", description:"After introducing electrochemical concepts (redox reactions, electrolytic versus galvanic cells, standard oxidation potentials), this course will cover the broad impact of electrochemical phenomena on materials. Topics that will be discussed include: (1) Materials extraction from their ores to finished products by electrowinning, (2) Chemical refining (Mond process) and electrorefining of materials, (3) Materials degradation by destructive electrochemical corrosion, (4) Three-dimensional nanostructured materials by selective electrochemical corrosion, (5) Enhancing the electrochemical performance of materials via nanostructuring - e.g. lithium-ion battery electrodes; (6) Enhancing the electrochemical performance of materials via surface chemistry - e.g. oxygen evolution electrocatalysts; (7) Light-enhanced electrochemical performance of materials - e.g. solar water splitting photoelectrocatalysts. Students will be engaged in interactive classroom activities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZING EAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"38094", path:"/courses/38094", description:"This course explores the changing culture and society of China, South Korea, and Japan and analyzes the reactions of ordinary people to these changes. Our course discussion begins with a critical investigation into traditional societies based on patriarchy, Confucian ethics, and subsistence agriculture and how they have changed since their initial encounters with expanding global capitalism. This course then examines how the recently intensifying transnational movements of capital, commodities, people, and 'cultures' have created particular cultural and societal forms in the region. Drawing on ethnographic, historical, and political literature about the three countries, students can understand how the particular culture and economy of each country has contributed to creating different paths of their historical-cultural transformations. Our topics include: changes in traditional families and gender roles, international wars and massive modernization movements; corporate culture and its local variations; domestic and international labor migration and the conditions of migrant workers; international marriages and transnational flow of brides; US-based fast food restaurants and food crisis; emerging consumerism and commodification of childhood; 'odorless' Japanese cultural products and their popularity in Asian countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM FRENCH: ACCELERATED", number:"null", id:"40020", path:"/courses/40020", description:"French 112 is an intensive elementary language course covering the equivalent of French 110 and 120 in one semester. Students must have a departmental permit to register. The course is normally open only to students who have no previous knowledge of French, and who have already fulfilled the language requirement in another language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMIC GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"36211", path:"/courses/36211", description:"How should an auction for scarce goods be structured if the sellers wish to maximize their revenue? How badly will traffic be snarled if drivers each selfishly try to minimize their commute time, compared to if a benevolent dictator directed traffic? How can couples be paired so that no two couples wish to swap partners in hindsight? How can you be as successful as the best horse-racing expert at betting on horse races, without knowing anything about horse racing? In this course, we will take an algorithmic perspective on problems in game theory, to solve problems such as the ones listed above. Game theory has applications in a wide variety of settings in which multiple participants with different incentives are placed in the same environment, must interact, and each 'player''s actions affect the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ALGEBRA INITIA", number:"null", id:"40253", path:"/courses/40253", description:"Community Algebra Initiative", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"44467", path:"/courses/44467", description:"Syllabus for MATH 360-361: a study of the foundations of the differential and integral calculus, including the real numbers and elementary topology, continuous and differentiable functions, uniform convergence of series of functions, and inverse and implicit function theorems. MATH 508-509 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: CINEMA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"37094", path:"/courses/37094", description:"This course explores an aspect of Film Studies intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL LINGUISTCS", number:"null", id:"43920", path:"/courses/43920", description:"Computational approaches to the problem of understanding and producing natural language text and speech, including speech processing, syntactic parsing, semantic interpretation, discourse meaning, and the role of pragmatics and world knowledge. The course will examine both rule-based and corpus-based techniques. It is recommended that students have some knowledge of logic, basic linguistics, and/or programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASTRONOMICAL TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"43756", path:"/courses/43756", description:"A laboratory course in astronomical observations and data reduction. This course satisfies one of the requirements for the astrophysics concentration. Topics vary, but include spherical astronomy, timekeeping and coordinate systems, astro-statistics, telescopes, CCD's, signal processing, imaging, spectroscopy, radio astronomy and data reduction techniques using custom software. Attendance at observatory sessions outside of the scheduled class time is required, but times are uncertain due to weather conditions. The course requires small-group work in-class, and substantial out-of-class time. Notes: Course not offered every year. The observatories at DRL are used for experimental and observational practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"42992", path:"/courses/42992", description:"This course provides an introduction to the ideas and techniques of Industrial Design, which operates between Engineering and Marketing as the design component of Integrated Product Development. The course is intended for students from engineering, design, or business with an interest in multi-disciplinary, needs-based product design methods. It will follow a workshop model, combining weekly lectures on design manufacturing, with a progressive set of design exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE RACIAL POLI: COMPARATIVE RACIAL POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40892", path:"/courses/40892", description:"This course combines scholarship on race and racism in plural societies with qualitative approaches to the study of political institutions, phenomena and actors. Germany, Brazil, France and Cuba will be examined as individual country cases and in comparative perspective. Conceptual and theoretical readings on race, racism and politics provide students with the analytic tools to draw more abstract lessons and generalizable conclusions about how racial and ethno-national hierarchy involves the role of the state and political economy, culture, norms and institutions. Students will also examine the impact of civil rights movements for political equality in response to legacies of racial and ethno-national hierarchy and inequality. Finally, students will become familiar with scholarship on nationalism and social movements as they relate to racial politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECTIONS FROM ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"38893", path:"/courses/38893", description:"Informal introduction to such subjects as homological algebra, number theory, and algebraic geometry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COMM: MARKETING LIKES", number:"null", id:"45061", path:"/courses/45061", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Communications, the interdisciplinary study of the processes of human communication. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39192", path:"/courses/39192", description:"This course will develop theoretical and computational approaches to structural and functional organization in the brain. The course will cover: (i) the basic biophysics of neural responses, (ii) neural coding and decoding with an emphasis on sensory systems, (iii) approaches to the study of networks of neurons, (iv) models of adaptation, learning and memory, (v) models of decision making, and (vi) ideas that address why the brain is organized the way that it is. The course will be appropriate for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students. A knowledge of multi-variable calculus, linear algebra and differential equations is required (except by permission of the instructor). Prior exposure to neuroscience and/or Matlab programming will be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38662", path:"/courses/38662", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL RELATIVITY", number:"null", id:"40560", path:"/courses/40560", description:"This is a graduate level, introductory course in general relativity. The basics of general relativity will be covered with a view to understanding the mathematical background, the construction of the theory, and applications to the solar system, black holes, gravitational waves and cosmology. The latter part of the course will cover some of the basic modern topics in modern cosmology, including the current cosmological model, the accelerating universe, and open questions driving current research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"40828", path:"/courses/40828", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. Wewill address different phases of a company's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 383 is a half semester course offered in Q3 during the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE IV", number:"null", id:"43052", path:"/courses/43052", description:"American Sign Language (ASL) at the Intermediate II level. Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner, including, but not limited to, narrative production. Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIT APPR TO POP CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43950", path:"/courses/43950", description:"Popular culture has been variously dismissed as mere trivia, 'just entertainment;' it has been condemned as propaganda, a tool of mass deception; and its consumers have been dubbed fashion victims and couch potatoes. This course considers these critiques, as well as those that suggest that popular culture offers valuable material for the study of social life. We will consider the meanings and impact of popular culture, including its effects on how we see ourselves, others, and American life; who makes distinctions between high, middlebrow, and low or mass culture; and how power and resistance structure the production and consumption of popular texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"45136", path:"/courses/45136", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. Theory of supply and demand, costs and revenues of the firm under perfect competition, monopoly and oligopoly, pricing of factors of production, income distribution, and theory of international trade. Econ 1 deals primarily with microeconomics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE CRIME & PUNISHMENT", number:"null", id:"39203", path:"/courses/39203", description:"Freshmen seminars are small, substantive courses taught by members of the faculty and open only to freshmen. These seminars offer an excellent opportunity to explore areas not represented in high school curricula and to establish relationships with faculty members around areas of mutual interest. See www.college.upenn.edu/admissions/freshmen.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SCREENWRITING", number:"null", id:"38297", path:"/courses/38297", description:"This is a workshop style course for students who have completed a screenwriting class, or have a draft of a screenplay they wish to improve or want to learn everything in one shot and are ready to do a lot of writing, and even more rewriting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE,HIST & CULTR II: Romantics, Realists, and Revolutionaries", number:"null", id:"36583", path:"/courses/36583", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice from the end of the Eighteenth-Century to the present, with an emphasis on interplay of mainstream practices with the newly emerging aesthetics of acting, scenography, and theatrical theory, and the interplay of popular entertainment and audiences with the self-defined aesthetic elitism of the Avant Garde. Among the aesthetics and phenomena we will examine are romanticism and melodrama; bourgeois realism and revolutionary naturalism; emotional-realist acting; the reaction against realism; political theatre; physical theatre; theatre and media; non-dramatic theatre; and theatre that challenges long-standing categories of national identity, empire, gender, and sexuality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTINATIONAL MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38915", path:"/courses/38915", description:"Multinational management is the study of the international corporation and the global political and economic environment. This course provides an introduction to the more advanced offerings. It covers the historical origins of the multinational corporation, the economics of trade, money and investment in the world economy, and the policies and behavior of governments and international organizations. We place considerable emphasis in understanding the national and historic origins of the international firm, as well as on current issues regarding emerging economies and shifts in the political economy of global markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADVERTISNG", number:"null", id:"40336", path:"/courses/40336", description:"This course focuses on advertising via all media - print, digital, video, TV, Internet, etc. Emphasis is placed on understanding the communication development process and consumer behavior (psychology), the measurement and evaluation of advertising effects, and developing appropriate media plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOPIRACY MED PLANTS GLO", number:"null", id:"38774", path:"/courses/38774", description:"Biopiracy has emerged as the name of conflict between multinational pharmaceutical companies attempting to get genetic patents on medicinal plants and indigenous communities in the Global South who have long known and used these plants for medicinal purposes. Today the story of Biopiracy is an unfolding story of plants, patents and power. The extraction and commercial exploitation of plants and knowledge about them from the Global South however is not new. It has been happening at increasing pace for at least the last two centuries. Both the anti-malarial drug quinine and the cancer drug vincristine for instance have their plant-origins in the Global South where local communities used them medicinally long before their discovery by biomedicine. This course will put the current debates around Biopiracy in context and explore how the entanglements of plants and power have changed or not changed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEX & HUMAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"39515", path:"/courses/39515", description:"This is an introduction to the scientific study of sex in humans. Within an evolutionary framework, the course examines genetic, physiological, ecological, social and behavioral aspects of sex in humans. After providing the basic principles of evolutionary biology, the course will examine the development of sexual anatomy and physiology. How is sex determined? How is orgasm achieved? Why do girls and boys develop sexually at different ages? The role of ecology and social life in shaping human mating patterns will be evaluated through the use of ethnographies and cross-cultural materials on a variety of human cultures. Does everybody have sex the way we do? Why marry? Are there biological bases for love? Why do we experience jealousy? Finally, topics relevant to human sexuality today will be discussed, such as recreational sex, contraception, and sexually transmitted diseases. Examples are drawn primarily from traditional and modern human societies; data from studies of nonhuman primates are also considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLACKS IN AMERICAN FILM AND TELEVISION", number:"null", id:"39480", path:"/courses/39480", description:"This course is an examination and analysis of the changing images and achievements of African Americans in motion pictures and television. The first half of the course focuses on African-American film images from the early years of D.W. Griffith's 'renegade bucks' in The Birth of a Nation (1915); to the comic servants played by Steppin Fetchit, Hattie McDaniel, and others during the Depression era; to the post-World War II New Negro heroes and heroines of Pinky (1949) and The Defiant Ones (1958); to the rise of the new movement of African American directors such as Spike Lee (Do the Right Thing), Julie Dash (Daughters of the Dust), Charles Burnett, (To Sleep With Anger) and John Singleton (Boyz N the Hood). The second half explores television images from the early sitcoms 'Amos 'n Andy' and 'Beulah' to the 'Cosby Show,' 'Fresh Prince of Bel Air,' and 'Martin.' Foremost this course will examine Black stereotypes in American films and television--and the manner in which those stereotypes have reflected national attitudes and outlooks during various historical periods. The in-class screenings and discussions will include such films as Show Boat (1936), the independently produced 'race movies' of the 1930s and 1940s, Cabin in the Sky (1943), The Defiant Ones (1958), Imitation of Life (the 1959 remake) & Super Fly (1972).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM CLASSICAL GREEK II", number:"null", id:"42876", path:"/courses/42876", description:"Students complete their study of the morphology and syntax of Classical Greek. We begin the semester with continuing exercises in grammar and translation, then gradually shift emphasis to reading unadapted Greek texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVISIBLE LABOR HUM SCI: Invisible Labor in the Human Sciences", number:"null", id:"44989", path:"/courses/44989", description:"This course looks at those disciplines that take people as their subjects of research--including biology and biomedicine as well as anthropology, linguistics, and sociology--to explore the contributions of a wide range of research participants. We will focus on the sciences of human behavior, information, and medicine to analyze the labors of behind-the-scenes actors including tissue donors, survey respondents, student subjects, patients, translators, activists, ethics review boards, data curators, and archivists. Our job will be to analyze the experiences of these technoscientific laborers with a view to systems of knowledge and power in the production and maintenance of Knowledge about humans and their bodies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CLAY: THE POTTER'S WHEEL AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"44164", path:"/courses/44164", description:"In this introductory clay class, students will learn all the fundamental skills needed to create three- dimensional forms in clay using a variety of methods: wheel throwing, handbuilding (such as coil building and slab construction), and press molding. Whether creating utilitarian forms or creating sculpture, projects are designed to strengthen both craftsmanship and individual creativity. In addition to developing a working knowledge of the ceramic process, including surface treatments and glazing, students will also be introduced to design issues as well as contemporary art/ceramics topics that influence our aesthetic sensibilities. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCHASTIC PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"39363", path:"/courses/39363", description:"An introduction to Stochastic Processes. The primary focus is on Markov Chains, Martingales and Gaussian Processes. We will discuss many interesting applications from physics to economics. Topics may include: simulations of path functions, game theory and linear programming, stochastic optimization, Brownian Motion and Black-Scholes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY MARKETS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"43788", path:"/courses/43788", description:"Over the last several decades, energy markets have become some of the most dynamic markets of the world economy. Traditional fossil fuel and electricity markets have been seen a partial shift from heavy regulation to market-driven incentives, while rising environmental concerns have led to a wide array of new regulations and 'environmental markets'. The growth of renewable energy could be another source of rapid change, but brings with it a whole new set of tecnological and policy challenges. This changing energy landscape requires quick adaptation from energy companies, but also offers opportunities to turn regulations into new business. The objective of this course is to provide students with the economist's perspective on a broad range of topics that professionals in the energy industry will encounter. Topics include the effect of competition, market power and scarcity on energy prices, the impact of deregulation on electricity and fossil fuel markets, extraction and pricing of oil and gas, geopolitical uncertainty and risk in hydrocarbon investments, the environmental impact and policies related to the energy sector, environmental cap-and-trade markets, energy efficiency, the economics and finance of renewable energy, and recent developments in the transportation sector.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN CINEMA", number:"null", id:"37273", path:"/courses/37273", description:"An introduction to the momentous history of German film, from its beginnings before World War One to developments following the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 and German reunification in 1990. With an eye to film's place in its historical and political context, the course will explore the 'Golden Age' of German cinema in the Weimar Republic, when Berlin vied with Hollywood; the complex relationship between Nazi ideology and entertainment during the Third Reich; the fate of German film-makers in exile during the Hitler years; post-war film production in both West and East Germany; the call for an alternative to 'Papa's Kino' and the rise of New German Cinema in the 1960s.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: The Shakespeare Variations", number:"null", id:"39892", path:"/courses/39892", description:"In the 16th and 17th centuries it was an almost universally held belief that women should never rule over men. However, the existence of three regnant queens Mary Tudor, Mary Stuart and Elizabeth I inescapably belied this central principle of social order. How did men and women of the period reconcile themselves to female rule, or did they? How did queens construct their public personae in order to maintain Their power? What portrayals of ruling women were employed by queens'opponents? How do political ideologists, conflicting religious beliefs, adn the pressure of dynastic struggle effect the question of female rule?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT STORY COLLECTIONS", number:"null", id:"44223", path:"/courses/44223", description:"This course is intended for those with no prior background in folklore or knowledge of various cultures. Texts range in age from the first century to the twentieth, and geographically from the Middle East to Europe to the United States. Each collection displays various techniques of collecting folk materials and making them concerete. Each in its own way also raises different issues of genre, legitimacy, canon formation, cultural values and context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE GRK TXT:LANG & STYLE", number:"null", id:"38675", path:"/courses/38675", description:"What do we need to read texts in ancient Greek? In this course we read just one prose text and one poetic text, or a very limited number of texts and passages, with a focus on language and formal analysis (such as diction, grammar, stylistics, metrics, rhetoric, textual criticism). A range of exercises will be used to develop these skills, including composition, lexical studies, recitation, memorization, exegesis, written close-readings, and sight-translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST,CLTR, EARLY INDIA: HISTORY, CULTURE AND RELIGION IN EARLY INDIA", number:"null", id:"44904", path:"/courses/44904", description:"This course surveys the culture, religion and history of India from 2500 BCE to 1200 CE. The course examines the major cultural, religious and social factors that shaped the course of early Indian history. The following themes will be covered: the rise and fall of Harappan civilization, the 'Aryan Invasion' and Vedic India, the rise of cities, states and the religions of Buddhism and Jainism, the historical context of the growth of classical Hinduism, including the Mahabharata, Ramayana and the development of the theistic temple cults of Saivism and Vaisnavism, processes of medieval agrarian expansion and cultic incorporation as well as the spread of early Indian cultural ideas in Southeast Asia. In addition to assigned secondary readings students will read select primary sources on the history of religion and culture of early India, including Vedic and Buddhist texts, Puranas and medieval temple inscriptions. Major objectives of the course will be to draw attention to India's early cultural and religious past and to assess contemporary concerns and ideologies in influencing our understanding and representation of that past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART NOW", number:"null", id:"35324", path:"/courses/35324", description:"One of the most striking features of today's art world is the conspicuous place occupied in it by the photographic image. Large-scale color photographs and time-based installations in projections are everywhere. Looking back, we can see that much of the art making of the past 60 years has also been defined by this medium, regardless of the form it takes. Photographic images have inspired countless paintings, appeared in combines and installations, morphed into sculptures, drawings and performances, and served both as the object and the vehicle of institutional critique. They are also an increasinglyimportant exhibition site: where most of us go to see earthworks, happenings and body-art. This course is a three-part exploration of our photographic present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"36865", path:"/courses/36865", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECONFIGURING PORTRAITURE", number:"null", id:"37178", path:"/courses/37178", description:"As methods of representation are constantly shifting, one thing is clear - the photographic portrait is not what is used to be. Exploring both traditional and contemporary methods of portraiture, this class will uncover and discuss the ways in which we perceive each other in imagery, both as individuals and as groups. Throughout the semester, we will consider how portraits deal with truth, physical absence, the gaze, cultural embodiment, voyeurism and the digital persona. This course will build on the combination of perception, technology, and practice. Throughout the semester, students will advance by learning lighting techniques and strategies of presentation - as these core skills will become tools in the execution of project concepts. In tandem with each project, students will encounter and discuss a wide array of photography and writings from the past to the present, in an effort to understand the meanings and psychological effects of freezing the human image in time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY PORTUGUESE I", number:"null", id:"40567", path:"/courses/40567", description:"Portuguese 110 is a first-semester introductory language course for students who have not studied Portuguese before, or who have had very little exposure to the language. The course will emphasize the development of foundational reading, writing, listening and speaking abilitites within a cultural context. Students will participate in paired and group activities designed to elicit meaningful and accurate exchanges of information. The course will introduce students to Portuguese and Lusophone culture through a variety of authentic materials, including texts, songs, films and other audio and video material. Classes will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Portraits of Soviet Society: Literature, Film, Drama", number:"null", id:"44896", path:"/courses/44896", description:"How can art and literature open a window on Russian lives lived over the course of the tumultuous twentieth century? This course adopts a unique approach to questions of cultural and social history. Each week-long unit is organized around a medium-length film, text or set of texts by some of the most important cultural figures of the era (novella, play, memoir, film, short stories) which opens up a single scene of social history: work, village, avant-garde, war, Gulag, and so on. Each cultural work is accompanied by a set of supplementary materials: historical readings, paintings, cultural-analytical readings, excerpts from other literary works, etc. We will read social history through culture and culture through history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVT'L MGMT LAW & POL", number:"null", id:"36030", path:"/courses/36030", description:"This course provides an introduction to environmental management with a focus on law and policy as a basic framework. The primary aim of the course is to give students a deeper practical sense of the important relationship between business and the natural environment and to think critically about how best to manage this relationship.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Art of Speaking: Comm Within the Curriculum Speaking Advisor Training", number:"null", id:"42575", path:"/courses/42575", description:"This course is designed to equip students with the major tenets of rhetorical studies and peer education necessary to work as a CWiC speaking advisor. The course is a practicum that aims to develop students' abilities as speakers, as critical listeners and as advisors able to help others develop those abilities. In addition to creating and presenting individual presentations, students present workshops and practice advising. During this ABCS course, students will practice their advising skills by coaching and mentoring students at a public school in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OBESITY AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40422", path:"/courses/40422", description:"This course will examine obesity from scientific, cultural, psychological, and economic perspectives. The complex matrix of factors that contribute to obesity and established treatment options will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSUASION & COMM", number:"null", id:"35545", path:"/courses/35545", description:"Theory, research and application in the persuasive effects of communication in social and mass contexts. Primary focus on the effects of messages on attitudes, opinions, values, and behaviors. Applications include political, commercial, and public service advertising; propaganda; and communication campaigns (e.g. anti-smoking).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY STORAGE & TECHNOL", number:"null", id:"37583", path:"/courses/37583", description:"This course provides an understanding of the major materials issues for current and emerging energy technologies. It includes a classification of materials for energy applications involving generation, transmission and storage of electricity; current and future uses of fossil fuels, with emphasis on higher efficiency uses of fossil fuels and 'all electric' applications (e.g. transportation and power generation) and new materials as technology enablers for future energy sources: nuclear, fuel cells, solar, wind.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"42556", path:"/courses/42556", description:"The objective of the game design practicum is to provide students with hands on experience designing and developing 3D computer games. Working in teams of three or four, students will brainstorm an original game concept, write a formal game design document then develop a fully functional prototype consisting of a playable level of the game. In addition to creation of original art and animation assets for the game, technical features to be designed and implemented include a nove l game mechanic and/or user interaction model, game physics (i.e. particle systems and rigid body dynamics), character animation, game AI (i.e. movement control, path planning, decision making, etc.), sound effects and effects and background music, 2D graphical user interface (GUI) design and optional multiplayer networking capabilities. Consistent with standard industry practices, game code and logic will be written using C++ and popular scripting languages such as Python and Lua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHARTON FIELD CHALLENGE: BBTW/Community development (literacy classes)", number:"null", id:"43121", path:"/courses/43121", description:"http://fap.wharton.upenn.edu/353 Students Info.htm", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"38120", path:"/courses/38120", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 031/631.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"42170", path:"/courses/42170", description:"Discrete and continuous sample spaces and probability; random variables, distributions, independence; expectation and generating functions; Markov chains and recurrence theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"42062", path:"/courses/42062", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal and managerial perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY: Other People's Money: The Law, Politics & History of Financial Institutions", number:"null", id:"44420", path:"/courses/44420", description:"We learn in introductory economics courses that money is fungible: that is, one dollar is as good as the next. Indeed, using money as a 'medium of exchange' is one of its defining characteristics. But what happens when we take a big pile of money and put it in different buckets. On one bucket we might write 'hedge fund'; on another, 'central bank'; on still another, 'payday lender.' Then money starts to change in ways defined by law, history, ethics, and politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN PUBLIC POLICY: PHILADELPHIA -- A CASE STUDY", number:"null", id:"39415", path:"/courses/39415", description:"An introduction to a broad range of substantive policy areas affecting the city, and an exploration into the complexities of policy formulation and implementation in a large and pluralistic metropolitan setting. The course subtitle, 'Philadelphia -- A Case Study,' describes our approach. Donna Cooper currently leads the region's foremost child advocacy organization focused on poverty, child welfare and education issues, she formerly served as the Deputy Mayor for Policy for the City of Philadelphia, and Secretary of Policy of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"44394", path:"/courses/44394", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. A continuation of the material offered in KORN 381. Business Korean I. Students further develop their Korean language proficiency at the advance-high level by studying case studies, participating in discussions, and doing research and giving presentations on the topic of current Korean business and economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISCOUS FLUID FLOW", number:"null", id:"38909", path:"/courses/38909", description:"This is an intermediate course that builds on the basic principles of Fluid Mechanics. The course provides a more in depth and unified framework to understand fluid flow at different time and length scales, in particular fiscous flows. Topics include review of basic concepts, conservation laws (momentum, mass, and heat), fluid kinematics, tensor analysis, Stokes' approximations, non-Newtonian fluid mechanics, and tubulence. The course will explore important modern topics such as microfluidics, swimming of micro-organisms, wind turbines, rheology, biofluid mechanics, and boundary layers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SUPERBUG EPIDEMIC", number:"null", id:"35387", path:"/courses/35387", description:"The discovery of penicillin ushered in a new medical era - the antibiotic era - where patients no longer died from simple infections. We are now in a seemingly never-ending cycle of new antibiotics. However, the pipeline for antibiotics has slowed and we are rapidly entering the superbug era. We will use antibiotic resistance as a lens through which to understand the critical role that science plays in public health policy. At the end of the course, students should understand how these science-based public health decisions are made with the help of different stakeholders, which in this case include the government and healthcare system, basic and clinical scientists, the food industry and pharmaceutical companies, doctors and veterinarians, individuals and their communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EURO INTELL HIST 18TH C.", number:"null", id:"35944", path:"/courses/35944", description:"A survey based soley on primary sources of the main currents of eighteenth-century European thought: the 'Enlightenment;' deism; natural religion; skepticism; evangelical revival; political reform; utilitarianism; naturalism; and materialism. The course will focus on works widely-read in the eighteenth century and of enduring historical significance. There are no prerequisites, and one of the goals of the course is to make eighteenth-century thought accessible in its context to the twenty-first century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VOICE FOR THE ACTOR", number:"null", id:"40759", path:"/courses/40759", description:"This introductory course is designed to help the actor find new freedom and range of expression with their voice and to connect their voice to their impulse. Our focus on relaxation, sensitivity and awareness, using Fitzmaurice Voicework techniques inspired by yoga and meditation, help the student access and develop their own authentic sound. They will learn how to support their voice in a healthy way, with a view to longevity, spontaneity and flexibility of use. In this course, these kinds of vocal exercises will be applied to short, character monologues, in order to foster sensitivity to our voices and breath and to the habits and tensions we have formed around speaking in public. For an actor, reconnecting with their authentic voice is essential for an honest, connected and compelling performance. This training is also useful for anyone who wants to speak in public with confidence, sincerity and ease.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG PICTURES: MURAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"39958", path:"/courses/39958", description:"The history and practice of the contemporary mural movement couples step by step analysis of the process of designing with painting a mural. In addition students will learn to see mural art as a tool for social change. This course combines theory with practice. Students will design and paint a large outdoor mural in West Philadelphia in collaboration with Philadelphia high school students and community groups. The class is co-taught by Jane Golden, director of the Mural Arts Program in Philadelphia, and Shira Walinsky, a mural arts painter and founder of Southeast by Southeast project, a community center for Burmese refugees in South Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE: The Eumenides by Aeschylus", number:"null", id:"39401", path:"/courses/39401", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE II", number:"null", id:"36267", path:"/courses/36267", description:"In this didactic course, students learn to integrate their advanced pharmacology and pathophysiology background with their understanding of acute illness and injury. The focus is on the evidence-based management of patients with neurologic, gastrointestinal, renal, oncologic, and metabolic health problems. Students develop skills to create a differential diagnosis when an adult/older-adult presents with a constellation of symptoms. Common and atypical presentations of illness and disease are explored. Focus is placed on holistic care including the psychosocial, cultural, and spiritual aspects of patients' response to their illness or injury. Epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management, and advanced clinical decision making based on current clinical research are emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43428", path:"/courses/43428", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRESHWATER ECOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42451", path:"/courses/42451", description:"Survey of the physical, chemical and biological properties of freshwater ecosystems, both riverine and lentic, natural and polluted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"44161", path:"/courses/44161", description:"The course offers an introduction to several forms of printmaking including: intaglio, screen printing, relief, and monoprinting. Through in-class demonstrations students are introduced to various approaches to making and printing in each medium. The course enhances a student's capacity for developing images through two-dimensional design and conceptual processes. Technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FILM FESTIVALS: TRIBECA FILM FESTIVAL", number:"null", id:"35481", path:"/courses/35481", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"43393", path:"/courses/43393", description:"This seminar examines the influences on and patterns of China's international relations. Topics to be covered include the following:theoretical approaches to analyzing foreign policy; the historical legacy and evolution of China's foreign policy; contemporary China's foreign policy on traditional national security concerns as well as economic, environmental, and humanitarian issues; China's military modernization; China's foreign policy in Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America; China's rise and its implications for relations with the United States. The class is a seminar in which student preparation and participation will essential. Students planning to enroll in the course must have taken PSCI 219 (or, with the instructor's permission, its equivalent). You are expected to complete all required readings each week and come to seminar meetings prepared to discuss them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"37227", path:"/courses/37227", description:"This content-based language course, taught in French, introduces economic, business and professional terminology through the study of the following topics: financial institutions (banking, stock market and insurance); business practices (business letters and resumes); trade and advertising; the internal structure and legal forms of French companies. The course also emphasizes verbal communication through three components: 1) In-class activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions and debates. 2) The study of authentic materials such as newspapers and magazines' articles, video clips, and radio shows. 3) A series of students' presentations. 

Finally, in order to use and practice the new economic and business terminology studied in this course, and to also further explore the structure, the management, and the operations of the French companies, students will work in pairs on a research project about a major French company of their choice. 

One of the other goals of this course is to also prepare the students to take one of the exams offered by the Paris Chamber of Commerce and Industry: the Diplome de Francais Professionnel, Affaires, C1. This exam will be held on campus in April.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ZULU II", number:"null", id:"38065", path:"/courses/38065", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BASIC PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE II", number:"null", id:"41869", path:"/courses/41869", description:"This course provides students the opportunity to integrate theory and principles into practice within the clinical setting. Scope of practice, role development, ethical and cultural considerations and anesthetic interventions will be introduced and explored in the classroom and simulation suite. The student will transition to the surgical suite to begin clinical fieldwork, where they will progress from the care of healthy patients undergoing minimallyinvasive surgical procedures to the more complex patients with multiple health issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO ELECTROMECH PROT", number:"null", id:"39927", path:"/courses/39927", description:"This is a project-centric course for ESE majors to engage in circuit layout and prototype design skills. Students will work in teams to develop printed circuit boards using industry standard tools like Altium and learn mechanical prototyping skills using Solidworks . Emphasis will be on developing sound printed circuit board layout practices using circuitry knowledge that they acquire in ESE 215 and ESE 370. A module on using Cypress PSoC will introduce students to recent developments in analog/digital co-design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECON & FINCING-HLTHCR DL", number:"null", id:"35886", path:"/courses/35886", description:"The course provides an application of economic models to demand, supply, and their interaction in the medical economy. Influences on demand, especially health status, insurance coverage, and income will be analyzed. Physician decisions on the pricing and form of their own services, and on the advice they offer about other services, will be considered. Competition in medical care markets, especially for hospital services, will be studied. Special emphasis will be placed on government as demander of medical care services. Changes in Medicare and regulation of managed care are among the public policy issues to be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF MODERN PHILOS", number:"null", id:"43320", path:"/courses/43320", description:"This course is an introduction to a few central themes in philosophy in the 17th and 18th centuries, and to some of the crucial thinkers who addressed those themes. Topics to be covered may include, among others, the nature of the human being (including the human mind), the relationship between God and the created world, the nature of freedom, and the relations among natural sciences, philosophy and theology in this rich period of human history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MODELS", number:"null", id:"37125", path:"/courses/37125", description:"This first course in decision models will introduce students to quantitative models for decision making, using optimization and monte-carlo simulation. Examples will be drawn from manufacturing, finance, logistics and supply chain management. Students will use EXCEL and @Risk to build and analyze models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREAT.NON-FICTION WRIT", number:"null", id:"35650", path:"/courses/35650", description:"A workshop course in the writing of expository prose. Assignments include informal as well as formal essays, covering such topics as autobiography, family history, review, interview, analysis of advertising and popular culture, travel, work, and satire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"37677", path:"/courses/37677", description:"Assessment and treatment of the young child in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this developmentally organized course. This course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with the most common health problems, including acute episodic illness as well as stable chronic disease. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, the maturational tasks and problems of children and their families in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOSCALE SCIENCE & ENG", number:"null", id:"41368", path:"/courses/41368", description:"Overview of existing device and manufacturing technologies in microelectronics, optoelectronics, magnetic storage, Microsystems, and biotechnology. Overview of near- and long-term challenges facing those fields. Near- and long-term prospects of nanoscience and related technologies for the evolutionary sustension of current approaches, and for the development of revolutionary designs and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING HUMAN", number:"null", id:"40923", path:"/courses/40923", description:"Human evolutionary studies is a composite product of the fieldwork of both Paleolithic archaeology and human paleontology (or what we refer to as 'stones and bones'). This marriage of two subdisciplines of anthropology produces a unique set of data that is intellectually managed and driven by theories within anthropology as a whole and even beyond -- to fields such as biology, psychology, and primate ethology, as we try to understand the origins of language, culture, and our unique physical characteristics. In this course, we will jointly discuss and debate the actual evidence of human evolution, describing what the actual evidence is and exploring how far can we take these interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40607", path:"/courses/40607", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING SKILLS REFRESHER", number:"null", id:"37638", path:"/courses/37638", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISE&FALL OF SPANISH EMP", number:"null", id:"40128", path:"/courses/40128", description:"This course will provide students with a solid knowledge of the history of early modern Spain (1450-1700). Through readings of primary and secondary texts that offer a complex vision of the cultural, religious, intellectual, and economic contexts and processes, students will be able to appreciate the intricacies of Spain's historical evolution. The course focuses on the rise and decline of the Spanish monarchy: the conditions that enabled Spain to become the most powerful monarchy in early modern times, and the conditions that led to its decline. This course also touches upon other important aspects critical to understanding early modern Spain: relationships among Christians, Muslims, and Jews in the Iberian Peninsula; the conquest and colonization of the New World; and early modern debates about Spain's rights to occupy America and the so-called 'destruction of the Indies.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MAKING", number:"null", id:"38431", path:"/courses/38431", description:"This course will show how individuals make decisions in a world full of uncertainties, both normatively and descriptively. This theory will help us build skills in understanding and analyzing a choice problem with uncertainty in a systematic fashion, as well as deepening our understanding of the fundamental concept of a utility function, which plays a critical role in economic modeling. The course requires a substantial ability of abstract thinking. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN LANG. & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38063", path:"/courses/38063", description:"The aim of the course is to provide a general perspective on African languages and African linguistics. No background in linguistics is necessary. Students will be introduced to theoretical linguistics-its concepts, theories, ways of argumentation, data collection, data analysis, and data interpretation. The focus will be on the languages and linguistics of Africa to provide you with the knowledge and skills required to handle the language and language-related issues typical of African conditions. We will cover topics related to formal linguistics (phonology/phonetics, morphology, syntax, and semantics), aspects of pragmatics as well as the general socio-linguistic character of African countries. We will also cover language in context, language and culture, borrowing, multilingualism, and cross-cultural communication in Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ORGANIZING: HIST & THEORY", number:"null", id:"38010", path:"/courses/38010", description:"This course will integrate the history and theories of community organizing in order to provide each student with the foundation to develop a transformational praxis for creating change in their own communities. The class will include a focused analysis of theory, a historical examination of community organizing in the labor movement, the civil rights movement and the disability rights movement, case study reviews, guest speaker presentations and practical organizing skill-building. We will examine social inequality and intersectionality and explore effective strategies in organizing for social change. This course is inter-disciplinary and draws from political economy, sociology, history, social work, and social movement theory. Students will have the option of doing a final project in collaboration with a Philadelphia-based community organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS: GRK & RMN HIST", number:"null", id:"39505", path:"/courses/39505", description:"The neat, comforting narratives that we construct of the histories of ancient Greece and Rome cover up a collection of controversies and debates that continue to rage in contemporary scholarship. Can we use the Homeric epics as sources of early Greek history? Who was responsible for the Peloponnesian War? How can we best explain Rome's acquisition of empire? How new was the political revolution of Augustus? What were the main reasons for the rise of Christianity? In this course, we explore these and other controversies, focusing on both modern scholarship and the ancient sources. All texts will be discussed in translation. No prior knowledge of Ancient History is required, although it would be useful to have taken ANCH 026 and/or ANCH 027.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED JAPANESE III", number:"null", id:"40189", path:"/courses/40189", description:"This course is a continuation of Japanese language at the upper intermediate level, and authentic reading/listening materials are introduced besides the textbooks. Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (L.1 - L.7 , Basic Kanji Book II (L.37 - L.45), Kanji: reproduction-approx500/recognitio-approx.550", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"40605", path:"/courses/40605", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO OPTIMIZ THEORY", number:"null", id:"37142", path:"/courses/37142", description:"The course provides a detailed inroduction to linear and nonlinear optimization analysis as well as integer optimization analysis. It discusses methods for the mathematical formulation of linear programming (LP) integer programming (IP) and nonlinear programming (NLP) problems, as well as methods of computational tools used for their solutions. In discussions surrounding the solutions to LP problems, the Simplex method and the Revised Simplex methods are covered in a fairly rigorous fashion along with the LINDO computational computer package. Sensitivity analysis associated with the optimal solutions to LP problems is also discussed in detail using both geometric and algebraic methods. In discussions surrounding the solutions to IP problems, the course covers: (a) branch and bound, (b) enumeration and (c) cutting-plane methods, and these are applied to numerous classic problems in IP. In discussions surrounding the solutions to NLP problems, the course covers methods involving: (a) differential Calculus, (b) steepest ascent and decent and (c) Lagrange Multipliers. The Kuhn-Tucker Conditions are also presented and applied to problems in Quadratic Programming. Many examples are selected from a broad range of engineering and business problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS II", number:"null", id:"44465", path:"/courses/44465", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects useful in the analysis of information and computation: logic, set theory, theory of computation, number theory, probability, and basic cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The New African Diaspora: African Immigrant Lives in West Philadelphia", number:"null", id:"42964", path:"/courses/42964", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR MODERN HEBREW IV", number:"null", id:"44297", path:"/courses/44297", description:"This course constitutes the final semester of Intermediate Modern Hebrew. Hence, one of the main goals of the course is to prepare the students for the proficiency exam in Hebrew. Emphasis will be placed on grammar skills and ability to read literary texts. Open to all students who have completed three semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Mediterranean Archaeology", number:"null", id:"41173", path:"/courses/41173", description:"The cultures of Greece and Rome, what we call classical antiquity, span over a thousand years of multicultural achievement in the Mediterranean. This course tells the story of what it was like to live in the complex societies of ancient Greece and Rome. This story is told principally using the art, architecture, pottery and coins produced by these societies. We will examine both the bold and sexy, and the small and humble, from the Parthenon to wooden huts, from the Aphrodite of Knidos to the bones of a fisherman named Peter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP I", number:"null", id:"44004", path:"/courses/44004", description:"Engineers and scientists create and lead great companies, hiring managers when and where needed to help execute their vision. Designed expressly for students having a keen interest in technological innovation, this course investigates the roles of inventors and founders in successful technology ventures. Through case studies and guest speakers, we introduce the knowledge and skills needed to recognize and seize a high-tech entrepreneurial opportunity - be it a product or service - and then successfully launch a startup or spin-off company. The course studies key areas of intellectual property, its protection and strategic value; opportunity analysis and concept testing; shaping technology driven inventions into customer-driven products; constructing defensible competitive strategies; acquiring resources in the form of capital, people and strategic partners; and the founder's leadership role in an emerging high-tech company. Throughout the course emphasis is placed on decisions faced by founders, and on the sequential risks and determinants of success in the early growth phase of a technology venture. The course is designed for, but not restricted to, students of engineering and applied science and assumes no prior business education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE-CONTEMPORARY: Introduction to Western Art, 1400-Present", number:"null", id:"38134", path:"/courses/38134", description:"This course is an introduction to the visual arts including painting, sculpture, print culture, and new media such as photography, film, performance and installation art in Europe and the United States from 1400 to the present. It offers a broad historical overview of the key movements and artists of the period, as well as an investigation into the crucial themes and contexts that mark visual art production after the middle ages. Such themes include the secularization of art; the (gendered) role of the artist in society; the sites of art production and consumption such as the artist's studio, the royal courts and the art exhibition; the materials of art; the import of technology and science to art's making, content and distribution; the rise of art criticism; and the socio-political contexts of patronage and audience; among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF MODERN PHILOS", number:"null", id:"40518", path:"/courses/40518", description:"This course is an introduction to a few central themes in philosophy in the 17th and 18th centuries, and to some of the crucial thinkers who addressed those themes. Topics to be covered may include, among others, the nature of the human being (including the human mind), the relationship between God and the created world, the nature of freedom, and the relations among natural sciences, philosophy and theology in this rich period of human history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSYC: NEUROSCIENCE OF VIOLENCE", number:"null", id:"36655", path:"/courses/36655", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Psychology, the study of the human mind, its functions, and its behaviors. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35783", path:"/courses/35783", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLUID MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"37492", path:"/courses/37492", description:"Physical properties; fluid statics; Bernoulli equation; fluid kinematics; conservation laws and finite control-volume analysis; conservation laws and differential analysis; inviscid flow; The Navier-Stokes equation and some exact solutions; similitude, dimensional analysis, and modeling; flow in pipes and channels; boundary layer theory; lift and drag.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKET WOMEN & MADAMES: MARKET WOMEN, MADAMES, MISTRESSES AND MOTHER SUPERIOR", number:"null", id:"42290", path:"/courses/42290", description:"SPRING 2017: Market Women, Madames, Mistresses & Mother Superior studies gender, labor, sexuality, and race in the Caribbean. In our historical examination of primary source documents alongside literature, and popular media, we will question some of the iconic representations of Caribbean and Latin American women in order to understand the meaning, purpose and usages of these women s bodies as objects of praise, possession, obsession and/or ridicule by communities, governments and religions within and outside of the region. Beginning in the late-18th century and ending with contemporary migration narratives, this course considers the relationship between slave society and colonial pasts on gender performance in the modern Caribbean, Latin America, and their diasporas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOFABR & NANOCHARACTER", number:"null", id:"44139", path:"/courses/44139", description:"This course is intended for first year graduate students interested in the experimental practice of nanotechnology. In the context of a hands-on laboratory experience, students will gain familiarity with both top-down and bottom-up fabrication and characterization technologies. This will be achieved through the realization of a variety of micro- and nanoscale structures and devices that can exhibit either classical or quantum effects at the small scale. Although concepts relevant to the laboratories will be emphasized in lecture, it is expected that students will already have been exposed to many of the underlying theoretical concepts of nanotechnology in previous courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEAM LAB I", number:"null", id:"44483", path:"/courses/44483", description:"This is the second of a two-semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. The spring semester course follows closely with MEAM 203 and MEAM 211, expanding upon the principles of experimentation, measurement, analysis, and design of systems through hands-on laboratories and projects in thermodynamics and dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43292", path:"/courses/43292", description:"This course provides a broad-based introduction to the management of information technology focusing on three interrelated themes: technology, organization, and strategy. The goal of this course is to equip students with the knowledge and tools to utilize information systems to pursue a firm's strategic and organizational goals. The course has no prerequisites other than a general interest in the applications of information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR HONORS IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"42959", path:"/courses/42959", description:"Open to junior honors candidates in history. Introduction to the study and analysis of historical phenomena. Emphasis on theoretical approaches to historical knowledge, problems of methodology, and introduction to research design and strategy. Objective of this seminar is the development of honors thesis proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Hybrid Science: Nature, health, and society in Latin America", number:"null", id:"43560", path:"/courses/43560", description:"What role did science and medicine play in the creation and growth of the Spanish and Portuguese empires? And why was the creation of science and health institutions crucial to the revolutionary movements for independence in Latin America? This course examines science and medicine in Latin America by attending to the ways that knowledge of nature and health has been central to the political struggles of the countries in this region. A crucial dynamic shaping the history and culture of this region is the interplay between the healing practices and cosmologies of European settlers, indigenous Americans, and the descendants of African slaves. Bearing this interplay in mind, this course explores how Latin America has been a fertile site of scientific creativity. It also examines the ways in which Latin American scientists and medical experts have refashioned concepts and practices from Europe and North America to fit local circumstances.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU II", number:"null", id:"42293", path:"/courses/42293", description:"The Elementary Zulu II course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on South Africa, Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CITY", number:"null", id:"43588", path:"/courses/43588", description:"Urbs/Hist 210 will focus on Baltimore and use The Wire as one of its core texts. The course will explore the history and development of the city and its institutions, with a thematic focus on issues such as industrialization and deindustrialization; urban renewal and the role of universities; public education and youth; policing and the criminal justice system; drugs and underground markets; public housing and suburbanization; and Baltimore's so- called renaissance amidst persistent poverty. The seminar will include field trips both in Philadelphia and a concluding all-day trip to Baltimore.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN HIST OF PHIL: Topics in Early Modern Philosophy", number:"null", id:"40541", path:"/courses/40541", description:"Today Friedrich Schiller is primarily known for his dramas and poems. However, during a period of several years (after he was appointed professor of History in Jena) he was also concerned with philosophical issues. The focus was mainly on questions of aesthetics and philosophy of history. With regard to both, it was Kant who was extremely influential for the development of Schiller's philosophical position. But Schiller did not simply copy or rearrange Kantian ideas, in fact, he evolved Kantian philosophy significantly in numerous respects. And even though Schiller later gave up with his philosophical ambitions--in a letter he even dismissed his philosophical efforts altogether as immature--his specific understanding of Kantian philosophy became extremely iknfluential for the genesis of German idalism in general, but in particular shaped the reception of Kantian ideas by Hegel. In this seminar we will look at Schiller's most important philosophical writings and address both his conception of aesthetics and his approach to philosophy of history. The seminar and discussion are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CHILD IN THE CITY", number:"null", id:"40749", path:"/courses/40749", description:"This course examines the problem of the child in urban space in 19th and 20th century European and American discourses. This course does not propose to recover the subjective experience of the child but, rather, views the child as an object around which numerous adult anxieties connected to industrialization, urbanization, and modernity itself cohered. Discourses on public health, environmental pollution, sexuality, criminality, and racial degeneration all focused their attention, anxieties, and energies on how to deal with the unique vulnerability of the child in modern urban space. This interdisciplinary course focuses specifically on atmospheres, environments, and architectures in urban settings as diverse as Chicago, New York, Paris, and London. We will examine how the built environment was envisioned as part of a set of critical technologies for resolving the threat that urban space posed to the child. We will explore objects and envir as diverse as tenement babycages, war-time floating hospitals, open-air schools, adventu playgrounds in post-WWII London, car-less communities in Radburn, NJ, and American chil books about urban blight and renewal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & RELIG IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"42617", path:"/courses/42617", description:"This course examines gender in Chinese religious culture from ancient to contemporary times. We will explore topics including the Buddhist accommodation of Chinese family system, Chinese transformation of the bodhisattva Guanyin, female deities in Daoist and popular religious pantheons, writings about religious women, female ghosts and fox spirits in literary imagination and folk tales, and the significance of yin force in Chinese medicine and Daoist alchemy. Through the case of China, we will look at how gender plays critical and constitutive roles in religious traditions, and how religion can be used both to reinforce and to challenge gender norms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUTH AFRICAN MODERNISMS:  CITY, COUNTRY, WORLD", number:"null", id:"37099", path:"/courses/37099", description:"This course treats some aspect of literary and cultural politics in the 20th-Century with emphasis varying by instructor. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a complete description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"36952", path:"/courses/36952", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Python and Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43497", path:"/courses/43497", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY DUTCH II", number:"null", id:"38385", path:"/courses/38385", description:"Continuation of DTCH 101.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS OF HEALTH CARE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"36227", path:"/courses/36227", description:"The theoretical foundations of health care ethics including definitions of ethics, history of bioethics and nursing ethics, and the influence of religion,psychology of moral development and philosophy in the development of ethical theory. Nursing code of ethics, changing ideas in ethics, and discussion of the developing profession of nursing are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45302", path:"/courses/45302", description:"Sociology provides a unique way to look at human behavior and social interaction. Sociology is the systematic study of the groups and societies in which people live. In this introductory course, we analyze how social structures and cultures are created, maintained, and changed, and how they affect the lives of individuals. We will consider what theory and research can tell us about our social world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN AMER 1791-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"35911", path:"/courses/35911", description:"Surveys Latin American and Caribbean history from the Tupac Amaru Revolt to the present. We will examine the legacy of Spanish colonialism and slavery, movements for national and cultural independence, twentieth-century radicalism, and the politics of race in contemporary Latin America. Readings include fictional as well as analytical representations, and a film series will accompany the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR MODERN HEBREW IV", number:"null", id:"35900", path:"/courses/35900", description:"This course constitutes the final semester of Intermediate Modern Hebrew. Hence, one of the main goals of the course is to prepare the students for the proficiency exam in Hebrew. Emphasis will be placed on grammar skills and ability to read literary texts. Open to all students who have completed three semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42439", path:"/courses/42439", description:"Theories and mechanisms of evolution, with emphasis on the genetic basis of evolutionary change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GIS MAP PLAC & ANALY SPA: GIS MAPPING PLACES & ANALYZING SPACES", number:"null", id:"41337", path:"/courses/41337", description:"This course is a hands-on introduction to the concepts and capabilities of geographic information systems (GIS). Students will develop the skills necessary for carrying out basic GIS projects and for advanced GIS coursework. The class will focus on a broad range of functional and practical applications,ranging from environmental science and planning to land use history, social demography, and public health. By the end of the course, students will be ableto find, organize, map, and analyze data using both vector (i.e. drawing-based) and raster (i.e. image-based) GIS tools, while developing an appreciation for basic cartographic principles relating to map presentation.This course fulfillsthe spatial analysis requirement for ENVS and EASC Majors. Previous experiencein the use of GIS is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE METHODS II", number:"null", id:"36527", path:"/courses/36527", description:"As the second part of a two-semester sequence, this graduate course focuses on regression analysis as used in social science research. In particular, we discuss features and assumptions of linear regression and logistic regression models. We learn how to apply regression models to real social science data using Stata and how to interpret the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THIRD REICH", number:"null", id:"40145", path:"/courses/40145", description:"The meteoric rise of Hitler's NSDAP in Germany, the nature of Nazi rule, and the final collapse of the Third Reich. The first half of the semester analyzes the appeal of the NSDAP- who joined the party, who voted for it, and why. Nazi mobilization tactics, campaign strategy, and grass-roots techniques, the content of the party's social appeals. The second half of the course concentrates on the Nazis in power, their use of terror and propaganda, their ideological objective, everyday life in the Third Reich, the possibilities of resistance to the regime. Special attention will be devoted to Nazi Jewish policy and the step that led to the 'Final Solution' and the Holocaust.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ANC NEAR EAST", number:"null", id:"41812", path:"/courses/41812", description:"The great pyramids and mysterious mummies of Egypt, the fabled Tower of Babel, and the laws of the Babylonian king Hammurabi are some of the things that might come to mind when you think of the ancient Near East. Yet these are only a very few of the many fascinating -- and at time perplexing -- aspects of the civilizations that flourished there c. 3300-300 BCE. This is where writing first developed, where people thought that the gods wrote down what would happen in the future on the lungs and livers of sacrificed sheep, and where people knew how to determine the length of hypotenuse a thousand years before the Greek Pythagoras was born. During this course, we will learn more about these other matters and discover their place in the cultures and civilizations of that area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS MODERN ARABIC LIT: Palestine and Its Diaspora in Film and Literature", number:"null", id:"37613", path:"/courses/37613", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROFICIENCY II", number:"null", id:"44386", path:"/courses/44386", description:"This course is for students with an advanced-low or advanced-mid background in Japanese, aiming to strengthen the four language skills (speaking, reading, writing, and listening) and to deepen their understanding of Japanese culture. The class will use authentic Japanese through media, such as newspapers, television, and articles, regarding Japanese culture and society as well as current news. Students will narrate, describe, and express their opinions with details, examples, and strong reasoning, using sophisticated terms and phrases related such topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEACE COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"43958", path:"/courses/43958", description:"When 'me' and 'you' becomes 'us' and 'them', a suite of psychological processes are amplified or come online. In this course, we will examine the forces that drive people to engage in intergroup conflict through the lenses of evolutionary biology and psychology, and then examine the effectiveness of communications-based interventions at easing conflict. In the first part of the course, we will learn about the theoretical work on intergroup psychology; in the second part, we will examine the specific processes that drive conflict (e.g., stereotypes, prejudice, dehumanization) and how they are measured using both explicit self-report and implicit measures e.g., physiology, neuroimaging); in the third part, we will explore the interventions that have been demonstrated to work (and fail) to decrease intergroup conflict. No prior experience in psychology or neuroscience is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS AFRICAN-AMER LIT", number:"null", id:"37085", path:"/courses/37085", description:"In this advanced seminar, students will be introduced to a variety of approaches to African American literatures, and to a wide spectrum of methodologies and ideological postures (for example, The Black Arts Movement). The course will present an assortment of emphases, some of them focused on geography (for example, the Harlem Renaissance), others focused on genre (autobiography, poetry or drama), the politics of gender and class, or a particular grouping of authors. Previous versions of this course have included 'African American Autobiography,' 'Backgrounds of African American Literature,' 'The Black Narrative' (beginning with eighteenth century slave narratives and working toward contemporary literature), as well as seminars on urban spaces, jazz, migration, oral narratives, black Christianity, and African-American music. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAGIC IN THE BIBLE", number:"null", id:"43204", path:"/courses/43204", description:"The Bible prohibits magic and divination on several occasions. At the same time, however, modern commentators have repeatedly argued that many of the cultic regulations in the Bible could qualify as magical. Likewise, certain characters in the Bible, as for instance, Jacob, Josef, Moses, Elijah and Elisha carry out activities which may also fall under the rubric of magic. How can we reconcile the biblical prohibitions against magic with the scholarly view that certain regulations and narratives of the Bible seem to condone and even prescribe magical practices? In this course we will explore the manner in which the Bible differentiates between magic and religion. Various definitions of magic will be discussed and applied to the biblical text. In this context, we will take into account the cultural and historical diversity of the world described in the Bible. After having established that the understanding of magic and its relation to religion depends on the setting and genre of the biblical text, we will evaluate how biblical regulations concerning magic were received and implemented. This will be done by examining both extra-biblical writings and archaeological artifacts that correlate with the composition and canonization of the Bible. The critical interpretation and contextualization of amulets, spells and incantations in", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MXD SIGNAL DESGN & MODEL", number:"null", id:"39950", path:"/courses/39950", description:"This course will introduce design and analysis of mixed-signal integrated circuits. Topics include: Sampling and quantization, Sampling circuits, Switched capacitor circuits and filters, Comparators, Offset compensation, DACs/ADCs (flash, delta-sigma, pipeline, SAR), Oversampling, INL/DNL, FOM. The course will end with a final design project using analysis and design techniques learned in the course. Students must provide a written report with explanations to their design choices either with equations or simulation analysis/insight along with performance results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"36918", path:"/courses/36918", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RITUAL COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"35555", path:"/courses/35555", description:"This course explores the significance of rituals as communicative events in American culture. We will examine both the 'how' and the 'what' of ritual communication and, with the aid of several ritual theorists, we will come to better understand the unique language of ritual. We will pay particular attention to the ways in which rituals contribute to the making and re-making of social groups, be they religious, political, familial or institutional. And we will necessarily attend to the obverse: the ways in which rituals create and perpetuate boundaries between 'us' and 'them' and between 'appropriate' and 'deviant' social behavior. Starting with birth and ending with death, this course will focus largely on what are called 'lifecycle' rituals or 'rites de passage'. We will look at rituals that focus on individual transitions -- the quinceanera for example -- as well as those that mark transitions on a far larger scale such as presidential elections. We will explore rituals that unfold at the local level and are experienced 'up close' as well as those that most Americans experience only via the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDAMENTALS OF AI", number:"null", id:"35512", path:"/courses/35512", description:"Modern AI uses a collection of techniques from a number of fields in the design of intelligent systems: probability, statistics, logic, operations research, optimal control and economics, to name a few. This course covers basic modeling and algorithmic tools from these fields underlying current research and highlights their applications in computer vision, robotics, and natural language processing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVALUATING EVIDENCE", number:"null", id:"43611", path:"/courses/43611", description:"WH 150 provides an introduction to all stages of the research process for business topics. In the first third of the course, we discuss theory building, hypothesis development, and research design choices particularly in casual research. In the second third, we discuss data collection methods (e.g., surveys, experiments, case studies and fieldwork) and the use of archival databases. This part of the cours emphasizes the interplay between research design and sampling/data collection methods. In the final third of the course, we introduce data analysis and interpretation, including methods for converting raw data into measurable constructs suited to statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOCAL BIOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"38093", path:"/courses/38093", description:"This seminar explores anthropological perspectives on the interactions between biological and cultural systems. The goal of the seminar is to move beyond human experience as symbolic construction, and to understand how biology and pathology are expressed through and embedded in social relations and experience. We consider recent classificatory shifts in the sciences of human nature, the vexed dynamic between objectivity and uncertainty, and the ways in which scientific knowledge informs moral categories and social thought. Topics include the placebo response in sociosomatic medicine; the anthropology of the human life-span; biological anthropological perspectives on health and behavior; the uses of racial classification in medicine; eugenics, the new genetics; biotechnology in the context of epidemics and inequalities; and the role of anthropology in bioethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFORMATION DESIGN AND VISUALIZATION", number:"null", id:"38579", path:"/courses/38579", description:"Information Design and Visualization is an introductory course that explores the structures of information (text, numbers, images, sounds, video, etc.) and presents strategies for designing effective visual communication appropriate for various users and audiences. The course seeks to articulate a vocabulary of information visualization and find new design forms for an increasingly complex culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"41669", path:"/courses/41669", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS AND ENVIRONMENTS: INTERDISCIPLINARY HISTORY OF ARCHITECTURAL IDEAS", number:"null", id:"42354", path:"/courses/42354", description:"This seminar will discuss the emergence of 20th century environmentalist thought and practice through the lens of architectural, landscape, and urban practices and ideas. The course does not presuppose advanced knowledge in the histories of architecture, of science, or of environmentalism; rather, it will introduce students to a set of historical and intellectual frameworks broadly aware of and engaged in environmental challenges. The material covered will be relevant to those interested in architecture, art, and urban studies, and students in economics, engineering, political science, and the environmental sciences, as well as in the history of science, will find much to engage. In this sense, the course will also offer an interdisciplinary forum for inquiry and discussion around environmental issues as they are reflected in contemporary scholarly and professional practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Latin American Literature and Pop(ular) Culture", number:"null", id:"37942", path:"/courses/37942", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP: Making Sense of Music", number:"null", id:"36183", path:"/courses/36183", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIVING IN SCIENCE FICTION WORLD", number:"null", id:"42577", path:"/courses/42577", description:"This is a topics course. Please see the Comp Lit website for current semester's description: http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/Complit/", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STSC SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"44987", path:"/courses/44987", description:"This is a capstone seminar for STSC maors, and a required seminar for any STSC junior who wishes to write a senior thesis for honors in the major. It is designed to provide the tools necessary to undertake original research by guiding students through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or a completed research paper by the end of the term. Although each student will work on a different topic, the class will focus on general aspects of historical, and social scientific research and guide students through a close reading of key texts in science and technology studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38589", path:"/courses/38589", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, performance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"41401", path:"/courses/41401", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUS REL & HUM RES MGMT", number:"null", id:"36100", path:"/courses/36100", description:"The focus of Management 104 is the economic and institutional constraints on organizations in the formulation and implementation of human resources management policies and strategies in the United States and, as appropriate, internationally. The specific constraints discussed are labor markets (external and internal), labor laws (governing employment policies and employee relations), and labor unions (and the threat thereof). Particular attention is paid to the relationship of these constraints to the competitiveness of American enterprise in the global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSYC: MORALITY IN BABIES", number:"null", id:"45075", path:"/courses/45075", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Psychology, the study of the human mind, its functions, and its behaviors. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COSTUME", number:"null", id:"40758", path:"/courses/40758", description:"Costume history and design provides a framework for organized study and practice in this particular facet of theatre production. It is a one-semester course, scheduled to meet once a week for a three hour session.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARGUMENT STRUCTURE", number:"null", id:"44441", path:"/courses/44441", description:"This course explores the notion of argument in syntax and semantics. The theory of argument structure concerns how arguments are introduced syntactically, interpreted semantically, and marked morphologically. The study of argument structure plays a central role in linguistic theory in determining the division of labor between syntax, semantics, and the lexicon.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36832", path:"/courses/36832", description:"A view of how an animal embryo is specified to develop and differentiate into a wide spectrum of cell types, and how the spatial patterns and axes of embyros are determined. The course will focus on genetic and molecular approaches, but will also cover the comparative anatomy of developing embryos to the extent necessary to understand the conserved aspects of embryonic patterning. Special emphasis will be placed on organisms with particular advantages for the study of embryonic development: e.g., mouse, frog, zebrafish, and Drosophila. The first half of the course will cover cell fate restrictions, cloning animals using nuclear transfer, stem cell biology, formation of the embryonic axes in vertebrates and Drosophila, and patterning of the neural tube and mesodermal tissues. The second half of the course will focus on emerging ideas and findings in the field, with emphasis on analysis of original literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN KOREA", number:"null", id:"37317", path:"/courses/37317", description:"An examination of Korean society and culture in tumultuous transition, focusing on challenges for the Choson Dynasty and its reform effort, presures imperialism, impact of Japanese colonial rule, conflict between two rival regimes, South Korea's emergence as a major player in the international plitical economy, some salient features of the totalitarian North Korean regime, triumph of democracy, and Korea's place in the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN LIT TO 1810: MADNESS OF AMERICAN LIT", number:"null", id:"37098", path:"/courses/37098", description:"In this course we shall examine the ways various voices--Puritan, Indian, Black, Female, Enlightened, Democratic--intersect with each other and with the landscape of America to produce the early literature(s) of America. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a complete description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL HUMANITIES", number:"null", id:"38356", path:"/courses/38356", description:"Among the recent trends in the humanistic disciplines, 'Digital Humanities' has without any doubt been at the forefront in the past few years, but the fact remains that, beyond buzz-words such as data, metadata, text-mining or information extraction, few people know what exactly this label encompasses, and even fewer have tried to apply its methods and principles to their work. This course proposes a structured approach to some of the main tools used by digital humanists in real-life textbased projects; students will be introduced to XML and the TEI, to XSLT, to R (through the Stylo package) and to simple Python scripts (through NLTK, the Natural Language Tool Kit). All classes will be divided into two parts: a theoretical introduction and application exercises, and a hands on section. The corpora we will use together will be mostly literature texts, but students are welcome to bring their own research material, if they are exploitable with the tools we'll be learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN SCI-FI CINEMA", number:"null", id:"41116", path:"/courses/41116", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Cinema and Media Studies intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website <cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39124", path:"/courses/39124", description:"This course provides tools and methods for creating new products. The course is intended for students with a strong career interest in new product development , entrepreneurship, and/or technology development. The course follows an overall product design methodology, including the identification of customer needs, generation of product concepts, prototyping, and design-for-manufacturing. Weekly student assignments are focused on the design of a new product and culminate in the creation of a prototype. The course is open to juniors and seniors in SEAS or Wharton.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERDISCIPLINARY STUDIO: SITES OF CONVERGENCE AND HYBRIDITY", number:"null", id:"38578", path:"/courses/38578", description:"This course takes an experimental multimedia approach to investigating some of the boundaries in contemporary art making practices. Painting, photography, video, design and sculpture intersect, overlap, and converge in complicated ways. Projects will be designed to explore hybrid forms, collage, space/ installation, and color through a variety of strategic and conceptual proposals as students work towards unique ways of expanding their own work. Weekly readings, critiques, and presentations will be integrated with studio projects. This studio/seminar is appropriate for students at all levels and from all areas of Fine Arts and Design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OBESITY AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"44635", path:"/courses/44635", description:"This course will examine obesity from scientific, cultural, psychological, and economic perspectives. The complex matrix of factors that contribute to obesity and established treatment options will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN PSYCH LING: PSYCHOLINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"36436", path:"/courses/36436", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce", number:"null", id:"40343", path:"/courses/40343", description:"The effect of the Internet and related technologies on business and social institutions is more profound than that of any prior invention, including the printing press and the internal combustion engine. Furthermore, marketing plays a key role in shaping the modern consumption-led economies fueled by these technologies. MKTG 727 provides a research-based and framework-driven approach to understanding digital marketing and electronic commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHY: INTEGRATED TECHNIQUES AND STRATEGIES", number:"null", id:"35757", path:"/courses/35757", description:"This studio course seeks to broaden each student's skills by experimenting with a wide range of photographic media. Advanced analog, digital and experimental lens-based techniques will be covered, as well as larger camera formats to expand their vocabulary as image-makers. Emphasis will be on an integrated experience of the photographic medium and the development of a body of work that is both theoretically and historically informed. The course will be a means to view and discuss various strategies of important contemporary photographers. Focused assignments, readings, slide lectures and gallery visits will supplement each student's artistic practice and research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOTECH & BIOCHEM ENG", number:"null", id:"39648", path:"/courses/39648", description:"An overview of several important aspects of modern biotechnology from a chemical engineering perspective: DNA, enzymes, proteins, molecular genetics, genetic engineering, cell growth kinetics, bioreactors, transport processes, protein recovery and protein separations. Group projects include a MATLAB project and a pharmaceutical profile.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIXED MEDIA ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"35761", path:"/courses/35761", description:"Mixed Media Animation is a contemporary survey of stop-motion animation concepts and techniques. Students use digital SLR cameras, scanners and digital compositing software to produce works in hand-drawn animation, puppet and clay animation, sand animation, and multiplane collage animation. Screenings and discussions in the course introduce key historical examples of animation demonstrating how these techniques have been used in meaningful ways. Students then learn how to composite two or more of these methods with matte painting, computer animation or video.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS IN FIN REPORTIN", number:"null", id:"38048", path:"/courses/38048", description:"This intensive one-semester course focuses on how to extract and interpret information in financial statements. The course adopts a user perspective of accounting by illustrating several specific accounting issues in a decision context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL MOVEMENTS", number:"null", id:"37812", path:"/courses/37812", description:"Social movements and political protest have become some of the most effective tools for citizens and non-citizens to influence the political system. This course is designed to introduce students to the theoretical and methodological approaches taken in understanding these behaviors. Analyzing social movements that range from civil discontent to contentious political protest, the course will address a variety of questions: What is the origin of movement behavior and why do individuals turn to these actions in lieu of simply engaging in institutional modes of political action such as voting? What were the strategies of these movements? What are the political conditions that allow social movements to resonate with the American public? In addition to addressing these topics, this course surveys the policy successes of major social and political movements. From the Civil Rights and Women's Right Movement to the recent Tea Party movement and Hong Kong demonstrations over democracy, this course explores the various public policies that have resulted from citizens' protest actions. While state level and local level government responsiveness will be addressed, special attention will be given to how political protest influences public policy in all three branches of the federal government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"37714", path:"/courses/37714", description:"Conducting business in a networked economy invariably involves interplay with technology. The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of technology (what it can or cannot enable) and the business drivers of technology-related decisions in firms. We will be discussing some of the new and most disruptive technologies right now to stimulate thought on new applications for commerce and new ventures, as well as their implications to the tech industry as a whole. Topics include social media, online advertising, big data, and cloud computing. 

The course will take a layered approach (from network infrastructure) to data infrastructure to applications infrastructure, or direct enablers of commerce) to first, understanding and then, thinking about technology enablers. Network infrastructure layers include fundamentals of wired and wireless infrastructure technologies such as protocols for networking, broadband technologies - for last (DSL, Cable etc) and other miles (advances in optical networking) and digital cellular communications. Data infrastructure layers include usage tracking technologies, search technologies and data mining. Direct application layers include personalization technologies (CRM), design technologies for content and exchanges, software renting enablers, application service provision, agents and security mechanisms. Finally some emberging technology enablers (such as bluetooth, biometrics and virtual reality) are identified and discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40270", path:"/courses/40270", description:"Point set topology: metric spaces and topological spaces, compactness, connectedness, continuity, extension theorems, separation axioms, quotient spaces, topologies on function spaces, Tychonoff theorem. Fundamental groups and covering spaces, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37894", path:"/courses/37894", description:"We live in a country which places a premium on indivdual accomplishments. Hence, all of you worked extremely hard to get into Penn. Yet, social factors also have an impact on life chance. This class provides an oveview of how membership in social groups shapes the outcomes of individuals. We will look at a range of topics from the organizational factors which promoted racial inequality in Ferguson, Mo to the refusal of (mostly elite) parents to vaccinate their children. The experience of women and men in the labor market -- and the social factors that lead women to earn less than men -- is another interesting topic taken up in the course. Who gets ahead in America? Course requirements include a midterm, research paper (five to six pages), final and recitation activities. Students are not expected to have any previous knowledge of the topic. Welcome to the course!", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PORTRAITS SOV SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43457", path:"/courses/43457", description:"How can art and literature open a window on Russian lives lived over the course of the tumultuous twentieth century? This course adopts a unique approach to questions of cultural and social history. Each week-long unit is organized around a medium-length film, text or set of texts by some of the most important cultural figures of the era (novella, play, memoir, film, short stories) which opens up a single scene of social history: work, village, avant-garde, war, Gulag, and so on. Each cultural work is accompanied by a set of supplementary materials: historical readings, paintings, cultural-analytical readings, excerpts from other literary works, etc. We will read social history through culture and culture through history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AMERICAN HIST: BASEBALL& US HISTORY", number:"null", id:"35948", path:"/courses/35948", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT BOOKS OF JUDAISM", number:"null", id:"40396", path:"/courses/40396", description:"The Babylonian Talmud (Bavli), a product reflecting the collaborative effort of generations of sages, is the foundational legal and ethical document of rabbinic Judaism. Both the methods of interpreting this text --and their theoretical frameworks-have varied dramatically, evolving creatively throughout the generations. In the past century, theories of how to read the Talmud and hypotheses about its formation and redaction have opened up new avenues for understanding what the text says and, more importantly, how it works. Through in-depth examination of demonstrative legal passages, this course will contrast the insights generated by the major critical schools of the past century and with the interpretations of selected medieval scholars, the Rishonim. English translations will be provided alongside the original texts. Previous study of Talmud is helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"44816", path:"/courses/44816", description:"This course will present an in-depth examination of political, economic and social change in post-Soviet Russia within a historical context. After a brief discussion of contemporary problems in Russia, the first half of the course will delve into the rise of communism in 1917, the evolution of the Soviet regime, and the tensions between ideology and practice over the seventy years of communist rule up until 1985. The second part of the course will begin with an examination of the Gorbachev period and the competing interpretations of how the events between 1985 and 1991 may have contributed to the collapse of the Soviet Union. We will then proceed to make sense of the continuities and changes in politics, economics and society in contemporary Russia. Important topics will include the confrontations accompanying the adoption of a new constitution, the emergence of competing ideologies and parties, the struggle over economic privatization, the question of federalism and nationalism, social and political implicatons of economic reform, and prospects for Russia's future in the Putin and post-Putin era.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAND OF THE PHARAOHS", number:"null", id:"36195", path:"/courses/36195", description:"This course provides an introduction to the society, culture and history of ancient Egypt. The objective of the course is to provide an understanding of the characteristics of the civilization of ancient Egypt and how that ancient society succeeded as one of the most successful and long-lived civilizations in world history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN COG NEUROSCI: Neuroscience for Policymakers", number:"null", id:"44858", path:"/courses/44858", description:"Topics vary each semester. PSYC 449-301 (Gerstein) Neuroscience for Policymakers: This seminar will provide an overview of the neuroscience behind some of the most relevant issues in public health policy today.Why are clinical trials for Alzheimer's disease treatments so difficult to run and why do so many fail? How does the teenage brain make decisions and who should be considered an adult in court? What is implicit bias and why do we make snap decisions based on mental associations? If you could 'improve' your brain with devices or drugs, should you? We will examine the primary scientific literature as well as delve into lay articles about the science and policy surrounding each issue. A basic understanding of neuroscience and some comfort working with primary literature is assumed.//PSYC 449-302 (Epstein) Consciousness: Consciousness is our subjective experience of the world, including both perceptions and felt internal states. In this seminar, we will explore the the burgeoning scientific literature on the neural basis of consciousness. We will focus in particular on three topics: What are the neuralsystems underlying visual awareness? What are the mechanisms that control the progression of conscious contents to create our stream of thought? What is the relationship between consciousness and behavior?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The London Theatre Experience: Penn in London", number:"null", id:"45145", path:"/courses/45145", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"37335", path:"/courses/37335", description:"Topics in US History", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"37016", path:"/courses/37016", description:"The goal of this course is to teach students of engineering and applied science to be effective negotiators. It aims to improve the way these students communicate i virtually any human interaction. The course intends to improve the ability of engineers and other technology disciplines to gain more support more quickly for projects, researc product and services development, and marketing. For those wanting to be entrepreneurs o r intrapreneurs, the course is designed essentially to find the most value possible in starting up and running companies. Based on Professor Diamond's innovative and renowned model of negotiation, it is intended to assist those for whom technical expertise is not enough to persuade others, internally and externally, to provide resources, promotions and project approvals; or to resolve disputes, solve problems and gain more opportunities. 

Rejecting the 40-year-old notions of power, leverage and logic, the course focuses on persuasion by making better human connections, uncovering perceptions and emotions, and structuring agreements to be both collaborative and fair. This course is entrepreneurial in nature and can provide many times more value than traditional persuasion. The Getting More book has sold more than 1 million copies around the world and is also used by universities, corporations (Google), and U.S. Special Operations (SEALs, Green Berets, Special Forces, Marines) to save lives and reduce conflict. From the first day, students will do interactive cases based their own engineering-related problems and based on current problems in the news. There will be diagnostics enabling every student to assess his/her skill and improvements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ZULU II", number:"null", id:"42301", path:"/courses/42301", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"43030", path:"/courses/43030", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZATION & THE CITY", number:"null", id:"40788", path:"/courses/40788", description:"Over the past two decades, the public imagination has been gripped by the concept of globalization. Scholars, corporations, advertisers and government officials have latched onto this idea as a defining feature of our current era. These various constituencies use globalization not only to account for epochal shifts in our economy and society, but also to justify new types of business strategy and public policy. This course will examine three interlinked dimensions of globalization: Global economic processes (e.g. the transnational operations of multinational firms that have given rise to a new international division of labor); cultural globalization (e.g. the spread of American brands like Coca Cola, Nike and Hollywood films), and political globalization (e.g. the rise of supranational organizations like the IMF, World Bank and WTO that promote the idea of free markets).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SCREENWRITING", number:"null", id:"41118", path:"/courses/41118", description:"This is a workshop style course for students who have completed a screenwriting class, or have a draft of a screenplay they wish to improve or want to learn everything in one shot and are ready to do a lot of writing, and even more rewriting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPAN:AGE OF THE SAMURAI", number:"null", id:"38393", path:"/courses/38393", description:"Who (or what) where the samurai? What does it mean to say that Japan had an 'Age of the Samurai'? In popular imagination, pre-modern Japan has long been associated with its hereditary warrior class. Countless movies have explored the character and martial prowess of these men. Yet warriors constituted but a tiny portion of the societies they inhabited and ruled, and historians researching medieval Japan have turned their attentions to a great range of subjects and to other classes (elite and commoner alike). This class is designed to acquaint students with the complex and diverse centuries that have been called the 'Age of the Samurai'-roughly, the years between ca. 1110 and 1850. In the course of the semester, we will explore the central themes in the historiography of warrior society, while introducing some of the defining texts that have shaped our imagination of this age (from laws to epic poems, from codes of conduct to autobiographies).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATINA/O LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"39853", path:"/courses/39853", description:"A survey of cultural productions by Latinas/os (i.e. people of Latin American descent who have been raised in the U.S.) that usually will focus on the twentieth century, but might at times examine earlier periods instead. The course will take a culturally and historically informed approach to a wide range of novels, poems, plays, and films, and will sometimes include visual art and music. Writers and artists might include Am?rico Paredes, Piri Thomas, Cherr?e Moraga, Sandra Cisneros, Julia Alvarez, Junot D?az, Cristina Garc?a, El Teatro Campesino, John Leguizamo, Carmen Lomas Garza, the Hernandez Brothers, and Los Tigres del Norte.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOETHICS", number:"null", id:"42966", path:"/courses/42966", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the fundamental principles of bioethics and the many ethical issues that arise in the rapidly changing fields of biomedicine and the life sciences. The first half of the course will provide an overview of the standard philosophical principles of bioethics, using clinical case studies to help illustrate and work through these principles. In the second half of the course we will focus on recent biomedical topics that have engendered much public controversy including diagnostic genetics, reproductive technologies and prenatal screening, abortion, physician assisted suicide, human experiments, and end of life decision making. We will use the principles learned in the first half of the course to systematically think through these bioethical issues, many of which affect our everyday lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Sex and the Media in the Middle East", number:"null", id:"38695", path:"/courses/38695", description:"How do sex and gender become sites of cultural production, identity-formation, and contentious politics? This seminar engages these questions in the context of the 'Middle East' as a constructed geopolitical space for imperial politics and political intervention. The class is divided into three units. In the first unit, we engage feminist and queer theories to discuss the shifting meanings of 'sex' and 'gender' in transnational and postcolonial contexts. In the second unit we explore the contextual and shifting notions of 'private' and 'public' as they have been elaborated in political theory, feminist theory, and media studies. We also consider how different media technologies enable and constrain the performance and expression of gender and sexual identities. In the last unit, we examine the material and symbolic construction of sex and gender in the shadow of Orientalism, the War on Terror, Multiculturalism, and the recent Arab uprisings. In this unit, we consider how geopolitics are refracted in public controversies around issues like gay rights, female genital mutilation, the veil, and honor killing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR GENETICS OF NEUROLOGICAL DISEASE", number:"null", id:"36841", path:"/courses/36841", description:"This course will focus on the molecular basis of neurological diseases, exploring in detail key papers that cover topics including defining the disease genes, development of animal models that provide mechanistic insight, and seminal findings that reveal molecular understanding. Diseases covered will include neurological diseases of great focus today such as Alzheimer's, Fragile-X and autism, dementia, motor neuron degeneration, and microsatellite repeat expansion disorders. The course will provide a perspective from initial molecular determination through current status. Students will gain an understanding of how the molecular basis of a disease is discovered (from classical genetics to modern genomics) and how such diseases can be modeled in simple genetic systems for mechanistic insight. The course will be comprised of lectures with detailed analysis of primary literature and in-class activities. Grading will be based on class participation, exams, and written papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENT AND DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"42046", path:"/courses/42046", description:"Thinking, judgment, and personal and societal decision making, with emphasis on fallacies and biases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS CULTURAL STUDIES: CONTEMP EUROPEAN CINEMA", number:"null", id:"39884", path:"/courses/39884", description:"This course explores an aspect of cultural studies intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS INSR & EST PLNG", number:"null", id:"35371", path:"/courses/35371", description:"This course presents an analysis of overall private wealth management. This includes planning for disposition of closely-held business interests; the impact of income taxes and other transfer costs on business interests and other assets; integration of life insurance, disability insurance, medical benefits, and long-term care insurance in the financial plan; planning for concentrated asset (e.g., common stock) positions, diversification techniques, and asset allocation strategies; distribution of retirement assets; lifetime giving and estate planning; and analysis of current developments in the creation, conservation, and distribution of estates. Attention also is given to various executive compensation techniques (including restricted stock and stock options) and planning for various employee benefits. The course also covers sophisticated charitable giving techniques and methods for financing education expenses. Readings consist of textbook, case studies, and bulk pack articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM SPAN: ACCELERATED", number:"null", id:"37923", path:"/courses/37923", description:"Spanish 112 is an intensive course designed for students who have already satisfied the language requirement in another language and have not previously studied Spanish. By combining the curriculum of Spanish 110 and 120, Spanish 112 seeks to develop students' reading, writing, listening and speaking abilities while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities that focus on meaningful and accurate communication skills in the target language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"42490", path:"/courses/42490", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course can be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 or CHEM 243.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG PICTURES: MURAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"44152", path:"/courses/44152", description:"The history and practice of the contemporary mural movement couples step by step analysis of the process of designing with painting a mural. In addition students will learn to see mural art as a tool for social change. This course combines theory with practice. Students will design and paint a large outdoor mural in West Philadelphia in collaboration with Philadelphia high school students and community groups. The class is co-taught by Jane Golden, director of the Mural Arts Program in Philadelphia, and Shira Walinsky, a mural arts painter and founder of Southeast by Southeast project, a community center for Burmese refugees in South Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RE-READING THE HOLOCAUST", number:"null", id:"44323", path:"/courses/44323", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"35603", path:"/courses/35603", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR THE HIGH RISK NEONATE", number:"null", id:"44689", path:"/courses/44689", description:"This clinical course focuses on the care of the high risk infant within the context of the family unit. Clinical experiences provide students with opportunities to expand their skills in managing the care of infants, both acutely ill and growing neonates. Students continue their experiences with neonatal nurse practitioners to examine role issues of these individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF THE UNIVERSE", number:"null", id:"43753", path:"/courses/43753", description:"A general survey, designed for the non-major, of the facts and theories of the astronomical universe, from solar system, to stars, to galaxies and cosmology. Topics include planets, satellites, small objects in the solar system, and extraterrestrial life; stars, their evolution, and their final state as white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes; galaxies, quasars, large structures, background radiation, and big bang cosmology. Elementary algebra and geometry will be used. This course is not recommended for physical-science majors or engineering students. Engineering students receive no credit for this course. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERF&DES OF UAVS", number:"null", id:"41716", path:"/courses/41716", description:"This course covers the application of classical aircraft performance and design concepts to fixed-wing and rotary-wing Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). A survey of the latest developments in UAV technology will be used to motivate the development of quantitative mission requirements, such as payload, range, endurance, field length, and detectability. The implications of these requirements on vehicle configuration and sizing and will be revealed through application of the fundamentals of aerodynamics and propulsion systems. The course will also cover basic flight dynamics and control, including typical inner-loop feedback applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TWI II", number:"null", id:"38070", path:"/courses/38070", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"44474", path:"/courses/44474", description:"Continuation of Math 508. The Arzela-Ascoli theorem. Introduction to the topology of metric spaces with an emphasis on higher dimensional Euclidean spaces. The contraction mapping principle. Inverse and implicit function theorems. Rigorous treatment of higher dimensional differential calculus. Introduction to Fourier analysis and asymptotic methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS AMERICAN POETRY: POSTWAR AMERICAN POETRY", number:"null", id:"44088", path:"/courses/44088", description:"Sometimes limiting itself to the works of one or two authors, sometimes focusing on a particular theme such as 'American Poetry and Democratic Culture,' this course devotes itself to the study of twentieth-century Americanpoetry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FILIPINO LANG/CULTR", number:"null", id:"43677", path:"/courses/43677", description:"The Filipino Language and Culture is an advanced language and culture course offered to students who are in the upper immediate level of Filipino Language or those who had been certified to be proficient in Filipino language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT", number:"null", id:"45219", path:"/courses/45219", description:"This is a laboratory course designed to help beginning nursing students to develop competence in the process of physical assessment. Students engage in actual practice of physical assessment with fellow students as their 'patient' subject. A blending of instructor demonstration and supervision of physical examination practice sessions is used in the learning laboratory setting. Students prepare via self-learning activities with a variety of supplied resources (readings, videotapes, computer programs) and have the opportunity to refine their skill though faculty-supervised practice sessions. Procedural skills that correlate with the presentations of physiologic system assessment are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"36214", path:"/courses/36214", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHO GETS ELECTED AND WHY: THE SCIENCE OF POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42219", path:"/courses/42219", description:"What does it take to get elected to office? What are the key elements of a successful political campaign? What are the crucial issues guiding campaigns and elections in the U.S. at the beginning of the 21st century? This class will address the process and results of electoral politics at the local, state, and federal levels. Course participants will study the stages and strategies of running for public office and will discuss the various influences on getting elected, including: Campaign finance and fundraising, demographics, polling, the media, staffing, economics, and party organization. Each week we will be joined by guest speakers who are nationally recognized professionals, with expertise in different areas of the campaign and election process. Students will also analyze campaign case studies and the career of the instructor himself. Edward G. Rendell is the former Mayor of Philadelphia, former Chair of the Democratic National Committee, and former Governor of Pennsylvania.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44935", path:"/courses/44935", description:"This course will give the student an introduction to the sociological study of medicine. Medical sociology is a broad field, covering topics as diverse as the institution and profession of medicine, the practice of medical care, and the social factors that contribute to sickness and well-being. Although we will not explore everything, we will attempt to cover as much of the field as possible through four thematic units: (1) the organization and development of the profession of medicine, (2) the delivery of health-care, especially doctor-patient interaction, (3) the social and cultural factors that affect how illness is defined, and (4) the social causes of illness. The class will emphasize empirical research especially but not only quantitative research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECT GEOMTRY & TOPOLGY", number:"null", id:"44477", path:"/courses/44477", description:"Informal introduction to such subjects as homology and homotopy theory, classical differential geometry, dynamical systems, and knot theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Critical Debates in Global Human Rights", number:"null", id:"42898", path:"/courses/42898", description:"This is an advanced topics course, and the course description will vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEAD SEA SCROLLS", number:"null", id:"40634", path:"/courses/40634", description:"The discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls has revolutionized our knowledge of ancient Judaism in the centuries between the Torah and the Mishnah. This course explores the significance of these works for understanding the formation and early interpretation of the Hebrew Bible; the development of Jewish liturgy, law, 'science,' and 'magic'; the development of Jewish and Christian beliefs about the afterlife, end of time, and the messiah; and the history of Israel between the Maccabean Revolt to the first Jewish Revolt against Rome - as well as the shared background of Judaism and Christianity. Readings will include biblical commentaries, parabiblical literature, works about community life, predictions about the end of time, prayers and and poetry, halakhic discussions, and exorcistic incantations and horoscopes. We will also grapple with the challenges of correlating this literary with archaeological data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCE IN EUROPE", number:"null", id:"40834", path:"/courses/40834", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"41133", path:"/courses/41133", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSTAINABILITY AND THE URBAN NEIGHBORHOOD", number:"null", id:"40784", path:"/courses/40784", description:"This studio style class will follow the method of a traditional architecture and city planning studio, in that the learning will occur while students do a simulated project. A specific neighborhood in Philadelphia will be chosen and students will examine the neighborhood in detail, focusing on the different aspects that comprise the concept of sustainability. This will include issues of density, diversity of uses, transportation, livability, environmentally sustainable buildings, food accessibility, environmentally sustainable materials, and education. It will also look into issues related to social sustainability and social diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"42833", path:"/courses/42833", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF AMER LAW TO 1877", number:"null", id:"41554", path:"/courses/41554", description:"The course surveys the development of law in the U.S. to 1877, including such subjects as: the evolution of the legal profession, the transformation of English law during the American Revolution, the making and implementation of the Constitution, and issues concerning business and economic development, the law of slavery, the status of women, and civil rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMB ANAL & GRAPH THRY", number:"null", id:"36080", path:"/courses/36080", description:"Continuation of Math 580.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL INFERENCE", number:"null", id:"40729", path:"/courses/40729", description:"Graphical displays; one- and two-sample confidence intervals; one- and two-sample hypothesis tests; one- and two-way ANOVA; simple and multiple linear least-squares regression; nonlinear regression; variable selection; logistic regression; categorical data analysis; goodness-of-fit tests. A methodology course. This course does not have business applications but has significant overlap with STAT 101 and 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL NUTRITION: THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF WORLD HUNGER", number:"null", id:"39057", path:"/courses/39057", description:"A detailed consideration of the nature, consequences, and causes of hunger and undernutrition internationally. Approaches are explored to bringing about change, and to formulating and implementing policies and programs at international, national, and local levels, designed to alleviate hunger and under-nutrition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES METHODS/PRAC IN IR", number:"null", id:"40170", path:"/courses/40170", description:"International Relations is concerned with both theory and practice so we employ a range of analytical tools to examine actors and events in world politics. The purpose of this course is to introduce students to the various research methods utilized by students and scholars in the field of IR including: case studies, historical - comparative and archival research, survey research, interviewing techniques, simulations, quantitative and statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY YORUBA I", number:"null", id:"36680", path:"/courses/36680", description:"The Elementary Yoruba I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on Nigeria and the diaspora/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Yoruba. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content. 

Students will acquire the speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills at the mid-high novice level, based on the ACTFL scale. The mid-high novice level proficiency skills that the students will acquire constitute threshold capabilibilities of the second semester range of proficiency to prepare students for Elementary Yoruba II course materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REC ISSUE IN CRIT THEORY: PSYCHOANALYSIS/CRITICAL RACE", number:"null", id:"42719", path:"/courses/42719", description:"This course is a critical exploration of recent literary and cultural theory, usually focusing on one particular movement or school, such as phenomenology, psychoanalysis, the Frankfurt School, or deconstruction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"44259", path:"/courses/44259", description:"Designed for the beginning student with no previous knowledge of German. German 101, as the first course in the first-year series, focuses on the development of language competence in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in simple conversations about familiar things, know greetings and everyday expressions, they will be ble to count and tell time, and negate sentences in day-to-day contexts. Furthermore, students will be able to speak about events that happened in the immediate past and express plans for the future. In addition, students will have developed reading strategies that allow them to glean information from simple newspaper and magazine articles and short literary texts. Because cultural knowledge is one of the foci of German 101, students will learn much about practical life in Germany and will explore German-speaking cultures on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED PHYSIOLOGY FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA II", number:"null", id:"40464", path:"/courses/40464", description:"This course provides an in-depth analysis of the anatomy, physiology and pathophysiology of the hepatic, renal, nervous, hormonal, immunologic and hematological systems and related anesthesia implications. The focus of discussion will be on the special considerations when delivering anesthetic agents to patients. Emphasis will be placed on the assessment of the patient with common disorders of these systems. Nurse anesthesia care related to patients undergoing surgeries involving each system will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA PROSEMINAR: FAKE!", number:"null", id:"39564", path:"/courses/39564", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"42849", path:"/courses/42849", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING LIFE-THREATENING ILLNESS FROM A PALLIATIVE CARE PERSPECTIVE", number:"null", id:"39065", path:"/courses/39065", description:"This course uses an evidence-based approach towards systematic assessment and management of common symptoms and symptom clusters accompanying progressive, life-limiting illnesses within a framework of nationally recognized standards and guidelines for palliative and end-of-life care. Students are prepared to apply principles of palliative management to diverse patient populations across clinical settings including acute, primary, long-term, and community care. Refer to course syllabus or email course faculty for respective requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT I", number:"null", id:"41600", path:"/courses/41600", description:"This seminar will prepare students to plan, implement, and present their senior research project. Students will draw on the experience and insight they have gained in the course of their fieldwork or internship to develop defensible policy recommendations for their target audience. As such, the seminar will introduce students to the policy formation process as they develop the practical skills needed to formulate and produce actionable policy recommendations. Students will produce a formal report and will present their findings to relevant stakeholders at the conclusion of the Seminar. This class will ensure that students develop the skills necessary to undertake a substantive research project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YORUBA II", number:"null", id:"35254", path:"/courses/35254", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STAT FOR MGMT", number:"null", id:"37958", path:"/courses/37958", description:"Modern Data Mining: Statistics or Data Science has been evolving rapidly to keep up with the modern world. While classical multiple regression and logistic regression technique continue to be the major tools we go beyond to include methods built on top of linear models such as LASSO and Ridge regression. Contemporary methods such as KNN (K nearest neighbor), Random Forest, Support Vector Machines, Principal Component Analyses (PCA), the bootstrap and others are also covered. Text mining especially through PCA is another topic of the course. While learning all the techniques, we keep in mind that our goal is to tackle real problems. Not only do we go through a large collection of interesting, challenging real-life data sets but we also learn how to use the free, powerful software 'R' in connection with each of the methods exposed in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MACRO", number:"null", id:"39827", path:"/courses/39827", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. An examination of a market economy to provide an understanding of how the size and composition of national output are determined. Elements of monetary and fiscal policy, international trade, economic development, and comparative economic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT ROME", number:"null", id:"43678", path:"/courses/43678", description:"The Roman Empire was one of the few great world states-one that unified a large area around the Mediterranean Sea-an area never subsequently united as part of a single state. Whereas the great achievements of the Greeks were in the realm of ideas and concepts (democracy, philosophy, art, literature, drama) those of the Romans tended to be in the pragmatic spheres of ruling and controlling subject peoples and integrating them under the aegis of an imperial state. Conquest, warfare, administration, and law making were the great successes of the Roman state. We will look at this process from its inception and trace the formation of Rome's Mediterranean empire over the last three centuries BC; we shall then consider the social, economic and political consequences of this great achievement, especially the great political transition from the Republic (rule by the Senate) to the Principate (rule by emperors). We shall also consider limitations to Roman power and various types of challenges, military, cultural, and religious, to the hegemony of the Roman state. Finally, we shall try to understand the process of the development of a distinctive Roman culture from the emergence new forms of literature, like satire, to the gladiatorial arena as typical elements that contributed to a Roman social order.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"40706", path:"/courses/40706", description:"Spanish 130 is a first-semester intermediate-level language course that emphasizes the development of the four basic skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking skills) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in meaningful contexts. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense, and the development of writing skills at a paragraph level with transitions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRACTICUM: QUALITY IMPROVEMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"43269", path:"/courses/43269", description:"Building on coursework that provided a broad overview of the principles and tools of quality improvement and patient safety in healthcare, students will apply this knowledge through completion of a mentored quality improvement project in a healthcare organization. In collaboration with faculty and health organization preceptors, students will identify a quality improvement opportunity and develop specific project objectives including, but not limited to, the use of appropriate tools, identification of measureable aims and evaluation methods, sustainable recommendations for process improvement and a comprehensive report of findings and recommendations. This course is part of the Quality Improvement and Safety Processes in Healthcare Minor and should be completed by the student as the capstone course in that minor; students engage in 192 hours of on-site project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENOME SCIENCES AND GENOMIC MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"43825", path:"/courses/43825", description:"This course will be a focused study of genomes, genomic techniques, and how these approaches are and will be used in diagnosing and treating human disease. Topics will include genome sequencing, analysis of sequences and microarrays, and new techniques including high-throughput sequencing and reverse genetic analysis with a focus on genome-wide mutant collections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY AND THEORY OF ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"38302", path:"/courses/38302", description:"This topic course explores multiple and different aspects of Animation. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MACRO", number:"null", id:"41242", path:"/courses/41242", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. An examination of a market economy to provide an understanding of how the size and composition of national output are determined. Elements of monetary and fiscal policy, international trade, economic development, and comparative economic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"43313", path:"/courses/43313", description:"This is a course the builds on the basic Negotiation course. In this course, we explore a wide range of negotiation topics from crisis and hostage negotiations, to the role of emotions including anxiety, envy and anger in negotiations, to backlash effects for women in negotiations, and the role of alcohol in negotiations. We will survey many aspects of current negotiation research, discuss historic negotiation cases, and students will participate in role-play exercise. Many of the role play exercises will involve multi-party negotiations and afford opportunities to hone skills in team-based negotiations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSIBILITY IN BUS.", number:"null", id:"40838", path:"/courses/40838", description:"This course uses a professional services context to introduce students to important ethical and legal challenges they will face as leaders in such fields as financial services, health care, real estate, and consulting. However, the scope is not limited to these contexts and will be equally useful to students preparing for any managerial position that is likely to place them in advisory and/or agency roles owing duties to employers, clients, suppliers, and customers. Although coverage will vary depending on instructor, the focus of the course will be on developing skills in ethical and legal analyses that can assist managers as they make both individual-level and firm-level decisions about the responsible courses of action when duties, loyalties, rules, norms, and interests are in conflict. For example, the rules of insider trading may form the basis for lessons in some sections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37200", path:"/courses/37200", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide the framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLY RHEOLOGY & PROC", number:"null", id:"41071", path:"/courses/41071", description:"This course focuses on applications of rheology to polymer process technologies. It includes a general review of rheological concepts, including viscoelasticity and the influence of shear rate, temperature and pressure on polymer flow properties. The course covers the elementary processing steps common in various types of polymer manufacturing operations including handling of particulate solids, melting, pressurizing and pumping, mixing and devolatilization. Specific polymer processing operations including extrusion, injection molding, compression molding, fiber spinning and wire coating are covered. Emerging polymer processing applications in microelectronics, biomedical devices and recycling are also discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SIGNAL & INF PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"38517", path:"/courses/38517", description:"Introduction to signal and information processing (SIP). In SIP we discern patterns in data and extract the patterns from noise. Foundations of deterministic SIP in the form of frequency domain analysis, sampling, and linear filtering. Random signals and the modifications of deterministic tools that are necessary to deal with them. Multidimensional SIP where the goal is to analyze signals that are indexed by more than one parameter. Includes a hands-on lab component that implements SIP as standalone applications on modern mobile platforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YORUBA I", number:"null", id:"36687", path:"/courses/36687", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ANTH: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT &NGOS", number:"null", id:"38021", path:"/courses/38021", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Anthropology, the study of human societies and cultures. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY & CLINICAL DECISIONS IN ACUTE CARE", number:"null", id:"37695", path:"/courses/37695", description:"This fieldwork course focuses on development of a systematic approach to advanced physical assessment, the use of diagnostic technologies and the development of a diagnostic reasoning as it applies to patient management of the acutely ill and injured. Emphasis is placed on development of competence to perform a comprehensive history and decision making for the management of acutely ill patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATINO/AS AND THE LAW", number:"null", id:"41632", path:"/courses/41632", description:"Based in concepts and principles of Constitutional law, this course explores the interpretation and impact of seminal court cases in U.S. history as applied to Latino/as in the United States and abroad. With a particular focus on the 20th century, students will examine how court decisions have affected civil rights, immigration policies, welfare, political incorporation and identity and other important issues affecting Latino/as. Students will also explore additional themes including the status and treatment of Latinos in the criminal justice system, representation of Latino/as in the judiciary, and how Supreme Court decisions have also affected U.S. foreign policy with Latin America. Students will be introduced to a number of guest speakers who are academic experts and practioners in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP II", number:"null", id:"35594", path:"/courses/35594", description:"This course is the sequel to EAS 545 and focuses on the planning process for a new technology venture. Like its prerequisite, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. Whereas EAS 545 investigates the sequential stages of engineering entrepreneurship from the initial idea through the early growth phase of a startup company, EAS 546 provides hands-on experience in developing a business plan for such a venture. Working in teams, students prepare and present a comprehensive business plan for a high-tech opportunity. The course expands on topics from EAS 545 with more in-depth attention to: industry and marketplace analysis; competitive strategies related to high-tech product/service positioning, marketing, development and operations; and preparation of sound financial plans. Effective written and verbal presentation skills are emphasized throughout the course. Ultimately, each team presents its plan to a distinguished panel of recognized entrepreneurs, investors and advisors from the high-tech industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKET DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44026", path:"/courses/44026", description:"Markets increasingly use and create networks, both social and technological. Some examples: the complex trading networks that underlie modern financial markets and supply chains; social media platforms; dating apps. These profoundly affect the economy and society more broadly: financial interdependencies are critical in economic crises, while rumors on Twitter have come to play a central role in our politics. How can we make sense of these phenomena - as individuals, within companies, and as policymakers? This seminar teaches models from the economics and statistics of networks that are essential to the tast. Topics include the network origins of recessions, the diffusion of information and rumors, racial segregation, and matching markets. We emphasize how network models relate to key ideas from microeconomics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PERSIAN I", number:"null", id:"37731", path:"/courses/37731", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE DEVIL'S PACT LIT", number:"null", id:"35871", path:"/courses/35871", description:"For as long as we have been modern, the legend of the devil's pact has been thepreferred metaphor for the desire to surpass the limits of human knowledge and power at any cost. Starting with the sixteenth-century Faust Book, which recounts the story of a scholar, alchemist and necromancer who sold his soul to the devil, and extending to the present, this course offers students a chance to explore our enduring fascination with the forbidden.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Religion from Civil Rights to Black Lives Matter", number:"null", id:"40631", path:"/courses/40631", description:"Religious beliefs of Malcolm X and MLK formed their social action during the Civil Rights for African Americans. This seminar will explore the religious religious biographies of each leader, how religion shaped their public and private personas, and the transformative and transgressive role that religion played in the history of the Civil Rights movement in the United States and abroad. Students in this course will leave with a clearer understanding of religious beliefs of Christianity, The Nation of Islam, and Islam, as well as religiously based social activism. Other course emphases include the public and private roles of religion within the context of the shaping of ideas of freedom, democracy, and equality in the United States, the role of the 'Black church' in depicting messages of democracy and freedom, and religious oratory as exemplified through MLK and Malcolm X.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN REAL ESTATE ECON", number:"null", id:"43433", path:"/courses/43433", description:"Urban Real Estate Economics uses economic concepts to analyze real estate markets, values and trends. The course focuses on market dynamics in the U.S. and internationally, with an emphasis on how urban growth and local and federal government policies impact urban development and real estate pricing. A group development project gives hands on experience, and invited guest speakers bring industry knowledge. Besides the group project and presentation, problem sets are required along with a midterm and an optional second exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Geotechnical Science", number:"null", id:"40050", path:"/courses/40050", description:"Open to architectural and engineering majors as well as Ben Franklin Scholars. Field trips. Relations of rocks, rock structures, soils, ground water, and geologic agents to architectural, engineering, and land-use problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWAHILI II", number:"null", id:"35255", path:"/courses/35255", description:"At the end of the course students will be at Level 2 on the ILR (Interagency Language Roundtable) scale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARAB-ISRAELI CONFLICT THROUGH LIT AND FILM", number:"null", id:"42941", path:"/courses/42941", description:"This course will explore the origins, the history and, most importantly, the literary and cinematic art of the struggle that has endured for a century over the region that some call the Holy Land, some call Eretz Israel and others call Palestine. We will also consider religious motivations and interpretations that have inspired many involved in this conflict as well as the political consequences of world wars that contributed so greatly to the reconfiguration of the Middle East after the fall of the Ottoman Empire, and after the revelations of the Holocaust in Western Europe. While we will rely on a textbook for historical grounding. the most significant material we will use to learn this history will be films, novels, and short stories. Can the arts lead us to a different understanding of the lives lived through what seems like unending crisis?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLDG. HUM ASSETS: Building Human Assets", number:"null", id:"40850", path:"/courses/40850", description:"The success of entrepreneurial endeavors depends, even more so than in larger more bureaucratic organizations, on the ability to locate and manage talent effectively. Specifically, on the need to find the right people and keep them engaged in working on the organization's goals. We focus in this course on leading, building, and maintaining human assets in start-up and small, growing operations. The course is designed with several key components, these are: conceptual and practical readings relevant to the topic; case studies illustratng key concepts and issues; lecture on practical application and examples; and lastly every class will also feature a presentation by and conversation with an outside expert whose work is relevant to guiding or advising start-ups and fast-growing small firms. We will focus on the following objectives: identifying the talent needed to initiate and sustain an entrepreneurial endeavor; structuring human resource policies and corporate culture to prepare for and facilitate firm growth; assessing the human aspects of valuing entrepreneurial companies; and responding to conflict and organizational threats within nascent firms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OBESITY AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36226", path:"/courses/36226", description:"This course will examine obesity from scientific, cultural, psychological, and economic perspectives. The complex matrix of factors that contribute to obesity and established treatment options will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREAT.NON-FICTION WRIT", number:"null", id:"41297", path:"/courses/41297", description:"A workshop course in the writing of expository prose. Assignments include informal as well as formal essays, covering such topics as autobiography, family history, review, interview, analysis of advertising and popular culture, travel, work, and satire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37187", path:"/courses/37187", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory, the methods, and the concerns of corporate finance. The concepts developed in FNCE 100 form the foundation for all elective finance courses. The main topics include: 1) the time value of money and capital budgeting techniques; 2) uncertainty and the trade-off between risk and return; 3) security market efficiency; 4) optimal capital structure, and 5) dividend policy decisions. During the fall semester there are honors sections of FNCE 100 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"42168", path:"/courses/42168", description:"Continuation of STAT 101. A thorough treatment of multiple regression, model selection, analysis of variance, linear logistic regression; introduction to time series. Business applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL SIGNALING", number:"null", id:"41059", path:"/courses/41059", description:"The evolution of multicellularity required that cells be able to both send and receive signals from their neighbors. The development of organs and differentiation of cells and tissues requires reliable and continuous communication between cells. Consequences of inappropriate or anomalous signaling include development abnormalities and cancer. This class will examine mechanisms of cell-to-cell signaling between cells in plants and animals with an emphasis on the cell biology of development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHARTON FIELD CHALLENGE: BBTW/Community development (literacy classes)", number:"null", id:"37523", path:"/courses/37523", description:"http://fap.wharton.upenn.edu/353 Students Info.htm", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HLTH: ANTH PERSP", number:"null", id:"39524", path:"/courses/39524", description:"In some parts of the world spending on pharmaceuticals is astronomical. In others, people struggle for survival amid new and reemerging epidemics and have little or no access to basic or life-saving therapies. Treatments for infectious diseases that disproportionately affect the world's poor remain under-researched and global health disparities are increasing. This interdisciplinary seminar integrates perspectives from the social sciences and the biomedical sciences to explore 1) the development and global flows of medical technologies; 2) how the health of individuals and groups is affected by medical technologies, public policy, and the forces of globalization as each of these impacts local worlds. This course is a Benjamin Franklin Seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU: ACCL", number:"null", id:"35244", path:"/courses/35244", description:"The Accelerated Elementary Zulu course is intensive, and can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research onSouth Africa,Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"39985", path:"/courses/39985", description:"This rigorous pair of courses, one offered in the Fall and one offered in the Spring semester, are designed as the capstone of the Fine Arts major and are required for all graduating fine arts seniors. They can only be taken in the senior year. Students work in individual studio spaces provided by the department and then meet with faculty for seminar, critique, and professional practice exercises. Through individual and group critiques, students begin to conceptualize thier final thesis exhibition or project. The senior seminar allows students to create lasting professional relationships with the fine arts faculty and visiting lecturers. The fall semester culminates in a group exhibition of senior student work paired with final semester critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL INFERENCE", number:"null", id:"44967", path:"/courses/44967", description:"Graphical displays; one- and two-sample confidence intervals; one- and two-sample hypothesis tests; one- and two-way ANOVA; simple and multiple linear least-squares regression; nonlinear regression; variable selection; logistic regression; categorical data analysis; goodness-of-fit tests. A methodology course. This course does not have business applications but has significant overlap with STAT 101 and 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41048", path:"/courses/41048", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR HIST BEFORE 1800", number:"null", id:"38727", path:"/courses/38727", description:"Survey of major themes and issues in African history before 1800. Topics include: early civilizations, African kingdoms and empires, population movements, the spread of Islam,and the slave trade. Also, emphasis on how historians use archaeology, linguistics, and oral traditions to reconstruct Africa's early history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERM VIETNAMESE I", number:"null", id:"39500", path:"/courses/39500", description:"A continuation of ALAN 110, the written and spoken language of Vietnam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CITY OF ROME: FROM CONSTANTINE TO THE BORGIAS", number:"null", id:"41561", path:"/courses/41561", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37207", path:"/courses/37207", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 611. Some areas of financial management not covered in FNCE 611 are covered in FNCE 726. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning, and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 611 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 726. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURES OF SCIENCE&TECH", number:"null", id:"40933", path:"/courses/40933", description:"Science and technology figure centrally in the economic, political, and socio-cultural changes that impact our worlds. Happenings in the life sciences, including the discovery of new genes, pathways, and processes, are redrawing concepts of the body and human nature and refiguring social and political relations. The seminar starts from the premise that scientific facts are made, not things existing a priori in the world and that are merely picked up by researchers and consumed by lay audiences. Likewise, technologies are created through a process of intense negotiation between producers and their sophisticated users. Focusing on the biosciences, we explore the production of science and technology and how they 1)affect individuals, self-identities, subjectivity, kinship, and social relationships; 2)have interacted with or reinforced political programs, racial classifications, unequal access to knowledge, and patterns of social injustice; 3)inform contemporary institutional structures, strategies of governance, and practices of citizenship. We will combine methods and perspectives from social and cultural anthropology, and the social studies of science and technology, and will draw from historical case studies, contemporary ethnographies of science, scientific and medical journals,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"39596", path:"/courses/39596", description:"The purpose of this course is to examine the financing of governments in the urban economy. Topics to be covered include the causes and consequences of the urban fiscal crisis, the design of optimal tax and spending policies for local governments, funding of public infrastructures and the workings of the municipal bond market, privatization of government services, and public financial systems for emerging economies. Applications include analyses of recent fiscal crises, local services and taxes as important determinants of real estate prices, the infrastructure crisis, financing and the provision of public education, and fiscal constitutions for new democracies using South Africa as an example.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: CLASSICISM & LIT: Classical Epic and Medieval Romance", number:"null", id:"41179", path:"/courses/41179", description:"In this course on ancient and medieval epic we will track the literary compulsion to return to the Trojan War. The matter of Troy provided ancient and medieval writers with a rich resource for reflections on war and violence, on the power and vulnerability of states, on personal and communal suffering, and on how history is written. We will begin with the Homeric Iliad along with other ancient Greek uses of the Trojan myth; we will read Virgils refashioning of the Trojan story as the new beginnings of a triumphant Roman history; and then we will consider how medieval writers, including Geoffrey of Monmouth, Boccaccio, Chaucer, the Gawain-Poet, and Robert Henryson, shaped and contended with the myth of Troy. In the hands of late medieval writers, Troy becomes a literary site for the transformation of epic into the genre of romance. The course requirements will be: one ten-minute oral presentation on a research topic of your choice related to the reading, together with a short write-up of your research; one very short critical paper; and one longer research paper (which can develop the subject of your oral presentation).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"38162", path:"/courses/38162", description:"This course investigates the application of materials science and engineering to biomedical applications, with a focus on polymers, ceramics, and metals. The course will cover concepts related to basic material fabrication and synthesis, structure and property characterization, as well as applications of biomaterials. The lecture and recitation will be complemented with laboratory examples of material assessment and characterization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIBERATION & OWNERSHIP", number:"null", id:"38011", path:"/courses/38011", description:"Who is going to own what we all have a part of creating? The history of the Americas, and of all peoples everywhere, is an evolving answer to the question of ownership. Ownership is about: the ties that bind and those that separate; production, participation, and control; the creation of community and the imposition of hierarchies--racial, sexual, and others; dreams of possessing and the burdens of debt and ecological despoliation; dependency and the slave yearning to breathe free. Of all the issues relevant to democracy, oppression, injustice, and inequality, ownership is arguably the most important and least understood. Utilizing a variety of disciplinary perspectives--with a particular emphasis on radical and critical theories of liberation, and by focusing on particular global sites and processes of capitalism, students will assess and refine their views regarding ownership and liberation in light of their own social, political, religious, aesthetic, and ethical commitments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIAL PAST DIG WORLD", number:"null", id:"41174", path:"/courses/41174", description:"The material remains of the human past -objects and spaces- provide tangible evidence of past people's lives. Today's information technologies improve our ability to document, study, and present these materials. But what does it mean to deal with material evidence in a virtual context? In this class, students will learn basic digital methods for studying the past while working with objects, including those in the collections of the Penn Museum. This class will teach relational database design and 3D object modeling. As we learn about acquiring and managing data, we will gain valuable experience in the evaluation and use of digital tools. The digital humanities are a platform both for learning the basic digital literacy students need to succeed in today's world and for discussing the human consequences of these new technologies and data. We will discuss information technology's impact on the study and presentation of the past, including topics such as public participation in archaeological projects, educational technologies in museum galleries, and the issues raised by digitizing and disseminating historic texts and objects. Finally, we will touch on technology's role in the preservation of the past in today's turbulent world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CANTONESE I", number:"null", id:"36887", path:"/courses/36887", description:"Beginning Cantonese is a preliminary course for spoken Cantonese. The course provides fundamental aspects of the dialect as experienced in daily life situations and will enable students to communicate in Cantonese for daily life needs, such as making phone calls, making purchases, getting around by various means of transportation, seeing a doctor, being a guest or a host at dinner, talking about the weather, talking about sports and entertainment, etc. The course will be completed in two semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED INDONESIAN II", number:"null", id:"38077", path:"/courses/38077", description:"This course is designed to expand students writing and speaking competencies, to increase their vocabulary and to deepen grammar usage. Students will practice effective reading and listening strategies in Indonesian. The authentic Indonesian reading texts and videos give students opportunities to deepen their knowledge about cultural practices and historical moments in Indonesia. In class, students will have ample opportunities to practice speaking on a daily basis through partner and group work, discussion forums and oral presentations. The variety of communicative activities exposes students to rich input of spoken Indonesian and leads them from structured practice to free expression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS INSR & EST PLNG", number:"null", id:"39600", path:"/courses/39600", description:"This course presents an analysis of overall private wealth management. This includes planning for disposition of closely-held business interests; the impact of income taxes and other transfer costs on business interests and other assets; integration of life insurance, disability insurance, medical benefits, and long-term care insurance in the financial plan; planning for concentrated asset (e.g., common stock) positions, diversification techniques, and asset allocation strategies; distribution of retirement assets; lifetime giving and estate planning; and analysis of current developments in the creation, conservation, and distribution of estates. Attention also is given to various executive compensation techniques (including restricted stock and stock options) and planning for various employee benefits. The course also covers sophisticated charitable giving techniques and methods for financing education expenses. Readings consist of textbook, case studies, and bulk pack articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONUMENT, MEMORY, AND PLACE IN SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"43717", path:"/courses/43717", description:"Drawing on the archaeology and landscape history of South Asia, this seminar explores place-making and social geographies as they play out through a series of inter-related themes: situated history, embodiment, monumentality, social memory, and appropriation. We consider approaches to site, monument, and image as experienced and construed through audience, circumstance, and politics; and how these conditions both inform and transform the meaningful construction of place, commemoration, and heritage. This discussion sets the stage for a broader consideration of the politics of heritage in contemporary South Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CITIES,SUBURBS,REGIONS", number:"null", id:"45024", path:"/courses/45024", description:"This course will explore the political, economic, social, and demographic forces impacting development patterns in metropolitan areas, with a particular focus on Philadelphia. We will examine the government policies, economic forces, and social attitudes that affect the way a region grows, and the impact of these forces on poverty, equity and segregation. Specific topics to be discussed include the factors that make a region competitive, the city's changing role in the region, the impact place has on opportunity, and approaches to revitalizing and improving communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"43791", path:"/courses/43791", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"41854", path:"/courses/41854", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MNG STRAT PARTNERSHIPS: Managing Strategic Partnerships", number:"null", id:"40843", path:"/courses/40843", description:"This course explores the management of strategic partnerships between firms, which have surged in recent years in response to globalization, technological evolution, deregulation, shortened product life cycles, and intensified competition. Today's alliances drive corporate growth and change, and vary greatly in terms of partner type, commitment, equity investment, degree of control, between scale, and scope. They range from bilateral arrangements to ecosystems to outsourcing, often blurring traditional organizational boundaries and leading to the creation of globally distributed enterprises. In view of these contemporary developments, the objectives of the course are two-fold: (1) to arm you with a set of tools to facilitate the selection of an appropriate alliance strategy in a given situation; and, (2) to provide you with frameworks to help the initiate and implement different kinds of partnerships. The emphasis lies on strategic and organizational aspects in the formation and management of these transactions, rather than financial considerations. Alternative growth strategies to strategic alliances (e.g., acquisitions), the impact of these partnerships on competition within an industry, and regulatory constraints will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAPHIC DESIGN WITH CREATIVE TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"35753", path:"/courses/35753", description:"The aim of this course is to introduce students creative ways to use color, typography, and layout across new materials and media, ranging from print to physical objects. Students will explore visual design through a set of assignments and projects that are geared towards exploring the role of design in visual arts, interaction design, media design and architecture. The course introduces a number of design concepts such as content organization, navigation, interaction and data-driven design and show ways to develop new design metaphors, presentation techniques, and imagery using old and new technologies. course is structured as a combination of lectures and hands on workshops where students will have the chance to work both individually and collaboratively to realize their projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Business German: A Micro Perspective", number:"null", id:"38683", path:"/courses/38683", description:"This course is designed to enhance your speaking, reading and writing skills, in addition to helping you build a strong foundation in business vocabulary. Course objectives include acquiring skills in cross cultural communication, teamwork, business management, and creating a business plan. German grammar will be covered on a need be basis. This course will prepare you to perform and contribute while in a German-speaking business environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41719", path:"/courses/41719", description:"We all spend much of our lives in organizations. Most of us are born in organizations, educated in organizations, and work in organizations. Organizations emerge because individuals can't (or don't want to) accomplish their goals alone. Management is the art and science of helping individuals achieve their goals together. Managers in an organization determine where their organization is going and how it gets there. More formally, managers formulate strategies and implement those strategies. This course provides a framework for understanding the opportunities and challenges involved in formulating and implementing strategies by taking a 'system' view of organizations,which means that we examine multiple aspects of how managers address their environments, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people, and outputs, and how managerial decisions made in these various domains interrelate. The course will help you to understand and analyze how managers can formulate and implement strategies effectively. It will be particularly valuable if you are interested in management consulting, investment analysis, or entrepreneurship - but it will help you to better understand and be a more effective contributor to any organizations you join, whether they are large, established firms or startups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE/PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"35996", path:"/courses/35996", description:"An intermediate level course of Japanese language focusing on workplace-related topics. Intended for students who will use Japanese in the professions. Textbook: Powering Up Your Japanese Through Case Studies: Intermediate and Advanced Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN JESUS", number:"null", id:"36461", path:"/courses/36461", description:"Images and beliefs about Jesus have always been a compelling part of American life. This course seeks to examine the social, political, religious and artistic ways that Jesus has been appropriated and used in American life, making him a unique figure for exploring American religious life. Special attention will be given to how Jesus is used to shape social and political concerns, including race, gender, sexuality, and culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"37390", path:"/courses/37390", description:"Intended for students with little or no background in Japanese who wish to finish the language requirement in one year. (Equivalent to JPAN 011 + JPAN 012) Textbooks: Yookoso I and Basic Kanji Book I (L.1-L,10) Kanji: reproduction-approx.110/recognitio-approx.200", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: BREAST FEEDING & HUMAN LACTATION", number:"null", id:"41847", path:"/courses/41847", description:"Human milk is recognized universally as the optimal diet for newborn infants. The health benefits of breastfeeding are so significant that a National Health Objective set forth by the Surgeon General of the United States for the year 2010 is to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies in the postpartum period. Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course will provide an in depth examination of the anatomy and physiology of lactation, essential aspects of establishing and maintaining lactation, and the nurses' role in counseling the breastfeeding family. Emphasis will be placed on current research findings in the content area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR SPOKEN CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38276", path:"/courses/38276", description:"A continuation of CHIN001, This course is to help students develop their listening and speaking skills. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods, asking for directions. To achieve this goal, the class is to be conducted in Chinese as much as possible. Chinese characters will also be introduced, but will not be the focus of the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR CLASSICAL CHIN II", number:"null", id:"42615", path:"/courses/42615", description:"Continuation of CHIN491 EALC221/621, which is the only prerequisite for this course. Upon completion of Shadick, readings in a wide selection of texts with Chinese commentaries may be taken up. These readings are in part chosen to reflect student interest. This is the second half of a year-long course. Those who enroll must take both semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL ILLNESS", number:"null", id:"42135", path:"/courses/42135", description:"This course is designed to give a general overview of how sociologists study mental illness. We will be concerned with describing the contributions of sociological research and exploring how these contributions differ from those of psychology, psychiatry, and social work. This overview will be done in three parts: we will discuss (i) what 'mental illness' is, (ii) precisely how many Americans are mentally ill, (iii) how social factors (e.g. race, gender, class) and social arrangements (e.g. social networks) lead to mental illness, and (iv) how we as a society respond to and treat the mentally ill. Throughout the course, we will be concerned with uncovering the assumptions behind different definitions of mental health and exploring their political, social, and legal implications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CULTURAL ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"42317", path:"/courses/42317", description:"An introduction to the anthropological study of human social and cultural diversity throughout the world, with special emphasis on the development of the idea of culture as an analytical concept. The course includes sections on the ethnographic research method and on the library of ethnographic material relating to cultural change in different parts of the world that anthropology has produced since the 19th century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING THAI I", number:"null", id:"39498", path:"/courses/39498", description:"An introduction to the spoken and written Thai language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEIGHBORHOOD DISPLACEMENT & COMMUNITY POWER", number:"null", id:"39426", path:"/courses/39426", description:"This course uses the history of black displacement to examine community power and advocacy. It examines the methods of advocacy (e.g. case, class, and legislative) and political action through which community activists can influence social policy development and community and institutional change. The course also analyzes selected strategies and tactics of change and seeks to develop alternative roles in the group advocacy, lobbying, public education and public relations, electoral politics, coalition building, and legal and ethical dilemmas in political action. Case studies of neighborhood displacement serve as central means of examining course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JEWS & JUDAISM IN ANTQTY", number:"null", id:"37321", path:"/courses/37321", description:"A broad introduction to the history of Jewish civilization from its Biblical beginnings to the Middle Ages, with the main focus on the formative period of classical rabbinic Judaism and on the symbiotic relationship between Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"39326", path:"/courses/39326", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevanat to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEG COMP-AIDED DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38786", path:"/courses/38786", description:"The majority of today's engineered products move through an advanced computer-aided workflow which greatly speeds design and process time. This course will explore the fundamental components of this workflow through a combination of lectures, hands-on exercises, and a semester design project. General course topics include: fundamental design principles, project definition and needfinding, advanced computer-aided design, rapid prototyping techniques, computer-controlled machining, and an in-depth exploration of the modern analysis and simulation tools that have revolutionized the way in which products are designed. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD MUSICS & CULTURES", number:"null", id:"36181", path:"/courses/36181", description:"This course examines how we as consumers in the 'Western' world engage with musical difference largely through the products of the global entertainment industry. We examine music cultures in contact in a variety of ways-- particularly as traditions in transformation. Students gain an understanding of traditional music as live, meaningful person-to-person music making, by examining the music in its original site of production, and then considering its transformation once it is removed, and recontextualized in a variety of ways. The purpose of the course is to enable students to become informed and critical consumers of 'World Music' by telling a series of stories about particular recordings made with, or using the music of, peoples culturally and geographically distant from the US. Students come to understand that not all music downloads containing music from unfamiliar places are the same, and that particular recordings may be embedded in intriguing and controversial narratives of production and consumption. At the very least, students should emerge from the class with a clear understanding that the production, distribution, and consumption of world music is rarely a neutral process.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABOR ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42643", path:"/courses/42643", description:"Labor supply and labor demand, income distribution, labor market contracts and work incentives, human capital, labor market discrimination, job training and unemployment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF THE BOOK IN EAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"43745", path:"/courses/43745", description:"Spring 2018: From handscrolls to manga, books play a vital role in East Asian societies. In this course we will introduce the spread of book cultures across East Asia and reconsider the role and impact of material texts on societies in China, Korea, and Japan. Among the questions we ll engage are: What is a book, an author, or an edition? How do readers affect books? How do publishers decide when to use illustrations, woodblock printing, or movable type? How has the history of books differed in China, Japan, and Korea from the history of the book in the West? We will consider various media (bamboo, paper, silk, and the digital), formats (scrolls, folded books, bound books, small to oversize), and the tensions between handwritten manuscript and printed pages. Hands-on sessions may include paper-making, bookbinding, and printing. This is an Objects-Based Learning course, using materials from the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books and Manuscripts, and the Penn Museum, with visits to the Philadelphia Museum of Art and the Free Library of Philadelphia. Requires no knowledge of any Asian language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Topics in Luso-Brazilian Culture: Society and Visual Arts", number:"null", id:"36380", path:"/courses/36380", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see department's webpage: http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/portuguese/undergraduate/courses.html", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"39082", path:"/courses/39082", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of children in a variety of ambulatory settings. Opportunity to implement the role of nurse practitioner with children and their families in the community occurs under the guidance of faculty and experienced preceptors. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Collaborative, interdisciplinary practice is emphasized as students assess and manage common problems in consultation with an appropriate provider of care. 20 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor is arranged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INSECT EPIDEMIOLOGHY", number:"null", id:"35956", path:"/courses/35956", description:"Malaria, Dengue, Chagas disease, the Plague--some of the most deadly and widespread infectious diseases are carried by insects. The insects are also pernicious pests; bed bugs have returned from obscurity to wreak havoc on communities, invasive species decimate agricultural production, and wood borers are threatening forests across the United States. At the same time declines among the insects on which we depend--the honeybees and other pollinators--threaten our food security and ultimately the political stability of the US and other nations. We will study the areas where the insects and humans cross paths, and explore how our interactions with insects can be cause, consequence or symptom of much broader issues. This is not an entomology course but will cover a lot about bugs. Its not a traditional epidemiology course but will cover some fascinating epidemiological theory originally developed for the control of disease vectors. Its not a history cour but will cover past epidemics and infestations tha have changed the course of the history of cities a reversed advancing armies. Assignments will includ essays and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIVE AMERICAN LIT", number:"null", id:"37848", path:"/courses/37848", description:"From oral traditions to Youtube videos of Native American hip hop, this course surveys the diverse body of Native American literature through its many transformations across the centuries. The course will focus primarily on contemporary Native American literature, an era known as the Native American Renaissance. We will read literary works by Black Elk, Leslie Marmon Silko, Sherman Alexie, N. Scott Momaday, and others. The course will also include films such as Smoke Signals and Whale Rider.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY & CLINICAL DECISIONS IN ACUTE CARE", number:"null", id:"41902", path:"/courses/41902", description:"This fieldwork course focuses on development of a systematic approach to advanced physical assessment, the use of diagnostic technologies and the development of a diagnostic reasoning as it applies to patient management of the acutely ill and injured. Emphasis is placed on development of competence to perform a comprehensive history and decision making for the management of acutely ill patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ISLAMIC PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"43329", path:"/courses/43329", description:"This course will take the student thorugh the major topics of Indian philosophyby first introducing the fundamental concepts and terms that are necessary fo r a deeper understanding of themes that pervade the philosophical literature of India--arguments for and against the existence of God, for example the ontological status of external objects, the means of valid knowledge, standards of proof, the discourse on the aims of life. The readings will emphasize classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain philosophical articulations (from 700 B.E. E. to 16th century CE) but we will also supplement our study of these materials with contemporary or relatively recent philosophical writings to modern India.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEIGHBORHOOD DISPLACEMENT & COMMUNITY POWER", number:"null", id:"45033", path:"/courses/45033", description:"This course uses the history of black displacement to examine community power and advocacy. It examines the methods of advocacy (e.g. case, class, and legislative) and political action through which community activists can influence social policy development and community and institutional change. The course also analyzes selected strategies and tactics of change and seeks to develop alternative roles in the group advocacy, lobbying, public education and public relations, electoral politics, coalition building, and legal and ethical dilemmas in political action. Case studies of neighborhood displacement serve as central means of examining course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTH OF CORPORATIONS", number:"null", id:"42333", path:"/courses/42333", description:"Modern business corporations can be characterized as having their own internal cultures, more or less distinct from one another. They also exist within encompassing cultures and cultural flows. At the same time, corporations are producers and disseminators, and thus have effects on their surrounding environments, effects that extend from the local to the global. This course examines modern corporations from these three perspectives through theoretical and ethnographic readings, guest speakers from the corporate world, and independent research conducted by the students. Course requirements include student presentations of their research and readings; one or more take-home exams; and a final research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO I", number:"null", id:"35728", path:"/courses/35728", description:"This course provides students with the introductory skills and concepts related to producing short works that explore the language of the moving image. Students will learn the basics of cinematography and editing through a series of assignments designed to facilitate the use of the medium for artistic inquiry, cultural expression and narrative storytelling, through both individual and group projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"44737", path:"/courses/44737", description:"Negotiation is the art and science of creating good agreements. In this course we will work on both, studying economics and psychology for the science, and practicing actual negotiations for the art. Throughout we think of negotiation in general terms, relevant not only to salary negotiations and home buying, but performance evaluations, speeches, group collaborations and interpersonal relationships. We practice these kinds of negotiations in 2-, 3-, 4-, and 6-person exercises. Potential reasons to skip this particular negotiation course: 1) We have a strong attendance policy, 2) We have strong no-computers/phones policies, 3) the course is very discussion oriented, 4) We survey your work colleagues about your influence tactics, and 5) you have a short assignment due almost every class. Beginning with the second week of class, if you miss one class you lose a letter grade. If you miss two classes you fail. We have this policy because it is an experiential class, and because your attendance directly affects classmates you are paired with. For some weeks you can attend another section if necessary. Cross-listed with MGMT691 and LGST806.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BERLIN: HIST POL CULTURE", number:"null", id:"41507", path:"/courses/41507", description:"What do you know about Berlin's history, architecture, culture, and political life? The present course will offer a survey of the history of Prussia, beginning with the seventeenth century, and the unification of the small towns of Berlin and Koelln to establish a new capital for this country. It will tell the story of Berlin's rising political prominence in the eighteenth century, and its position as a center of the German and Jewish Enlightenment. It will follow Berlin's transformation into an industrial city in the nineteenth century, its rise to metropolis in the early twentieth century, its history during the Third Reich, and the post-war cold war period. The course will conclude its historical survey with a consideration of Berlin's position as a capital in reunified Germany. The historical survey will be supplemented by a study of Berlin's urban structure, its significant architecture from the eighteenth century (i.e. Schinkel) to the nineteenth (new worker's housing, garden suburbs) and twentieth centuries (Bauhaus, Speer designs, postwar rebuilding, GDR housing projects, post-unification building boom). In addition, we will read literary texts about the city, and consider the visual art and music created in and about Berlin, and focus on Berlin's Jewish history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS & POPULAR CULT.", number:"null", id:"41292", path:"/courses/41292", description:"A creative writing workshop that concentrates on various aspects of writing about artistic endeavor, including criticism, reviews, profiles, interviews and essays. For the purposes of this class, the arts will be interpreted broadly, and students are able -- and, in fact, encouraged -- to write about both the fine arts and popular culture, including music, theater, film, fashion, photography and television. Students will write on a weekly basis, and many assignments will be tailored to each student's individual interests and are likely to include reporting and research. Writing subjects can range from a local band to a museum, from a theater group to a comedian. Course offerings may inclue Writing about Music, Writing about Popular Culture, or other topics and themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN SOCI: NEW SOCIAL MOVEMENTS", number:"null", id:"43633", path:"/courses/43633", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ZULU I", number:"null", id:"40905", path:"/courses/40905", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Digital Archaeology", number:"null", id:"39761", path:"/courses/39761", description:"Digital methods allow archaeologists to approach research questions about the human past with increasing accuracies on larger datasets and at multiple scales. This class introduces students to the three main steps of digital archaeology: data management, analysis, and sharing. Data management involves the design, creation, and curation of digital objects that capture the archaeological process and evidence. Students will gain deep familiarity in working with the main types of digital archaeological data: structured data (relational databases), 3D models/spatial data, and raster images. The class will provide abundant hands-on experience with the latest equipment and software for working with many different kinds of data. We will learn about data analysis techniques through a close examination of a variety of case studies in the literature that demonstrate how other archaeologists have applied digital methods to their archaeological questions. Finally, we will discuss the importance of sharing data through open access data publication and we will apply our skills with structured data to existing online archaeological datasets. The goal of this class is to prepare students to make methodological decisions during future research endeavors, both in the field and in the archaeological lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN AND MNGL ACCT", number:"null", id:"36669", path:"/courses/36669", description:"This course provides an introduction to both financial and managerial accounting, and emphasizes the analysis and evaluation of accounting information as part of the managerial processes of planning, decision-making, and control. A large aspect of the course covers the fundamentals of financial accounting. The objective is to provide a basic overview of financial accounting, including basic accounting concepts and principles, as well as the structure of the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows. The course also introduces elements of managerial accounting and emphasizes the development and use of accounting information for internal decisions. Topics include cost behavior and analysis, product and service costing, and relevant costs for internal decision-making. This course is recommended for students who will be using accounting information for managing manufacturing and service operations, controlling costs, and making strategic decisions, as well as those going into general consulting or thinking of starting their own businesses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT POLIT THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"44812", path:"/courses/44812", description:"Through reading texts of Plato (Socrates), Aristotle, Augustine and Aquinas, the student encounters a range of political ideas deeply challenging to--and possibly corrosive of--today's dominant democratic liberalism. Can classical and medieval thinking offer insight into modern impasses in political morality? Is such ancient thinking plausible, useful, or dangerous?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH MDLNG APPL IN FNCE", number:"null", id:"39131", path:"/courses/39131", description:"Quantitative methods have become fundamental tools in the analysis and planning of financial operations. There are many reasons for this development: the emergence of a whole range of new complex financial instruments, innovations in securitization, the increased globalization of the financial markets, the proliferation of information technology and the rise of high-frequency traders, etc. In this course, models for hedging, asset allocation, and multi-period portfolio planning are developed, implemented, and tested. In addition, pricing models for options, bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and other derivatives are studied. The models typically require the tools of statistics, optimization, and/or simulation, and they are implemented in spreadsheets or a high-level modeling environment, MATLAB. This course is quantitative and will require extensive computer use. The course is intended for students who have strong interest in finance. The objective is to provide students the necessary practical tools they will require should they choose to join the financial services industry, particularly in roles such as: derivatives, quantitative trading, portfolio management, structuring, financial engineering, risk management, etc. Prospective students should be comfortable with quantitative methods", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"43941", path:"/courses/43941", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Postbac program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STORYTELLING IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"39487", path:"/courses/39487", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS & POPULAR CULT.", number:"null", id:"35645", path:"/courses/35645", description:"This is a workshop-oriented course that will concentrate on all aspects of writing about artistic endeavor, including criticism, reviews, profiles, interviews and essays. For the purposes of this class, the arts will be interpreted broadly, and students will be able -- and, in fact, encouraged -- to write about both the fine arts and popular culture. Students will be doing a great deal of writing throughout the course, but the main focus will be a 3000-word piece about an artist or arts organization in Philadelphia (or another location approved by the instructor) that will involve extensive reporting, interviews and research. Potential subjects can range from a local band to a museum, from a theater group to a comedian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TWI II", number:"null", id:"35253", path:"/courses/35253", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGENTS AND EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"38860", path:"/courses/38860", description:"The course surveys Evolutionary Game Theory and Agent-Based Models with special reference to language. We will develop systems for modeling various types of language change as well as the dynamics of linguistic micro-variation. Topics include semantic/pragmatic cycles in signaling, the maintenance of conventional meaning, and testing for selection in language change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: SPAN/LTAM CINEMA: LATIN AMERICAN FILM", number:"null", id:"36550", path:"/courses/36550", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. MOLEC. BIOL. LAB", number:"null", id:"39613", path:"/courses/39613", description:"An intensive introductory laboratory course emphasizing how molecular biology has revolutionized our understanding of cell and organism functions. BIOL 121 and 123 should be taken concurrently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, PHARMACOLOGY, AND THERAPEUTICS", number:"null", id:"36218", path:"/courses/36218", description:"Pathophysiologic concepts and processes are introduced with major emphasis on commonly occurring acute and chronic illnesses and their therapeutic interventions. Major classes of drugs that are used to support organ function are explored. The physiological and pathophysiological rationale for each drug indication, mechanisms of drug action, individualized dosing implications, and adverse drug events will be explored for prototypical agents used in the selected cases. The course will enhance the student's comprehension of the scientific complexity of therapeutic interventions in various conditions and will build upon the foundational sciences. Additionally the course will provide the student with sufficient scientific knowledge and skills to prepare administer and monitor drugs and therapies in a safe and effective manner.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYS, RES & TECH", number:"null", id:"37102", path:"/courses/37102", description:"The course will present a comprehensive overview of the global demand for energy, and the resource availability and technology used in its current and future supply. Through a personal energy audit, students will be made aware of the extensive role that energy plays in modern life, both directly, through electricity and transportation fuel, and indirectly in the manufacturing of goods they use. The course will cover how that energy is supplied, the anticipated global growth in energy demand, the resource availability and the role of science and technology in meeting that demand in a world concerned about climate change. The roles of conservation, improved efficiency and renewable energy in meeting future demand in a sustainable, environmentally benign way will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"43550", path:"/courses/43550", description:"This course will explore the emergence of modern science fiction as a genre, the ways it has reflected our evolving conceptions of ourselves and the universe, and its role as the mythology of modern technological civilization. We will discuss such characteristic themes as utopias, the explortion of space and time, biological engineering, superman, robots, aliens, and other worlds--and the differences between European and American treatment of these themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUSTICE, LAW & MORALITY: Philosophy and the Constitution", number:"null", id:"39160", path:"/courses/39160", description:"The course will focus on the philosophical background to the individual rights protected by the U.S. Constitution, including 1st Amendment freedoms of religion, expression, and associaton; the 14th amendment guarantee of Due Process and the rights of privacy, abortion, assisted suicide, and marriage; the Equal Protection clause and equal political rights and the legitimacy of affirmative action; and the Takings and Contract clauses and their bearing on rights of private property and economic freedoms. In addition to Supreme Court decisions on these issues, we will read works by political philosophers and constitutional theorists, including J.S. Mill, Ronald Dworkin, Cass Sunstein, Martha Nussbaum, Katherine MacKinnon and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44714", path:"/courses/44714", description:"This course provides a broad-based introduction to the management of information technology focusing on three interrelated themes: technology, organization, and strategy. The goal of this course is to equip students with the knowledge and tools to utilize information systems to pursue a firm's strategic and organizational goals. The course has no prerequisites other than a general interest in the applications of information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ASIAN AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"42939", path:"/courses/42939", description:"This course will provide an introduction to the history of Asian Pacific Americans, focusing on the wide diversity of migrant experiences, as well as the continuing legacies of Orientalism on American-born APA's. Issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality will also be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EGYPTIAN ART", number:"null", id:"38135", path:"/courses/38135", description:"The class is an introductory course to the art of Ancient Egypt from the Pre-Dynastic Period through to the end of the New Kingdom. We will look at and discuss architecture, sculpture, and painting. Egypt also had a strong tradition in the minor arts (such as jewelry making, stone vessels, amulets, etc), which is often neglected. As art and religion were intertwined in Egypt, the culture and religion will be discussed in relation to the art and architecture. The class will explore questions in regards to stylistic and iconographic changes through the millennia, and will set the monuments and objects within their proper historical context. The class will visit the Egyptian Collection at the University of Pennsylvania Museum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"37154", path:"/courses/37154", description:"This course is designed to develop visual awareness and perceptual acuity through the process of drawing. Students learn to sharpen perceptual skills through observational drawing, and to explore the expressive potential of drawing. A variety of problems and media will be presented in order to familiarize students with various methods of working and ways of communicating ideas visually. Subject matter will include object study, still life, interior and exterior space, self-portrait and the figure. Different techniques and materials (charcoal, graphite, ink, collage) are explored in order to understand the relationship between means, material and concept. Critical thinking skills are developed through frequent class critiques and through the presentation of and research into historical and contemporary precedent in drawing. 

If you need assistance registering for a closed section, please email the department at fnarug@design.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMICS OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"41251", path:"/courses/41251", description:"This course will use economic tools to explore decision making and allocation of resources within the family. The course will use both economic theory and econometric evidence to investigate these issues. The impact of gender roles and differences will be examined and the effect of these differences on economic decisions and outcomes both within and outside the family will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED ITAL: ACCLLRATD", number:"null", id:"44370", path:"/courses/44370", description:"Italian 134 is the intensive and accelerated course that combines in one semester the intermediate sequence (130 and 140). It will build on your existing skills in Italian, increase your confidence and your ability to read, write, speak and understand the language, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. The course will allow you to explore culturally relevant topics and to develop cross-cultural skills through the exploration of similarities and differences between your native culture and the Italian world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FROM OIL FIELDS TO SOCCER FIELDS: THE MIDDLE EAST IN THE 20TH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"44309", path:"/courses/44309", description:"How did the Middle East become modern? This seemingly simple question requires a complex appraisal of civic society. Life changed in spectacular ways for the denizens of the Middle East in the span of a century. Oil -- once considered a scarce natural commodity -- was discovered and exported in substantial quantities that altered the economic landscape of the region and the world. Movie theaters, sewage systems, and public housing projects changed the urban backdrop of Middle Eastern cities and towns. Soccer, swimming, and volleyball became some of the new-fangled sports embraced by Middle Eastern communities. This course will traverse these fascinating and fraught cultural transformations of the Middle East in the twentieth century. Although inclusive of the military battles and conflicts that have affected the region, this class will move beyond the cliches of war to show the range of issues and ideas with which intellectuals and communities grappled. The cultural politics and economic value of oil as well as the formation of a vibrant literary life will be among the topics covered. By considering illustrative cultural moments that shed light on the political history of the period, this course will develop a nuanced framework to approach the history of the U.S. involvement in the region, the Iran-Iraq war, the Arab/Israeli", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NATIVE AMERICAN AND INDIGENOUS STUDIES", number:"null", id:"35281", path:"/courses/35281", description:"This course offers a broad introduction to the linked fields of Native American Studies and Indigenous Studies. Students will gain foundational understandings of the ways that Indigenous peoples and academic researchers engage with Indigenous knowledges in diverse worldwide settings, while also exploring the impacts of settler colonialism and the influence of recent decolonizing methodologies. Students will examine topics from a variety of disciplinary traditions, using historical texts, anthropological studies, oral literature, and modern media. Special case studies will focus on: links between oral traditions and archaeological research; relations among archives, museum representation, and Indigenous heritage; legal interventions and protections for Indigenous sovereignty; and language restoration and cultural recovery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS & S0CIAL RESP", number:"null", id:"44403", path:"/courses/44403", description:"This course explores business responsibility from rival theoretical and managerial perspectives. Its focus includes theories of ethics and their application to case studies in business. Topics include moral issues in advertising and sales; hiring and promotion; financial management; corporate pollution; product safety; and decision-making across borders and cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP SOCIAL PSYC", number:"null", id:"36432", path:"/courses/36432", description:"Students will design, conduct, and report on an empirical question in social psychology. The research may involve experiments, content analysis, cross-cultural comparison, interviewing, observations, or other methods. Class discussions will help students formulate their projects and provide an opportunity for reports. Senior psych majors only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  NURSING PRACTICE AND HIV+ PATIENTS", number:"null", id:"41846", path:"/courses/41846", description:"This course is directed at the need to increase nursing majors knowledge and clinical expertice in the care of persons with HIV/AIDS. Hands on clinical practice with nurses who are AIDS experts will be combined with seminars that provide epidemiologic, clinical assessment, infection control, symptom management, patient teaching, psychosocial, ethical, cultural, political, and policy information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"40320", path:"/courses/40320", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems. The course uses a combination of cases, simulation and readings. The cases are drawn primarily from technology-based industries. Note, however, that the case disucssions are mainly based on strategic (not technical) issues. Hence, a technical backgrou is not required for fruitful participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"42393", path:"/courses/42393", description:"Lab-based course where students learn the fundamentals of medical device design through hands-on projects using microcontrollers. Students first learn basic design building blocks regularly employed in microcontroller-based medical devices, and then carry out a small design project using those building blocks. Projects are informed by reverse-engineering of competing products, FDA regulations, and marketplace considerations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT KOREAN MEDIA II", number:"null", id:"38815", path:"/courses/38815", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. As a continuation course of KORN 331, this course will focus more on cultural products and practices such as popular culture, media culture, education, entertainment, and culinary arts. By catering to the needs and interests of individual learners of Korean, the course will provide them with a rich opportunity to relate what they have learned in previous Korean language courses to the larger context of Korean culture and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"37737", path:"/courses/37737", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORECASTING METHODS MGMT", number:"null", id:"42179", path:"/courses/42179", description:"This course provides an introduction to the wide range of techniques available for statistical forecasting. Qualitative techniques, smoothing and decomposition of time series, regression, adaptive methods, autoregressive-moving average modeling, and ARCH and GARCH formulations will be surveyed. The emphasis will be on applications, rather than technical foundations and derivations. The techniques will be studied critically, with examination of their usefulness and limitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR ABNORMAL PSYCH", number:"null", id:"42056", path:"/courses/42056", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ASIAN AMER LIT: ASIAN AMERICAN PROFESSIONALS", number:"null", id:"38154", path:"/courses/38154", description:"Topics vary. Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS", number:"null", id:"36322", path:"/courses/36322", description:"Philosophy has aptly been described as 'the...attempt to tackle questions that come naturally to children, using methods that come naturally to lawyers.' In this course we will investigate some of these questions and work on developing some of the tools used by these methods. Our topical focus will be some of the main questions in moral philosophy. We'll consider questions from each main branch of contemporary moral philosophy. We will start by talkiing about issues in applied ethics. Applied ethics is concerned with analyzing the moral status of very specific types of acts. Applied ethicists are interested in questions such as 'Are we morally required to give to charity?', 'Is it ever morally p ermissible to have an abortion?', and 'Is it ever morally permissible to kill a non-combatant in wartime?'. We will use underlying disagreements about applied ethics to segue into a unit on normative ethics. Normative ethics is concerned with the general features of acts that make them right, wrong, good, or bad. Normative ethicists are interested in questions such as 'Are only the consequences of an action relevant for determining what's right and wrong?', 'Do people have moral rights?', 'What does it take for one's life to go best?', and 'What is virtue?'. We will use underlying disagreements about normative ethics to segue into our third and final unit,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL METHODOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42182", path:"/courses/42182", description:"This is a course that prepares 1st year PhD students in statistics for a research career. This is not an applied statistics course. Topics covered include: linear models and their high-dimensional geometry, statistical inference illustrated with linear models, diagnostics for linear models, bootstrap and permutation inference, principal component analysis, smoothing and cross-validation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION INTERNSHIP", number:"null", id:"45132", path:"/courses/45132", description:"Seminar for students concurrently participating in department-approved internships in communication-related organizations. Students will develop independent research agendas to investigate aspects of their internship experience or industry. Building on written field notes, assigned readings, and classroom discussion and evaluation, students will produce final papers using ethnographic methods to describe communications within their site or industry in order to understand and critically examine their hands-on experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGENTS AND EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"44443", path:"/courses/44443", description:"The course surveys Evolutionary Game Theory and Agent-Based Models with special reference to language. We will develop systems for modeling various types of language change as well as the dynamics of linguistic micro-variation. Topics include semantic/pragmatic cycles in signaling, the maintenance of conventional meaning, and testing for selection in language change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN CINEMA: ITALIAN ART CINEMA", number:"null", id:"41125", path:"/courses/41125", description:"This topic course explores multiple and different aspects of Italian Cinema. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFT MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"37572", path:"/courses/37572", description:"This course will serve as an introduction of soft condensed matter to students with background in chemistry, physics and engineering. It covers general aspects of fundamental interactions between soft materials with applications involving polymers, colloids, liquid crystals, amphiphiles, food and biomaterials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOV, CHG AND ENT", number:"null", id:"44527", path:"/courses/44527", description:"Designed for students with a serious interest in entrepreneurship, this course will provide you with an advanced theoretical foundation and a set of practicaltools for the management of startups and entrepreneurial teams in fast-changing and innovative environments. Building on the skills of Management 801, every class session is built around an experience where you have to put learning into practice, including the award-winning Looking Glass entrepreneurial simulation, role-playing exercises, and a variety of other games and simulations. The goal is to constantly challenge you to deal with entrepreneurial or innovative experiences, as you learn to navigate complex and changing environments on the fly, applying what you learned to a variety of scenarios. Management 802 is built to be challenging and will require a desire to deal with ambiguous and shifting circumstances.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"38574", path:"/courses/38574", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Asian-American Relations and The Asian American Experience", number:"null", id:"39570", path:"/courses/39570", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: CULTURE & PSYCHOANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"38489", path:"/courses/38489", description:"This course explores an aspect of Film Studies intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"42039", path:"/courses/42039", description:"How the individual acquires and is guided by knowledge about objects and events in their environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"42008", path:"/courses/42008", description:"Portuguese for the Professions is designed for advanced-level students to develop their ability to use a wide technical vocabulary. The course will cover an array of topics in the areas of Economy, Politics, Science, Technology, Law and others as they pertain to the societies and cultures of the Lusophone countries, with particular emphasis placed on Brazil. Through readings, movies, discussions, essays and presentations, students will enhance their ability to write about and discuss these topics while employing the appropriate technical vocabulary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NONPROFIT SECTOR: ECONOM", number:"null", id:"43780", path:"/courses/43780", description:"The nonprofit sector plays a key role in the provision of many goods and services which are fundamental in our society and which may be difficult to provide using market mechanisms alone. Education, health care, charitable services, and the arts are some primary examples of these. Nonprofit organizations operate in service of specific social missions rather than profit maximization, but in order to serve those missions effectively while ensuring their own survival, they must also make many of the decisions typically associated with private firms. That is, they must compete for funding, human resources, and consumers of their services, they must manage and invest their resources efficiently, and they must innovate new products and services over time. Importantly, the latter requirements may at times come in conflict with the organizations' social values. As a result, nonprofit organizations as economic decision-makers confront a number of unique challenges to their success and growth. The goal of this course is to give students a broad overview of the economic, organizational, and strategic concerns facing the non-profit sector. Our objective is to characterize the unique economic environment, identify effective strategic governance, and management approaches, and explore how appropriate measurement techniques can", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEENS AND SCREENS: UNDERSTANDING YOUTH MEDIA AND BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"38363", path:"/courses/38363", description:"Why do screen media and digital technologies captivate youth? In this course we address this question by examining the role media play in adolescent development and behavior. We begin by considering adolescence as a unique period of psychological and social development and discussing emerging adults as a special population. Next, we will explore how adolescents use and interact with media and how their media preferences are related to their developmental needs, with particular attention to social media use and media content targeted to, and popular with, adolescent audiences. Finally, we will investigate how media influence adolescent self-identity and behavior by reviewing media effects in areas of sex, violence, gender norms, and friendship quality. The strength of the evidence for media effects and its behavioral and policy implications will be presented and debated within each area of study. Relevant theoretical perspectives will inform these discussions. Throughout the semester students will critically reflect upon current empirical research while also spotlighting different media-TV shows, social media apps (e.g., Yik Yak) and social movements (e.g., #iammorethanadistraction).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN AMERICAN FILM", number:"null", id:"43528", path:"/courses/43528", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"44760", path:"/courses/44760", description:"This majors seminar will focus on contemporary works on liberalism, democracy, capitalism, and distributive justice. Questions to be discussed may include: Which rights and liberties are fundamental in a constitutional democracy? What is equality and what requirements does it impose? Are economic rights of property and freedom of contract equally important as personal liberties of speech, religion, and association? Does capitalism realize a just distribution of income and wealth? What is socialism and is it potentially just, or necessarily unjust? Readings from works by John Rawls, Robert Nozick, Milton Friedman, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREN LIT: INDIV/SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42852", path:"/courses/42852", description:"This basic course in literature provides an overview of French literature and acquaints students with major literary trends through the study of representative works from each period. Special emphasis is placed on close reading of texts in order to familiarize students with major authors and their characteristics and with methods of interpretation. Students are expected to take an active part in class discussion in French. French 232 has as its theme the Individual and Society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"44578", path:"/courses/44578", description:"Special instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance. They also must participate in a Music Department ensemble throughout the academic year, perform in public as a soloist at least once during the year (recital), perform a jury at the end of the spring semester, and attend and participate in masterclasses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Resiliency and Impact of Latin@Cultural Expressions in the US", number:"null", id:"36008", path:"/courses/36008", description:"This course takes a multi-disciplinary approach to the study of the resiliency and impact of Latin@ cultural and artistic contributions, esthetics, expressions and institution building int he United Stats from the Civil Rights Era to the present. We will explore how Latin@s arguculturally defining being 'American'; how their artistic expressions fit and influence the creativity and productivity of American and global Arts & Cultural expressions; and the Latin@ interactions of race, culture, society, economy and politics in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE FICTION & DRAMA", number:"null", id:"43985", path:"/courses/43985", description:"This course explores Romance of Three Kingdoms the most popular classica l novel in East Asia and an important source for understanding Chinese culture, politics, history, and military strategy. We propose to read this work not only as a textbook of Chinese literature and culture, but also as a guidebook for career development and risk assessment. Why didn't t Pangtong have a career as successful as Zhuge Liang? Why did Ma Su volunteer in a project that he is not good at? If Cao Cao, Liu Bei, Sun Quan run for presidency in the U.S., who would you vote for and why? These are some of the questions that we will explore alongside our inquiry into the the historical development of various genres of Chinese fiction. In addition to Romance of Three Kingdoms, this course introduces Sun Tsu's The Art of War and other classical Chinese novels such as Dream of the Red Chamber and Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio, as well as classical literary criticism such as Cao Pi's On the Standard of Literature (Dian lun), Lu Ji's Essays on Literature (Wen lun), and Liu Xie's The Literary Mind and the Carving of Dragons.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CHINESE CIVILIZ", number:"null", id:"39799", path:"/courses/39799", description:"Survey of the civilization of China from prehistoric times to 1912.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONALISM IN MID EAST", number:"null", id:"43205", path:"/courses/43205", description:"This seminar views the phenomenon of nationalism as it affected the modern Middle East in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Together we will consider the diverse components of nationalism, including religion, language, territorial loyalty, and ethnicity, and test the thesis that nations are 'imagined communities' built on 'invented traditions.' At the same time, we will examine other forms of communal identity that transcend national borders or flourish on more localized scales. This class approaches nationalism and communal identity as complex products of cultural, political, and social forces, and places Middle Eastern experiences within a global context. Students must take a survey of modern Middle Eastern history or politics before enrolling in this class. This class is intended for juniors, seniors, and graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"35982", path:"/courses/35982", description:"Italian 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that will allow you to function comfortably in an Italian-speaking environment. The course will build on your existing skills in Italian, increase your confidence and your ability to read, write, speak and understand the language, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary Italian and to review these on your own. The course will allow you to explore culturally relevant topics and to develop cross-cultural skills through the exploration of analogies and differences between your native culture and the Italian world. The course will move beyond stereotypical presentations of Italy and its people to concentrate on specific social issues together with cultural topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GNDR, DVLPMNT, EMPWRMNT: C.U. IN INDIA TOPICS: GENDER, DEVELOPMENT, AND EMPOWERMENT IN INDIA", number:"null", id:"39300", path:"/courses/39300", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India or South East Asia where students participate in 1) 28 classrom hours in the Fall term 2) a 12-day trip to India or South East Asia with the instructor during the winter break visiting key sites and conducting original research (sites vary) 3) 21 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) a research paper, due at the end of the Spring term. Course enrollment is limited to students admitted to the program. For more information and the program application go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH MDLNG APPL IN FNCE", number:"null", id:"44734", path:"/courses/44734", description:"Quantitative methods have become fundamental tools in the analysis and planning of financial operations. There are many reasons for this development: the emergence of a whole range of new complex financial instruments, innovations in securitization, the increased globalization of the financial markets, the proliferation of information technology and the rise of high-frequency traders, etc. In this course, models for hedging, asset allocation, and multi-period portfolio planning are developed, implemented, and tested. In addition, pricing models for options, bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and other derivatives are studied. The models typically require the tools of statistics, optimization, and/or simulation, and they are implemented in spreadsheets or a high-level modeling environment, MATLAB. This course is quantitative and will require extensive computer use. The course is intended for students who have strong interest in finance. The objective is to provide students the necessary practical tools they will require should they choose to join the financial services industry, particularly in roles such as: derivatives, quantitative trading, portfolio management, structuring, financial engineering, risk management, etc. Prospective students should be comfortable with quantitative methods", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE METHODS II", number:"null", id:"44940", path:"/courses/44940", description:"As the second part of a two-semester sequence, this graduate course focuses on regression analysis as used in social science research. In particular, we discuss features and assumptions of linear regression and logistic regression models. We learn how to apply regression models to real social science data using Stata and how to interpret the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"43869", path:"/courses/43869", description:"Theoretical and experimental aspects of important rate processes in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Quantitative Research Methods in Communication", number:"null", id:"36974", path:"/courses/36974", description:"This course is a general overview of the important components of social research. It presents a conceptual basis for assessing research quality based on the four types of validity, and also covers the standard elements of research design, including sampling, measurement, and causal inference. These concepts are then illustrated through reviews of four research areas: surveys and field studies, qualitative/ethnographic studies, content analysis, and policy/evaluation studies. The final part of the semester focuses more on descriptive and inferential statistics, measures of association for categorical and continuous variables, and the language of data analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WETLANDS", number:"null", id:"37122", path:"/courses/37122", description:"The course focuses on the natural history of different wetland types including climate, geology, and,hydrology factors that influence wetland development Associated soil, vegetation, and wildlife characteristics and key ecological processes will be covered as well. Lectures will be supplemented with weekend wetland types, ranging from tidal salt marshes to non-tidal marshes, swamps, and glacial bogs in order to provide field experience in wetland identification, characterization, and functional assessment. Outside speakers will discuss issues in wetland seed bank ecology, federal regulation, and mitigation. Students will present a short paper on the ecology of a wetland animal and a longer term paper on a selected wetland topic. Readings from the text, assorted journal papers, government technical documents, and book excerpts will provide a broad overview of the multifaceted field of wetland study.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS RENAISSANCE DRAMA: ACTING SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"37985", path:"/courses/37985", description:"Through specialized readings, writing assignments, and in-class acting exercises, the class will develop methods of interpreting Shakespeare's plays through theatrical practice. Topics include Shakespeare's use of soliloquy, two and three person scenes, the dramatic presentation of narrative source material, modes of defining and presenting the 'worlds' of the plays, and the use of theatrical practice to establish authoritative text.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSPORT PROCESSES I", number:"null", id:"37505", path:"/courses/37505", description:"The course provides a unified introduction to momentum, energy (heat), and mass transport processes. The basic mechanisms and the constitutive laws for the various transport processes will be delineated, and the conservation equations will be derived and applied to internal and external flows featuring a few examples from mechanical, chemical, and biological systems. Reactive flows will also be considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"41515", path:"/courses/41515", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VICTIMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37658", path:"/courses/37658", description:"This course examines the wide range of victimization experiences from the perspective of the victim, their families and society. Crimes to be studied include workplace violence, corporate crime, robbery, burglary, assault, rape, stalking, domestic violence, homicide, suicide, elderly abuse and child sexual abuse and exploitation. The role of the medical examiner, health care providers and the FBI as they relate to victims of crime will be discussed. Emphasis will be given to exploring the elements of each crime and response patterns to victimizations. Services available to victims of crime will be discussed. 

As of Spring 2016, students in the College of Arts and Sciences are not permitted to enroll in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP I", number:"null", id:"39824", path:"/courses/39824", description:"Engineers and scientists create and lead great companies, hiring managers when and where needed to help execute their vision. Designed expressly for students having a keen interest in technological innovation, this course investigates the roles of inventors and founders in successful technology ventures. Through case studies and guest speakers, we introduce the knowledge and skills needed to recognize and seize a high-tech entrepreneurial opportunity - be it a product or service - and then successfully launch a startup or spin-off company. The course studies key areas of intellectual property, its protection and strategic value; opportunity analysis and concept testing; shaping technology driven inventions into customer-driven products; constructing defensible competitive strategies; acquiring resources in the form of capital, people and strategic partners; and the founder's leadership role in an emerging high-tech company. Throughout the course emphasis is placed on decisions faced by founders, and on the sequential risks and determinants of success in the early growth phase of a technology venture. The course is designed for, but not restricted to, students of engineering and applied science and assumes no prior business education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS IN THE PROFESSION: BUSINESS ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39159", path:"/courses/39159", description:"This introductory course considers the ethical issues and challenges that arise in the professions. Topics may include Legal Ethics, Business Ethics, Medical Ethics, and Political Ethics. No prior background in Philosohpy or Ethics is presupposed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROME & AMERICA", number:"null", id:"41171", path:"/courses/41171", description:"This course explores a range of social structures and contexts, cultural understandings and intellectual practices where the influence of Roman exemplars is discernible in both historical and present-day America. It presents students with Roman and American materials placed in explicit or implicit dialog with one another: e.g., descriptions and discussions of political processes and structures; attitudes towards games, public entertainments, and communal cohesion; rhetorics and vocabularies of public space. Among other tasks and projects, students will stage a 'reimagination' of the Constitutional (Philadelphia) Convention of 1787, which resulted in the United States Constitution. They will also emulate ancient moralists and satirists, who attacked Rome's 'Bread and Circuses' culture, by focusing their attention upon comparable practices in modern America.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MILITARY MEDICINE & TECH", number:"null", id:"44352", path:"/courses/44352", description:"War and its effects on the human body are brutal; the carnage of the battlefield and the conditions of camp life have presented special challenges to medicine throughout history. People and governments have sought to quell carnage and deter war through the development of ever-more-lethal technologies, though, in the end, they mostly created more spectacular ways of maiming flesh. But the significance of medicine and technology in a military context extends well beyond the injuries and illnesses of war. Looking more closely at the ways in which engineers, physicians, inventors, military officers, soldiers, and civilians have interacted with each other both in war and in peace reveals much about the political, cultural, and disciplinary formation of military medicine and technology in the modern era. This seminar surveys the history of medicine, technology, nursing, innovation, and public health as they are conducted in a military context, exploring the ways in which the practices, theories, tools and imagined needs of the military have played, and continue to play, a prominent role in conceptualizations of warfare morality, the body, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU: ACCL", number:"null", id:"38057", path:"/courses/38057", description:"The Accelerated Elementary Zulu course is intensive, and can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research onSouth Africa,Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE NATURE OF NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"37625", path:"/courses/37625", description:"This course facilitates students' ability to conceptualize the experiences of individuals, families, communities, and populations living with health and illness. It emphasizes the integration of knowledge from other disciplines and of nursing science as the basis for practice. The course introduces the four core themes of the undergraduate nursing program: engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice and examines how the themes are used to characterize the nature of nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE: THE ROLE OF INNATE IMMUNITY IN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"35406", path:"/courses/35406", description:"All organisms, from bacteria to humans, rely on innate, non-specific defense systems to protect against infection and mediate damage. Even in organisms that can generate highly specific and efficient adaptive responses, such as humans, defects in innate immune system components can be fatal. In this course, we will examine the cellular and molecular mechanisms of the components of the innate immune system through discussion of primary literature. We will explore how the innate immune system influences the course of infections and cancer, as well as autoinflammatory disorders that lead to host tissue damage. Though our focus will be on mammalian immunity, we will also explore the evolutionary development of innate immunity through comparison of systems in different organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONFLICT LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"36626", path:"/courses/36626", description:"This course is designed to give in-depth exposure to some of the finest works of classical and modern Urdu prose and poetry along with the historical and socio-political trends they represent. Figures covered range from Ghalib (b.1797) to Faiz, Fehmida Riaz, and post 9/11 Urdu prose and poetry. The course is open to both undergraduates and graduate students, subject to having intermediate level proficiency. The course is repeatable, and hte content changes every semester. Multi-media content such as music, videos, blogs etc. will be actively incorporated. Every effort will be made to accommidate individual interests. Students are encouraged to contact the instructor with any questions, or if they are unsure about eligibility.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEEKING HEALTH:", number:"null", id:"37364", path:"/courses/37364", description:"Summer camps, spring break, and trips to the beach, mountains, and national parks: vacations are an integral part of American culture. Often we talk and think about traveling for its ability to rejuvenate our tired bodies and spirits. Although tourism only developed over the past 100 years, the tradition of traveling for health has a much deeper history. This course will examine how different people in different times have understood the connections between travel and health, and how technologies have and continue to mediate those experiences. Over the course of the semester students will complete an original research paper through critical reading and step-wise assignments that will culminate in a final project. By the end of the semester, students will have honed their skills in primary and secondary source research, the construction of an academic argument and paper, and will continue to develop skills in critical analysis through weekly reading assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSCULOSKEL BIOL&BIOENG", number:"null", id:"38177", path:"/courses/38177", description:"The goal of this course is to educate students in core principles and expose them to cutting-edge research in musculoskeletal biology and bioengineering through (1) lectures covering the basic engineering principles, biological fundamentals, and clinical practices involved in the function, repair, and regeneration of the musculoskeletal tissues; (2) critical review and presentation by student groups of recent and seminal publications in the field related to the basic science, translation, and clinical practice of musculoskeletal biology and bioengineering, with discussion input by faculty members with relevant expertise. This course will place an emphasis on delivering multidisciplinary knowledge of cell and molecular biology, mechanics, material science, imaging, and clinical medicine as it relates to the field of musculoskeletal bioengineering and science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEACHING NURSING IN P.D.: Teaching Nursing in Professional Development", number:"null", id:"44664", path:"/courses/44664", description:"This blended online/in-class graduate level course prepares expert nurses who are considering work in nursing professional development in a variety of practice settings. This course is taken after completing the pre-requisite NURS 600 Principles and Practice of Transformative Nursing Education offering, and will utilize the most current American Nurses Association Nursing Professional Development Scope & Standards of Practice as a foundation for for examining roles and responsibilities of nursing professional development (NPD) practitioners. Content will address the when, who, where, how, what and why of nursing professional development including but not limited to principles related to onboarding/orientation, education and role development, competency management, developing collaborative partnerships, translating evidence-to- practice, facilitating quality improvement, and measuring the value of NPD.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44129", path:"/courses/44129", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the course will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG DECSN MAKING", number:"null", id:"44736", path:"/courses/44736", description:"The course is built around lectures reviewing multiple empirical studies, class discussion,and a few cases. Depending on the instructor, grading is determined by some combination of short written assignments, tests, class participation and a final project (see each instructor's syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ARCHAEOLOGY: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"39508", path:"/courses/39508", description:"An introduction to the history, concepts, and methods of the anthropological study of pre-historic and historic peoples using archaeological illustrations to indicate the relationship of archaeological interpretations with cultural and physical anthropology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRYPTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"39741", path:"/courses/39741", description:"This course is a graduate-level introduction to cryptography, both theory and applications. Topics covered include symmetric cryptography, message authentication, public-key cryptography, digital signatures, cryptanalysis, cryptographic security, and secure channels, as well as a selection of more advanced topics such as zero-knowledge proofs, secure multiparty computation, privacy-enhancing technologies, or lattice-based cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTHY SCHOOLS", number:"null", id:"43398", path:"/courses/43398", description:"This Fox Leadership and academically based community service seminar will use course readings and students' own observations and interviews in their service learning projects in West Philadelphia schools to analyze the causes and impact of school health and educational inequalities and efforts to address them. Course readings will include works by Jonathan Kozol, studies of health inequalities and their causes, and studies of No Child Left Behind, the CDC's School Health Index, recess, school meal, and nutrition education programs. Course speakers will help us examine the history, theories, politics and leadership behind different strategies for addressing school-based inequalities and their outcomes. Service options will focus especially on the West Philadelphia Recess Initiative. Other service options will include work with Community School Student Partnerships and the Urban Nutrition Initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN AND RELIGION: Beyond the Virgin Martyr and the Repentant Harlot", number:"null", id:"42070", path:"/courses/42070", description:"What does it mean to be a Muslim, Hindu, Jewish, Christian, or spiritual woman or man? How important are the gender differences in deciding social roles, ritual activities, and spiritual vocations? How does gender intersect with nationality, language, and politics? This course tackles all of these questions, showing how gender- it's definition and the way it is taught and performed- is central to understanding religion. In this course we will learn about women's and men's rituals, social roles, and mythologies in specific religious traditions. We will also look at the central significance of gender to the field of religious studies generally, with particular attention to non- binary genders. The first part of the course will be focused on building a foundation of knowledge about a range of religious traditions and the role of women in those traditions. This course emphasizes religious traditions outside the West. Although it is beyond the scope of this class to offer comprehensive discussions of any one religious tradition, the aim is to provide entry points into the study of religious traditions through the lens of gender. This course will emphasize both historical perspectives and contemporary contexts. We will read religion through a variety of feminist and queer theory lenses- exploring the key characteristics of diverse feminist", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL PROCESS CONTROL", number:"null", id:"35424", path:"/courses/35424", description:"Dynamics and control of linear single-input, single output (SISO) systems in chemical processes. Laplace transforms. Dynamic responses of linear systems to inputs in time and transform domains. Frequency domain analysis. Feedback control strategies. Stability. Controller tuning. Advanced control, including cascade and feed forward control. Introduction to multiple-input, multiple-output (MIMO) control.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPOG & MON OF ANC ROME", number:"null", id:"43939", path:"/courses/43939", description:"An intensive exploration of Rome's urban topography during the Republican and Imperial periods (6th c. B.C. through 4th c. A.D.) Using archaeological and textual sources, including the Etruscan and Roman collections of the Penn Museum, the goal will be to reconstruct the built environment and decoration of Rome over the course of a millennium. Of interest to students of classics, archaeology, art history, and architecture. Some familiarity with Rome will be a plus, but is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"39336", path:"/courses/39336", description:"Spanish 130 is a first-semester intermediate-level language course that emphasizes the development of the four basic skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking skills) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in meaningful contexts. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense, and the development of writing skills at a paragraph level with transitions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEM FRAMING", number:"null", id:"44365", path:"/courses/44365", description:"In the second semester of the four-semester studio sequence, we ask students to take a step back from what and how they are designing and ask the question of why they are designing it. We will teach them a rigorous process for understanding stakeholder needs and for translating those needs into implications for product design. They will begin to develop greater awareness of the personal, social, competitive and technological contexts that their products fit into, and to learn how to design for those contexts. They will develop the ability to dive into a topic and frame a design problem, and to understand the implications of how they frame the problem on what they design. Ideally, they will use this process to identify a problem or opportunity to work on for their final project. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM IN RESIDENCE GREGORY COLLEGE HOUSE", number:"null", id:"41119", path:"/courses/41119", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE SCULPTURE I", number:"null", id:"38559", path:"/courses/38559", description:"An introduction of modeling the human figure in clay. Students will work from the live model, acquainting themselves with issues of basic anatomy, form and function, and clay modeling. No previous experience is required; drawing experience a plus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISSERTATION SEMINAR I", number:"null", id:"36290", path:"/courses/36290", description:"Advanced study and research in nursing leading to the completion of the dissertation proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"39728", path:"/courses/39728", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMERI COMMUNITIES: Asian American Communities", number:"null", id:"35336", path:"/courses/35336", description:"Who is Asian American and how and where do we recognize Asian America? This interdisciplinary course explores the multiple factors that define Asian American identity and community. In order to provide a sketch of the multifacted experience of this growing minority group, we will discuss a wide variety of texts from scholarly, artistic, and popular (film, cinematic) sources that mark key moments in the cultural history of Asia America. The course will address major themes of community life including migration history, Asian American as model minority, race, class, and transnational scope of Asian America. In combination with the readings, this class will foster and promote independent research based on site visits to various Asian American communities in Philadelphia and will host community leaders as guest lecturers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3-D COMPUTER MODELING", number:"null", id:"35742", path:"/courses/35742", description:"Students will develop a comprehensive knowledge of how virtual worlds are constructed using contemporary computer graphics technique with a fine arts perspective. The course will offer the opportunity to explore the construction, texturing, and rendering of forms, environments, and mechanisms while conforming to modeling specifications required for animation, real-time simulations or gaming environments, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ATOM MOD IN MATS SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44575", path:"/courses/44575", description:"This course covers two major aspects of atomic level computer modeling in materials. 1. Methods: Molecular statics, Molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo, Kinetic Monte Carlo as well as methods of analysis of the results such as radial distribution function, thermodynamics deduced from the molecular dynamics, fluctuations, correlations and autocorrelations. 2. Semi-empirical descriptions of atomic interactions: pair potentials, embedded atom method, covalent bonding, ionic bonding. Basics of the density functional theory. Mechanics, condensed matter physics, thermodynamics and statistical mechanics needed in interpretations are briefly explained.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP BRAZILIAN CINEMA", number:"null", id:"40572", path:"/courses/40572", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see department's webpage: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN MGMT HEALTH INST", number:"null", id:"41523", path:"/courses/41523", description:"This course focuses on health care organizations' financial decisions in the changing health care landscape. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to utilize a range of financial tools and techniques for making value-added financial decisions in a variety of important contexts in the health care sector. The course involves case analyses and lectures, including presentations by practitioners with extensive real world experience. The course is organized around cases dealing with publicly-traded health care company valuation, valuation and return on investment of biopharmaceutical and medical technology development projects, valuation and deal structure for startup and early stage health care organizations, health plan pricing and finance, and health care provider risk-sharing arrangements. Each case is accompanied by background on tools, methods, institutions, and markets. Students seeking careers in health care finance and financial decision making. Students with more background will extend and enhance their analytical skills in a variety of important areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19 CENTURY AMERICAN LIT: KINSHIP, SEXUALITY, INDIGENEITY", number:"null", id:"44100", path:"/courses/44100", description:"A survey of 19th-century American literature that usually focuses on a particular issue or problem, such as: gender and manhood; the politics of humor; representing the nation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ETHICS: GLOBAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39153", path:"/courses/39153", description:"This course examines some of the central theoretical and applied questions of ethics. For example, what is the good life? By what measure or principles do we evaluate the rightness and wrongness of actions? How does ethical reasoning help us understand and address real world problems such as world hunger, social injustice, sex and race discrimination, allocation of scare resources and the like. The course can be organized around an applied topic or practical issue such as global ethics, just war, biomedical ethics or environmental ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW OF CORP MGMT & FNCE", number:"null", id:"43028", path:"/courses/43028", description:"This course provides an introduction to the law of corporate management and finance, focusing on large publicly held corporations. It is presented from the perspective that before too long virtually all students will serve on one or more corporate boards of directors and that each should, therefore, know about the duties owed by directors and officers to those toward whom they bear a fiduciary duty. The course covers the basic obligations of corporate directors and managers under state corporate law and the federal securities laws. It also considers the rights and responsibilities of other major stake holders in the governance of public corporations, including shareholders, creditors/bondholders, employees (including corporate executives), investment bankers, corporate lawyers, and accountants. Particular attention is given to the law of mergers and acquisitions. Important issues of social policy concerning large business corporations are also discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH ENG DESIGN PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"44487", path:"/courses/44487", description:"This is the second course in the two course sequence involving the capstone design project. See MEAM 445 for course description.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"44785", path:"/courses/44785", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modern Britain, 1700-present: Empire, Expansion and Democracy", number:"null", id:"44306", path:"/courses/44306", description:"In this course, we will investigate the extraordinary story of Britain's rise to global predominance and the question of its 'decline' in the twentieth century. Our readings and discussions will engage with dominant ideas, social processes, and popular beliefs; we will look at the structure of government and the texture of everyday lives. We will encounter Britons in all corners of the world even as we explore the complexities of metropolitan British history. Big ideas were born there: industrial captialism, political liberalism, and scientific racism. Britain's political system, with its early form of (limited) democracy, gave shape to party politics around the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"35758", path:"/courses/35758", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH C CHINESE LIT/FILM", number:"null", id:"36999", path:"/courses/36999", description:"This course serves as a thematic introduction to modern Chinese literature and cinema in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and transnational Chinese communities in the twentieth century. By discussing a wide range of key literary and filmic texts, this class looks into major issues and discourses in China's century of modernization: enlightenment and revolution, politics and aesthetics, sentimental education and nationalism, historical trauma and violence, gender and sexuality, social hygiene and body politics, diaspora and displacement, youth sub-culture and urban imagination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI I", number:"null", id:"37301", path:"/courses/37301", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43488", path:"/courses/43488", description:"This course is a comprehensive introduction to the sociological study of urban areas. This includes more general topics as the rise of cities and theories urbanism, as well as more specific areas of inquiry, including American urbanism, segregation, urban poverty, suburbanization and sprawl, neighborhoods and crime, and immigrant ghettos. The course will also devote significant attention to globalization and the process of urbanization in less developed counties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MYTHS & RELIG ANC WORLD", number:"null", id:"36194", path:"/courses/36194", description:"This course will survey the religions of the ancient Middle East, situating each in its historical and socio-cultural context and focusing on the key issues of concern to humanity: creation, birth, the place of humans in the order of the universe, death, and destruction. The course will cover not only the better-known cultures from the area, such as Egypt and Mesopotamia, but also some lesser-known traditions, such as those of the Hurrians, or of the ancient Mediterranean town of Ugarit. Religion will not be viewed merely as a separate, sealed-off element of the ancient societies, but rather as an element in various cultural contexts, for example, the relationship between religion and magic and the role of religion in politics will be recurring topics in the survey. Background readings for the lectures will be drawn not only from the modern scholarly literature, but also from the words of the ancients themselves in the form of their myths, rituals, and liturgies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF SPORT", number:"null", id:"43327", path:"/courses/43327", description:"This is an introductory philosophy course that uses philosophical tools to understand and answer questions that arise in and about sports. Is there a principled basis for determining which methods of performance enhancement are acceptable? Developing a framework to answer this question will take us through: 1) questions about rules: what is their point in sports and what are appropriate reasons to change them; 2) questions about the point of participation in a sport; 3) questions about the kinds of virtues sports participants can demonstrate; and 4) questions about integrity of participants and a sport itself. A related set of questions concerns the appropriate competitors in sporting events: Should competition be restricted to single sex categories; Should competition be divided into disabled and non-disabled categories?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHIC THINKING", number:"null", id:"41391", path:"/courses/41391", description:"This course will explore the vitality and range of photography as a discursive practice by analyzing the way images are structured and deployed in contemporary art and wider media culture. Students will be introduced to the key issues surrounding photography now- led through these questions by lectures, readings, group discussion and project-based work. A series of photo-assignments challenge the students to integrate critical thought with practice, exploring a range of formal strategies and thematic frameworks that affect the meaning of their images. Students should have a strong interest in philosophy and art histories (especially the history of photography.) They should be motivated to work independently & experiment creatively. There are no prerequisites for this course. It is intended for all different levels of technical experience, but the minimum requirements are a digital camera, a basic familiarity with Photoshop and access to a computer with imaging software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED STUDY-EMGT: Lessons from Israeli Innovation", number:"null", id:"40852", path:"/courses/40852", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38290", path:"/courses/38290", description:"This course is the second half of a one-year course for business oriented subjects. This course will provide an overview of China's changing macro-environment, while real business cases let us look into individual Chinese companies and their development in the new millennium. By the end of the semester, students are expected to 1) enhance the cultural awareness of contemporary China and the Chinese business world; 2) gain vocabulary and fluency in Chinese to function more confidently and comfortably in real business settings; 3) access business news and information in Chinese; 4) give business presentation in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DECISION THEORY", number:"null", id:"36369", path:"/courses/36369", description:"This course will provide an introduction to models of human decision making. One of the primary purposes of the course is to provide a set of basic tools that will help the student translate uncertainty into numbers. Rational choice under uncertainty is by far the most used theory of decision making, and its applications are widespread in economics, finance, political science, law, managerial decision making, the economics of health care, and artificial intelligence. The course will use examples from each of these fields (and also fun 'paradoxes' such as the Monty Hall Puzzle) in providing an introduction to the basic foundations of decision making. We will also look at the shortcomings of the rational choice theory: both from intuitive and empirical perspectives. No mathematical prerequisites are necessary beyond high school algebra and arithmetic.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CARIBBEAN MUS & DIASPORA", number:"null", id:"37598", path:"/courses/37598", description:"This course considers Caribbean musics within a broad and historical framework.Caribbean musical practices are explored by illustrating the many ways that aesthetics, ritual, communication, religion, and social structure are embodied in and contested through performance. These initial inquiries open onto an investigation of a range of theoretical concepts that become particularly pertinent in Caribbean contexts--concepts such as post-colonialism, migration, ethnicity, hybridity, syncretism, and globalization. Each of these concepts, moreover, will be explored with a view toward understanding its connections to the central analytical paradigm of the course--diaspora. Throughout the course, we will listen to many different styles and repertories of music ranging from calpso to junkanoo, from rumba to merengue, and from dance hall to zouk. We will then work to understand them not only in relation to the readings that frame our discussions but also in relation to our own North-American contexts of music consumption and production. (Formerly Music 258).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREN LIT: INDIV/SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"44236", path:"/courses/44236", description:"This basic course in literature provides an overview of French literature and acquaints students with major literary trends through the study of representative works from each period. Special emphasis is placed on close reading of texts in order to familiarize students with major authors and their characteristics and with methods of interpretation. Students are expected to take an active part in class discussion in French. French 232 has as its theme the Individual and Society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RELIGIOUS OTHER", number:"null", id:"44615", path:"/courses/44615", description:"Course explores attitudes toward monotheists of other faiths, and claims made about these 'religious Others' in real and imagined encounters between Jews, Christians and Muslims from antiquity to the present. Strategies of 'othering' will be analyzed through an exploration of claims about the Other's body, habits and beliefs, as found in works of scripture, law, theology, polemics, art, literature and reportage. Attention will be paid to myths about the other, inter-group violence, converts, cases of cross-cultural influence, notions of toleration, and perceptions of Others in contemporary life. Primary sources will be provided in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MED ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"35285", path:"/courses/35285", description:"Introduction to Medical Anthropology takes central concepts in anthropology -- culture, adaptation, human variation, belief, political economy, the body -- and applies them to human health and illness. Students explore key elements of healing systems including healing technologies and healer-patient relationships. Modern day applications for medical anthropology are stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"41585", path:"/courses/41585", description:"Women's health is a constant refrain of modern life, prompting impassioned debates that speak to the fundamental nature of our society. Women's bodies are the tableaux across which politicians, physicians, healthcare professional, activists, and women themselves dispute issues as wide-ranging as individual versus collective rights, the legitimacy of scientific and medical knowledge, the role of the government in healthcare, inequalities of care, and the value of experiential knowledge, among many others. Understanding the history of these questions is crucial for informed engagement with contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC REASONING", number:"null", id:"36370", path:"/courses/36370", description:"This course is about strategically interdependent decisions. In such situations, the outcome of your actions depends also on the actions of others. When making your choice, you have to think what the others will choose, who in turn are thinking what you will be choosing, and so on. Game Theory offers several concepts and insights for understanding such situations, and for making better strategic choices. This course will introduce and develop some basic ideas from game theory, using illustrations, applications, and cases drawn from business, economics, politics, sports, and even fiction and movies. Some interactive games will be played in class. There will be little formal theory, and the only pre-requisites are some high-school algebra and having taken Econ 1. However, general numeracy (facility interpreting and doing numerical graphs, tables, and arithmetic calculations) is very important. This course will also be accepted by the Economics department as an Econ course, to be counted toward the minor in Economics (or as an Econ elective).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECIAL TOPICS IN COMM: THE SOCIAL BRAIN AND COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"43963", path:"/courses/43963", description:"How does our brain make sense of the self and others? What processes are operative when we relate to, influence, and are influenced by others? And how does studying the brain help inform the nature of interpersonal communication? This course will examine theories of social psychology and communication neuroscience to explore the malleability and mechanisms of the social mind. Specific topics include theories of the self, intergroup/interpersonal relationships, social emotions, and persuasion. We will also examine recent development of intervention strategies that may facilitate effective communication, including self-affirmation, self-transcendence, and mindfulness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45296", path:"/courses/45296", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LDERSHP & COMMUN IN GRPS: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"37507", path:"/courses/37507", description:"Through the process of action, reflection, and experimentation, and application, MGMT 100 aims to develop your leadership, teamwork, and communication skills. The course provides many occasions to strengthen your ability to exercise leadership through service, to speak and write persuasively, and to work collaboratively with a diverse group of individuals. Through the course of the term, you will have a heightened sense of your individual strengths and opportunities for growth. 

Eleven sections of approximately 60 students are scheduled each year (nine in the fall; two in the spring). Attached to each section are six recitations. Your recitation determines your project team. Whether you are in lecture participating in role plays or simulations, in recitation doing impromptu speeches, or out in the field working on your project, Management 100 is highly interactive and participative. The hallmark of the course is experiential learning. 

Over the course of the year, Management 100 teams complete nearly 70 field projects. In the fall, freshmen participate in community service projects, a good number supplied by the United Way; in the spring, upper level transfer and dual degree students work on consulting projects vetted by Wharton's Small Business Development Center (SBDC).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"44951", path:"/courses/44951", description:"Spanish for Business I provides advanced-level language students with technical vocabulary and communicative skills covering business concepts as they apply to the corporate dynamics of the Spanish-speaking world, with a special emphasis on Latin America. Through readings, presentations, discussions, and video materials, we shall analyze those cultural aspects that characterize the business environment in the region as well as focus on economies and markets in light of their history, politics, resources and pressing international concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISSERTATION SEMINAR I", number:"null", id:"44705", path:"/courses/44705", description:"Advanced study and research in nursing leading to the completion of the dissertation proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR CLASSICAL CHIN II", number:"null", id:"38396", path:"/courses/38396", description:"Continuation of CHIN491 EALC221/621, which is the only prerequisite for this course. Upon completion of Shadick, readings in a wide selection of texts with Chinese commentaries may be taken up. These readings are in part chosen to reflect student interest. This is the second half of a year-long course. Those who enroll must take both semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE HC SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42911", path:"/courses/42911", description:"This course examines the structure of health care systems in different countries, focusing on financing, reimbursement, delivery systems and adoption of new technologies. We study the relative roles of private sector and public sector insurance and providers, and the effect of system design on cost, quality, efficiency and equity of medical services. Some issues we address are normative: Which systems and which public/private sector mixes are better at achieving efficiency and equity? Other issues are positive: How do these different systems deal with the tough choices, such as decisions about new technologies? Our focus first on the systems in four large, prototypical OECD countries- Germany, Canada, Japan, and the United Kingdom -and then look at other developed and emerging countries with interesting systems - including Italy, Chile, Singapore, Brazil, China and India. We will draw lessons for the U.S. from foreign experience and vice versa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"36103", path:"/courses/36103", description:"MGMT 230 integrates the material introduced in business fundamental courses and applies it to the design and evaluation of new ventures. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth and to foster innovation and new business formations in independent and corporate settings. The course addresses both a theoretical perspective on venture initiation and the application of writing an actual business plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLTR MEMORY CONTMP CHINA", number:"null", id:"35584", path:"/courses/35584", description:"How is memory constructed and represented? What does society remember and/or forget? How and under what circumstances? How is it possible and/or impossible to bear witness? This course will examine notions of individual and collective memories, trauma, catastrophe, historical violence, post-socialist nostalgia, and amnesia, and explore the possibilities and impossibilities of remembering and forgetting in various forms of representation and cultural production in contemporary Chinese-speaking communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUALIZING THE PAST", number:"null", id:"39704", path:"/courses/39704", description:"Most people's information about the Past is drawn from coffee table picture books, popular movies, video games, documentaries about discoveries of 'ancient, mysterious, and lost' civilizations, and tours often lead by guides of limited or even dubious credentials. How are these ideas presented, formed, and circulated? Who creates and selects the information presented in this diverse media? Are these presentations accurate? Do they promote or hurt scientific explanations? Can the artistic, aesthetic, and scientific realms be bridged to effectively promote and interpret the past? How can modern technologies be applied to do a better job at presenting what is difficult to experience firsthand? This class will focus on case studies, critiques, and methods of how archaeology and the past are created, presented and used in movies, museums, games, the internet, and art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"42676", path:"/courses/42676", description:"An introduction not only to representations of business in literray texts, but also to the business of literature itself. The course explores the representation of modern commerce and entrepreneurial life, financial and legal structures in industrial and advanced capitalism, doctrines of prosperity and economic growth, and the emotional, moral, and social life of women and men working in business.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG/SCRIPT/SOC IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"37003", path:"/courses/37003", description:"The Chinese writing system is the only major surviving script in the world that is partially picto-ideographic, Egyptian hieroglyphic and Sumero-Akkadian cuneiform having passed out of use about two millennia ago. Partly because it is so unique, a tremendous number of myths have grown up around the Chinese script. In an attempt to understand how they really function, this seminar will examine the nature of the sinographs and their relationship to spoken Sinitic languages, as well as their implications for society and culture. We will also discuss the artistic and technological aspects of the Chinese characters and the ongoing efforts to reform and simplify them. The use of sinographs in other East Asian countries than China will be taken into account. There are no prerequisites for this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURE OF ASL", number:"null", id:"43059", path:"/courses/43059", description:"This course covers the linguistic structure of American Sign Language (ASL), including its phonology (articulatory features, phonological constraints, nonmanuals), morphology (morphological constraints, compounds, incorporation, borrowing), and syntax (syntactic categories, basic phrase structure, common sentence types), Also discussed are the topics of classifiers and deixis. In keeping with the comparative perspective of linguistic theory, parallels and differences between ASL and other (primarily spoken) languages are pointed out where appropriate. Historical and sociolinguistic issues are addressed where they are relevant to elucidating linguistic structure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREDICTIVE ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"40873", path:"/courses/40873", description:"This course follows from the introductory regression classes, STAT 102, STAT 112, and STAT 431 for undergraduates and STAT 613 for MBAs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC BELLES-LETTRES", number:"null", id:"39540", path:"/courses/39540", description:"This course aims to improve reading skills and vocabulary by introducing students to extensive passages taken from a variety of Arabic literary genres from all periods. Taught in MSA with writing assignments in MSA.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS ENLIGHTENMENT?", number:"null", id:"41513", path:"/courses/41513", description:"The question 'What is the Enlightenment?' was posed for an essay competition in a journal, the Berlin Monatsschrift in 1784. At that point, French and English philosophers had already considered new ways of thinking, inventing the modern individual and the modern citizen (in contrast to a state's subject). German responses to this question were written by an established philosopher (Immanuel Kant), a Jewish resident of Berlin (Moses Mendelssohn), as well as concerned readers of recent philosophical treastises. In our course, we will consider this question by exploring this early discussion and the formation of Enlightenment thought in Europe and specifically Germany, including the German-Jewish Enlightenment (Haskalah), but also trace the historical transformation of this discussion, including Theodor W. Adorno's and Max Horkheimer's Dialectics of Enlightenment (1944/1947) and more recent criticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH METHODS IN SOCIAL ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38101", path:"/courses/38101", description:"This undergraduate seminar is about how ethnographers do research. It introduces fundamental concepts and techniques - research design, participant observation, interviews, questionnaires, field notes, archives, data collection and analysis. It also addresses ethical and legal issues- cultural protocols, intellectual property rights, collaborative anthropology, and institutional review boards. Students will conduct original ethnographic research in partnership with the Netter Center.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN JESUS", number:"null", id:"43448", path:"/courses/43448", description:"Images and beliefs about Jesus have always been a compelling part of American life. This course seeks to examine the social, political, religious and artistic ways that Jesus has been appropriated and used in American life, making him a unique figure for exploring American religious life. Special attention will be given to how Jesus is used to shape social and political concerns, including race, gender, sexuality, and culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLEGE MUSIC PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"40372", path:"/courses/40372", description:"Private study in voice, keyboard, strings, woodwind, brass, percussion, and non-western instruments. Such study is designed to meet the artistic, technical, and/or professional needs of the student. Note: This is not a syllabus. Course requirements and assessment will be determined by the private instructor. Private lessons in the College House Music cannot be taken Pass/Fail. Please visit http://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/performance. Students cannot register through Penn In Touch. Registration will be maintained by the music department upon receipt of application and instructor permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK & ROMAN MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"38348", path:"/courses/38348", description:"The history of Western medicine is remarkably recent; until the nineteenth century prevailing theories of the body and mind, and many therapeutic methods to combat disease, were largely informed by an elaborate system developed centuries earlier in ancient Greece, at a period when the lines between philosophy, medicine, and what we might consider magic, were much less clearly defined than they are today. This course will examine the ways in which the Greeks, and then the Romans, conceptualized the body, disease, and healing, and will compare these to medical culture of our time. We will consider sources from Hippocrates, Plato, and Aristotle to Galen and Soranus, and will juxtapose these writings with modern discourse about similar topics. We will also pay some attention to ancient pharmacology and religious healing, and will visit the Penn Museum to see their collection of ancient medical instruments. All readings will be in English and no previous background in Classical Studies is required. This course will be especially appealing (and useful) to Pre-med and Nursing students, and to students interested in the History of Science, Ancient Philosophy, and Classics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE LITERATURE & HISTORIOGRAPHY OF NATIONAL TRAUMA:  PARTITION & SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"44094", path:"/courses/44094", description:"This course explores an aspect of Postcolonial literature intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Honors Physics II: Electromagnetism and Radiation", number:"null", id:"44777", path:"/courses/44777", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 151, at a somewhat higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; special relativity; Maxwell's equations, electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 092 or PHYS 094 who complete PHYS 171 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND STRUCTURE OF LANG", number:"null", id:"36040", path:"/courses/36040", description:"An introduction to phonetics and phonology. Topics include articulatory phonetics (the anatomy of the vocal tract; how speech sounds are produced); transcription (conventions for representing the sounds of the world's languages); classification (how speech sounds are classified and represented cognitively through distinctive features); phonology (the grammar of speech sounds in various languages: their patterning and interaction) and syllable structure and its role in phonology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"41166", path:"/courses/41166", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Python and Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNISM IN PRACTICE: CHINA & THE USSR COMPARED", number:"null", id:"40140", path:"/courses/40140", description:"A comprehensive and multi-faceted survey of China and Russia, mostly in the twentieth century, through examining preludes and postludes, but focusing above all on their time as Communist states and sometimes quarreling Cold War allies. Of course we will cover the history, the geography, the economics, the leaders (Stalin, Mao), and the great events - not least the Second World War in each - always comparing, contrasting, and drawing linkages. We will also examine, however, daily life and work for ordinary people, developments in society, and not least their common attemps at revolution, at somehow creating new and unprecedented polities, having populations of radically transformed new people. This informative, fascinating quest will take us from folklore to literature and the arts to dissent and religion and ecology, among other topics. As far as possible we will let their people speak for themselves, by assigning mostly translations of original sources including novels and memoirs, even poetry. A comprehensive assessment of the strategically critical Asian heartland - which at over 14 million square miles is larger than Canada, the United States, and Western Europe combined. Lectures, readings, midterm, short paper, and in-class final.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIBLE IN TRANSLATION: Bible in Translation: Isaiah", number:"null", id:"36205", path:"/courses/36205", description:"Spring 2015:The Book of Isaiah spans over two centuries and documents one of the most turbulent periods in the histories of Judah and Israel. In this course, we read Isaiah's prophecies in the context of their historical settings and in consideration of their theological implications. We will align the biblical texts to ancient artifacts and inscriptions that were created during the time of the prophet. A close reading of the text will allow us to appreciate Isaiah's message of peace and salvation. We can then ask: how is Isaiah's message relevant for us today?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SECTS & VIOLENCE E. ASIA", number:"null", id:"42614", path:"/courses/42614", description:"The countries of East Asia have a long tradition of vilifying marginal religious movements. Journalists, governments, and anti-cult activists have often regarded groups such as Falun Gong, the Unification Church, and Aum Shinrikyo as hotbeds of sexual promiscuity or threats to peace and order. Yet these portrayals problematically assume that 'real' religions are ascetic or pacifist; they may also overlook the violent techniques that governments have used to keep potentially seditious religious movements in check. This course investigates the fact and fiction of popular portrayals of marginal religious movements, showing that East Asian governance of religions is both historically and conceptually linked to the contemporary geopolitics of counterterrorism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"43046", path:"/courses/43046", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"35434", path:"/courses/35434", description:"A general laboratory course covering aspects of qualitative and quantitative analysis, determination of chemical and physical properties, and chemical synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"38713", path:"/courses/38713", description:"A continuation of HEBR 051, First Year Modern Hebrew, which assumes basic skills of reading and speaking and the use of the present tense. Open to all students who have completed one semester of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"40520", path:"/courses/40520", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"36286", path:"/courses/36286", description:"This course provides the opportunity for students to integrate theoretical knowledge and research finding into practice within the clinical setting. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients with more complex health problems. Techniques for managing the acute pain of clients are emphasized. Anesthetic requirements as dictated by patient assessment including the surgical procedure are studied in greater depth. The student now possesses the ability to combine theories and skills in selected clinical situations. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the student's critical thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPECTIVES ON URBAN POVERTY", number:"null", id:"40782", path:"/courses/40782", description:"This course provides an interdisciplinary introduction to 20th century urban poverty, and 20th century urban poverty knowledge. In addition to providing an historical overview of American poverty, the course is primarily concerned with the ways in which historical, cultural, political, racial, social, spatial/geographical, and economic forces have either shaped or been left out of contemporary debates on urban poverty. Of great importance, the course will evaluate competing analytic trends in the social sciences and their respective implications in terms of the question of what can be known about urban poverty in the contexts of social policy and practice, academic research, and the broader social imaginary. We will critically analyze a wide body of literature that theorizes and explains urban poverty. Course readings span the disciplines of sociology, anthropology, urban studies, history, and social welfare. Primacy will be granted to critical analysis and deconstruction of course texts, particularly with regard to the ways in which poverty knowledge creates, sustains, and constricts meaningful channels of action in urban poverty policy and practice interventions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS EARLY MODERN PHIL", number:"null", id:"44759", path:"/courses/44759", description:"A study of selected topics, texts, and figures from 17th and 18th century European philosophy. Figures studied may include Descartes, Leibniz,Locke, Berkley, Hume, or Kant. Topics will vary from term to term.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"40272", path:"/courses/40272", description:"Construction of real numbers, the topology of the real line and the foundations of single variable calculus. Notions of convergence for sequences of functions. Basic approximation theorems for continuous functions and rigorous treatment of elementary transcendental functions. The course is intended to teach students how to read and construct rigorous formal proofs. A more theoretical course than Math 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETS,MORALITY&CAPITAL", number:"null", id:"40214", path:"/courses/40214", description:"Markets play a central role in the life of a capitalist democracy. But is this a good thing? Should we let markets decide who is rich and who is poor? Who makes decisions and who follows them? Whose ideas get heard and whose ideas do not? The goal of this class will be to examine the market from the perspective of various social values to see whether we should want a market system and, if so, what kind of market system we should want. Among the issues we will examine are the following. Does the market contribute to the common good? If so, how? Does the market conflict with the idea that all human beings are of equal value? What is the relation between the market and freedom? Does the market liberate us or oppress us? Can we reconcile the market with our democratic ideals? What role should corporations play in a healthy democracy? What role should markets play in an increasingly globalized world? We will read several important philosophers, economists and political theorists writing on these issues, including Adam Smith, John Rawls, Amartya Sen, Friedrich Hayek, Karl Marx, Robert Nozick, Jurgen Habermas, and others. Grades will be based on three papers and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UTOPIA", number:"null", id:"44322", path:"/courses/44322", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR WOMEN LIVES PAST/PRE", number:"null", id:"43665", path:"/courses/43665", description:"Restoring women to African history is a worthy goal, but easier said than done.The course examines scholarship over the past forty years that brings to light previously overlooked contributions African women have made to political struggle, religious change, culture preservation, and economic development from pre-colonial times to present. The course addresses basic questions about changing women's roles and human rights controversies associated with African women within the wider cultural and historical contexts in which their lives are lived. It also raises fundamental questions about sources, methodology, and representation, including the value of African women's oral and written narrative and cinema production as avenues to insider perspectives on African women's lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONS, POL AND MARKETS", number:"null", id:"42409", path:"/courses/42409", description:"This course is intended to deepen understanding of the major contemporary issues in the world economy. The focus is on the 'big picture' of global economic developments and the evolution of economic thought over the last one hundred years. The topics include: financial market booms and busts; business cycles; monetary and fiscal policies; inequality; the social welfare state; technological change and economic growth; and international trade and financial arrangements. The time period covers: the Roaring Twenties; the Great Depression, the post war Golden Age (1945-1973); the stagflation of the 1970s; the Washington Consensus era of the market liberalization (1980-2007); and the 2008 financial crisis and Great Recession of 2007-2010 and its aftermath. The course also explores different schools of thought. The course will chronicle and compare economic policy and performance of the United States, Europe, Japan and emerging markets (Asia, Latin America, Africa).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN MANDARIN II", number:"null", id:"42510", path:"/courses/42510", description:"Following the format of Advanced Spoken Mandarin I with more discussions on current issues in both China and the US, including topics ranging from race, religion, gender issues to internet, cinema and pop cultures. The objective of this course is to consolidate the knowledge and skills students have acquired from their previous Mandarin Chinese classes and to enhance their oral expressive skills. By the end of the semester, students are expected to be able to carry on a conversation with a native Mandarin speaker on various common topics, and to gather information necessary for conducting oral presentations and speeches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPS STUDY OF MEANING: Experiments in the Study of Meaning", number:"null", id:"38859", path:"/courses/38859", description:"This course provides an introduction to the experimental study of meaning in natural language. We begin by introducing some basic notions of formal semantics and pragmatics and review relevant technical background. Next we discuss recent developments in studying meaning-related phenomena experimentally, which, in addition to theoretical questions, involve issues in the acquisition and processing of semantic information. In the course of this, we will also introduce the basics of experimental design and relevant psycholinguistic methodology. In addition to readings and homework assignments, students will embark on a small research project (individually or jointly), which will be presented in class at the end of the semester and written up as a term paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECON & FINCING-HLTHCR DL", number:"null", id:"42904", path:"/courses/42904", description:"The course provides an application of economic models to demand, supply, and their interaction in the medical economy. Influences on demand, especially health status, insurance coverage, and income will be analyzed. Physician decisions on the pricing and form of their own services, and on the advice they offer about other services, will be considered. Competition in medical care markets, especially for hospital services, will be studied. Special emphasis will be placed on government as demander of medical care services. Changes in Medicare and regulation of managed care are among the public policy issues to be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Petrography of Cultural Materials", number:"null", id:"43943", path:"/courses/43943", description:"Introduction to thin-section petrography of stone and ceramic archaeological materials. Using polarized light microscopy, the first half of this course will cover the basics of mineralogy and the petrography of igneous, metamorphic and sedimentary rocks. The second half will focus on the petrographic description of ceramic materials, mainly pottery, with emphasis on the interpretation of provenance and technology. As part of this course, students will characterize and analyze archaeological samples from various collections. Prior knowledge of geology is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"American Religion and the LGBTQ Experience", number:"null", id:"39273", path:"/courses/39273", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"42801", path:"/courses/42801", description:"FNCE 101 is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"37547", path:"/courses/37547", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY YORUBA I", number:"null", id:"40896", path:"/courses/40896", description:"The Elementary Yoruba I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on Nigeria and the diaspora/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Yoruba. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW I", number:"null", id:"38712", path:"/courses/38712", description:"An introduction to the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew. This course assumes no previous knowledge of Hebrew. A grade of B- or higher is needed to proceed to HEBR 052, Elementary Modern Hebrew II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE III", number:"null", id:"37433", path:"/courses/37433", description:"Expanded instruction of American Sign Language (ASL). Receptive and expressive activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; narrative skills, cultural bahviors; and aspects of Deaf culture. Abstract and conversational approach.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEX ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"40267", path:"/courses/40267", description:"Complex numbers, DeMoivre's theorem, complex valued functions of a complex variable, the derivative, analytic functions, the Cauchy-Riemann equations, complex integration, Cauchy's integral theorem, residues, computation of definite integrals by residues, and elementary conformal mapping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCHOOL REFORM AND PUBLIC POLICY", number:"null", id:"36623", path:"/courses/36623", description:"The course examines the reforms catalyzed by the federal 'Race to the Top' competitive grant program and by waivers from No Child Left Behind issued by the federal Department of Education; and explores how these reforms resemble and differ from those mandated by NCLB. Charters, vouchers and competition are discussed along with school governance and funding. Micro as well as macro policy perspectives are provided through the instructor's ongoing work helping Houston's Aldine Independent School District (the 2009 Broad Prize winner with 64,000 low-income and minority students) design and pilot a new teacher evaluation system, a new compensation system, a 'peer assistance and and review' process for professional development, remediation and dismissal along with related reforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL POL. ECON.", number:"null", id:"37796", path:"/courses/37796", description:"This course examines the politics of international economic relations. The course will analyze the interplay between politics and economics in three broad areas: international trade, international finance, and economic development. In each section, we will first discuss economic theories that explain the causes and consequences of international commerce, capital flows, and economic growth. We will then explore how political interests, institutions, and ideas alter these predictions, examining both historical examples and current policy debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"37838", path:"/courses/37838", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FACING RACE", number:"null", id:"38375", path:"/courses/38375", description:"Is race imaginary? If so, who invented facial distinctions and why can we see them? Do pictures change the way we think? How do artists think about the people they draw and satirize? This course will explore the relationship between caricature and perceptions of racial difference in modern western culture. We will interrogate the role that visual images play in framing our perceptions of groups and their defining characteristics. Broadly historical, this interdisciplinary course will introduce students to scholarship in visual culture, media studies, science studies, and race theory. Students will develop skills in primary source analysis, historical methodology, and visual analysis. Assignments will include a visual analysis, 4 short papers, and a final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AESTHETICS: Hannah Arendt", number:"null", id:"40081", path:"/courses/40081", description:"Topic title for Spring 2018: Walter Benjamin. Walter Benjamin (1892-1940) is a philosopher whose writings on art, literature, and politics have had tremendous influence on many disciplines in the Humanities and Social Studies. He has been variously described as one of the leading German-Jewish thinkers, and a secular Marxist theorist. With the publication of a four-volume collection of this works in English, many more of his writings have been made accessible to a wider public. Our seminar will undertake a survey of his work that begins with his studies on language and allegory, and continues with his autobiographical work, his writings on art and literature, and on the imaginary urban spaces of the nineteenth-century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVITY", number:"null", id:"37553", path:"/courses/37553", description:"The ability to solve problems creatively and generate change is a recognized standard of success and plays an important role in gaining a competitive advantage in many areas of business management. This course is designed to teach students several creative problem solving methodologies that complement other managerial tools acquired in undergraduate and graduate studies. The course offers students the opportunity to learn how to solve problems, identify opportunities, and generate those elusive ideas that potentially generate enormous benefits to organizations. 

The objectives of this course are to enhance the student's (a) creativity (b) ability to innovate and (c) ability to identify, recruit, develop, manage, retain, and collaborate with creative people. The course includes: interaction with guest lecturers; a review of the literature on creativity, creative people, innovation, and design as well as the leadership and management of creative people and innovation; hands on learning of approaches for generating creative ideas; applications of creativity to selected management domains; and integration via individual assignments and a group project in which interdisciplinary teams of students generate a creative product, service, customer experience, business or strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH COMM & ACAD WRITING", number:"null", id:"39822", path:"/courses/39822", description:"Students will improve the grammar, word choice and organization of their professional writing by completing weekly writing assignments and a full-length research paper. Students will also give short oral presentations and receive feedback on pronunciation, wording, grammar and organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICA IN WORLD HISTORY", number:"null", id:"41544", path:"/courses/41544", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED STUDIES II: HUMAN MORALITY & EMOTION", number:"null", id:"42980", path:"/courses/42980", description:"This course is the second semester of a two-semester sequence for first-year students admitted to the Collge's Integrated Studies Program. Topics will vary from year to year. For a current description, please see http://www.upenn.edu/curf/bfs/in-the-college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CINEMA PRODUCTION", number:"null", id:"38543", path:"/courses/38543", description:"This course focuses on the practices and theory of producing narrative based cinema. Members of the course will become the film crew and produce a short digital film. Workshops on producing, directing, lighting, camera, sound and editing will build skills necessary for the hands-on production shoots. Visiting lecturers will critically discuss the individual roles of production in the context of the history of film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT TOPICS IN NUTRITION: NUTRITIONAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"37655", path:"/courses/37655", description:"The objective of the course is to integrate the nutrition knowledge obtained from previous course work in nutrition and provide the student the opportunity to explore, analyze and formulate implications of the research and related literature on a self-selected topic under the guidance of the faculty coordinator. Current topics and controversies in nutrition will be discussed weekly. Readings will be assigned in coordination with each discussion topic and students will be required to seek out other sources of information to add to the class discussion. Topics will change from year to year to reflect the most recent interests and issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: EINSTEIN & PICASSO", number:"null", id:"45062", path:"/courses/45062", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST-YEAR SEMINAR:  WRITING ABOUT ART", number:"null", id:"44036", path:"/courses/44036", description:"Freshman Seminars under the title 'Topics in Literature' will afford entering students who are considering literary study as their major the opportunity to explore a particular and limited subject with a professor whose current work lies in that area. Topics may range from the lyric poems of Shakespeare's period to the ethnic fiction of contemporary America. Small class-size will insure all students the opportunity to participate in lively discussions. Students may expect frequent and extensive writing assignments, but these seminars are not writing courses; rather, they are intensive introductions to the serious study of literature. One of them may be counted toward the English major and may be applied to a period, genre, or thematic requirement within the major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAIN GROUP CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"41098", path:"/courses/41098", description:"This course encompasses a comprehensive survey of the chemistry and properties of the p-block elements of the periodic table. Topics include syntheses, structures and reactivities of important compounds. In addition, alternative bonding theories which have been used to explain the unique properties of thesecompounds are critically examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATICS & STRENTH OF MAT", number:"null", id:"37490", path:"/courses/37490", description:"This course is primarily intended for students in mechanical engineering, but may also be of interest to students in materials science and other fields. It continues the treatment of statics of rigid bodies begun in MEAM 110/PHYS 150 and progresses to the treatment of deformable bodies and their response to loads. The concepts of stress, strain, and linearly elastic response are introduced and applied to the behavior of rods, shafts, beams and other mechanical components. The failure and design of mechanical components are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD HEB LIT & CULT TRANS: FANTASY DREAMS & MADNESS", number:"null", id:"43195", path:"/courses/43195", description:"This course follows and analyzes the transformations in Israeli literature and cinema. The focus and the specific topic of the study changes from semester to semester. Topics include: The Holocaust; The Image of Childhood; Dream, Fantasy and Madness; Love and War; The Many Voices of Israel; The Image of the City; and other topics. While Israeli works constitute much of the course's material, European and American film and fiction play comparative roles. 5-6 film screenings per semester; The content of this course changes from semester to semester, and therefore, students may take it for credit more than once. This topic course explores aspects of Hebrew Literature, Film, and Culture. Specific course topics vary from semester to semester. See the Cinema and Media Studies (...NELC, JWST, ENGL, COML) website for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHNIC HUMOR", number:"null", id:"36207", path:"/courses/36207", description:"Humor in ethnic societies has two dimensions: internal and external. The inside humor of an ethnic group is accessible to its members; it draws upon their respective social structures, historical and social experiences, languages, cultural symbols, and social and economic circumstances and aspirations. The external humor of an ethnic group targets members of other ethnic groups, and draws upon their stereotypes, and attributed characteristics by other ethnic groups. The external ethnic humor flourishes in immigrant and ethnically heterogenic societies. In both cases jokes and humor are an integral part of social interaction, and in their performance relate to the social, economic, and political dynamics of traditional and modern societies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"43422", path:"/courses/43422", description:"This seminar will focus on how visual information is processed by the eye and the brain to produce visual perception. These issues will be explored through lectures and student presentations of journal articles, combined with Matlab- based tutorials and exercises. The course requires no prior knowledge of visual processing, math, or computer programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"40000", path:"/courses/40000", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide the framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO QUANTITATIVE METHODS FOR POLICY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"39796", path:"/courses/39796", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic mathematical tools and ideas that support quantitative policy analysis. By the end of the semester, students will be able to identify and explain measures of central tendency and variation for catergorical and continuous variables; describe the statistical relationship between two variables; conduct and explain 'foundational' statistical tests, including hypothesis testing and linear regression analysis; manipulate data sets and write simple statistical programs in Stata.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED HUMAN ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY & PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT I", number:"null", id:"39034", path:"/courses/39034", description:"This is the first part of a two-semester course designed to provide a comprehensive study of the structure and function of the human body along with essential embryology and maturational physiology. Histological and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms that enable the human body to maintain homeostasis. Within each system, deviations from normal are considered to situate the student's understanding of health problems and to foster an appreciation for the complexity of the human organism. Integrated into each topic are the correlated physical assessment parameters and related procedural skills. Laboratories exercises and case study analysis provide a contextual base to acquire and use domain-specific knowledge of concern to the practice of nursing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED 3D MODELING", number:"null", id:"42797", path:"/courses/42797", description:"Advanced 3-D Modeling will give students the opportunity to refine skills in modeling, texturing, lighting and rendering with an emphasis on the evolution of ideas through constant revision based on class critique. Students will use a variety of industry standard software packages, including, but not limited to Maya and Mudbox to compose complex environments. Projects are designed to give students the opportunity to work with original content within a simulated production environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARISON, COSMOPOLITANISM, AND THE GLOBAL NOVEL", number:"null", id:"42672", path:"/courses/42672", description:"Literature does not exist for your protection. So dangerous is it, that Socrates argued poets ought to be banned from his ideal Republic. And Socrates himself--one of the most subversive of all poetic thinkers--was condemned to death for corrupting the young with his speeches. All great literature is unsettling and alarming. Along with its beauty and delicacy and rhetorical power and ethical force, it can be terrifyingly sublime and even downright ugly: full of contempt and horror and grandiosity and malice. From Socrates' day to our own, countless writers have been jailed, exiled, and murdered, their works censored, banned, burned, for daring to say what others wish would remain unsaid--about religion and the State; sexuality, gender, and the body; art, science, and commerce; freedom and order; love and hate--and for saying it in ways that are aesthetically innovative, surprising, seductive, ravishingly unanticipated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREP THROUGH ACQUIS.", number:"null", id:"37542", path:"/courses/37542", description:"This course focuses on the theoretical and practical issues of acquiring a business. Topics include: locating a business, due diligence, reviewing and analyzing data, valuation, raising capital/financing the deal, structuring the acquisition, and integrating the target. 

Format: The class consists of lectures, in-class discussions of caselets, assigned readings, homework problems, and a group project", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFECTIOUS DISEASE BIO", number:"null", id:"38222", path:"/courses/38222", description:"This course focuses on selected topics concerning infectious agents, the diseases they cause in humans, and the social and scientific challenges they pose. The first section addresses the principles of epidemiology and microbial pathogenesis, as well as pathophysiology of infectious diseases. In the second section, tools and techniques of diagnosis, tracking, and control of infectious diseases will be discussed. To develop a broad understanding of the many different aspects of infectious processes, selected viral, fungal, protozoan, and helminthic pathogens and related infectious diseases will be presented. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSIC RUS LIT TODAY", number:"null", id:"40659", path:"/courses/40659", description:"This course is intended for students who have spoken Russian at home and seek to improve their capabilities in formal and professional uses of the Russian language. A study of classic Russian literature in the original. Readings will consist of some of the greatest works of 19th and 20th-century authors, such as Pushkin, Gogol, Tolstoy, Dostoevsky, and Bulgakov. Students will examine various forms and genres of literature, learn basic techniques of literary criticism, and explore the way literature is translated into film and other media. An additional focus of the course will be on examining the uses and interpretations of classic literature and elitist culture in contemporary Russian society. Observing the interplay of the 'high' and 'low' in Russian cultural tradition, students will develop methodology of cultural analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON FOR BUS", number:"null", id:"41243", path:"/courses/41243", description:"The first part of the course covers basic microeconomic concepts such as opportunity cost, comparative advantage, supply and demand, importance of costs and revenues under perfect competition vs. monopoly, externalities and public goods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"39982", path:"/courses/39982", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Coming of Age in Latin America", number:"null", id:"36553", path:"/courses/36553", description:"Topics vary. See the Romance Languages Department's website at http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"42413", path:"/courses/42413", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
