CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ISSUES IN MIDWIFERY", number:"null", id:"41893", path:"/courses/41893", description:"In-depth discussion of current issues facing the profession of nurse-midwifery which impact on professional education, certification, and practice. Includes ethical, legal, and political aspects of nurse-midwifery practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULTERY NOVEL", number:"null", id:"41187", path:"/courses/41187", description:"The object of this course is to analyze narratives of adultery from Shakespeare to the present and to develop a vocabulary for thinking critically about the literary conventions and social values that inform them. Many of the themes (of desire, transgression, suspicion, discovery) at the heart of these stories also lie at the core of many modern narratives. Is there anything special, we will ask, about the case of adultery--once called 'a crime which contains within itself all others'? What might these stories teach us about the way we read in general? By supplementing classic literary accounts by Shakespeare, Pushkin, Flaubert, Chekhov, and Proust with films and with critical analyses, we will analyze the possibilities and limitations of the different genres and forms under discussion, including novels, films, short stories, and theatre. What can these forms show us (or not show us)about desire, gender, family and social obligation? Through supplementary readings and class discussions, we will apply a range of critical approaches to place these narratives of adultery in a social and literary context, including formal analyses of narrative and style, feminist criticism, Marxist and sociological analyses of the family, and psychoanalytic understandings of desire and family life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COMM: U.S. CELEBRITY CULTURES", number:"null", id:"40808", path:"/courses/40808", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Communications, the interdisciplinary study of the processes of human communication. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPROVISATION - HISTORY, THEORY, PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"40761", path:"/courses/40761", description:"This course will examine a specific aspect of theatrical practice, taught by a visiting professional theatre artist. The course, with different topics, may be repeated for credit. Recent topics have included performance art, Jacques LeCoq technique, Suzuki, and Viewpoints.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING FILIPINO I&II", number:"null", id:"36694", path:"/courses/36694", description:"An introduction to the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This will prepare and develop students' basic skills in speaking, listening, reading and writing Filipino at its beginning level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"45189", path:"/courses/45189", description:"This course examines the art and science of negotiation. This course develops managerial skills by combining lectures with practice, using exercises where students negotiate with each other. Over the course of the semester, students will engage in a number of simulated negotiations ranging from simple one issue transactions to multi-party joint ventures. Through these exercises and associated readings, students explore the basic theoretical models of bargaining and have an opportunity to test and improve their negotiation skills. Cross-listed with LGST 806/OPIM 691.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE DESIGN/ENGINEER", number:"null", id:"42541", path:"/courses/42541", description:"You know how to write a 'program'. But how do you create a software 'product' as part of a team, with customers that have expectations of functionality and quality? This course introduces students to various tools (source control, automated build systems, programming environments, test automation, etc.) and processes (design, implementation, testing, and maintenance) that are used by professionals in the field of software engineering. Topics will include: software development lifecycle; agile and test-driven development; source control and continuous integration; requirements analysis; object-oriented design and testability; mobile and/or web application development; software testing; refactoring ; and software quality metrics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN OPIM", number:"null", id:"37729", path:"/courses/37729", description:"The specific content of this course varies form semester to semester, depending on student and faculty interests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - FIN TECH", number:"null", id:"44217", path:"/courses/44217", description:"The course exposes students to this fast-growing and exciting intersection between finance (Fin) and technology (Tech) while emphasizing the role data and analytics play. The course is structured around three main FinTech areas: (i) Lending/Banking services, (ii) Clearing (iii) Trading. It provides specific coverage and examples of developments from(1) peer-to-peer lending, (2) blockchain and distributed ledgers, (3) networks and their use in trading, and (4) algo trading and its use of non-standard inputs. In each of these areas, we start by analyzing the marketplace, and the incumbents, and the business case and strategies of the incoming technology-based players, while understanding the role data and analytics play in driving the technology-based services. The course is built arund a large number of examples and cases, guest lectures, student presentations, and group projects. Student are thus expected to work in teams and demonstrate a high level of independent learning and initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE IV", number:"null", id:"42505", path:"/courses/42505", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN111, this is the fourth course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given every other week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"44556", path:"/courses/44556", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to develop and implement powerful models of customer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these methods for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales forecasting, analyses of media usage, customer valuation, and targeted marketing programs. These same techniques are also very useful for other types of business (and non-business) problems. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM & THE PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"36981", path:"/courses/36981", description:"This course will examine the vital aspect of communication as a tool of the modern Presidency. Reading and class discussions will focus on case studies drawn from modern Presidential administrations (beginning with FDR) that demonstrate the elements of successful and unsuccessful Presidential initiatives and the critical factor of communication, common to both. This course is also an introduction to primary research methods and to the use of primary research materials in the Presidential Library system. Applications for course available in the Undergraduate Office. Preference given to ComPS students. Majors only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TELUGU I", number:"null", id:"37976", path:"/courses/37976", description:"This course is designed to expand the students' basic language skills in Telugu in order to allow them to function adequately in a Telugu-speaking environment, to immerse themselves in the rich Andhra culture, and to accomplish a more advanced competency in an interesting foreign language. This course is also aimed at students planning to conduct scholarly research in Telugu history, literature or society, or humanities or social science fieldwork in Telugu speaking areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"35598", path:"/courses/35598", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANIMAL MINDS", number:"null", id:"39151", path:"/courses/39151", description:"In this course, we will examine philosophical issues in nonhuman animal cognition. We will consider questions such as the following: Do nonhuman animals use concepts? How do we assess different interpretations of their behaviour? What is the role of anthropomorphism in thinking about nonhuman animal cognition? How are intelligence and sociality related?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA ARABIC", number:"null", id:"42349", path:"/courses/42349", description:"This course trains students to be proficient with written materials and media in MSA. This class will explore the Middle East through timely analysis of Arabic media as well as original analysis of the ideological, intellectual, social, cultural, and religious background to current events, including the Arab Spring and its aftermath. It is intended that, upon completion of this course, students will be able to work independently with a variety of media texts at different levels. Taught in MSA with writing assignments in MSA.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ENVIR DESIGN: PEOPLE & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39410", path:"/courses/39410", description:"The built environment of a city is more than a mere backdrop; the design can actually affect people's experiences. Environmental design primarily focuses on the relationship between people and the built environment. It also looks at how the built environment interacts with the natural one (and the potential for greater sustainability). This course will allow students to gain a deeper understanding of how people create, perceive, and use the designed environment. We'll approach these concepts by analyzing design at a variety of scales, from products to interior design to architecture. Finally, using that knowledge, we'll conclude by analyzing urban spaces of the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AN OVERVIEW OF MODERNIST MASTERPIECES PRODUCED IN 1922", number:"null", id:"41309", path:"/courses/41309", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary modernism intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Past offerings have included seminars on the avant-garde, on the politics of modernism, and on its role in shaping poetry, music, and the visual arts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ZULU II", number:"null", id:"35252", path:"/courses/35252", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING SPACE AND PUBLIC ART", number:"null", id:"39981", path:"/courses/39981", description:"The French social philosopher Michel de Certeau upset the common understanding of the relationship between space and place by elevating space as practice place. By this, he meant that place is but a set of geo-physical particularities that has no dynamic meaning unless activated through social engagement so that space is produced. Spatial practice is a key concept in the modern understanding of the city as a society of abstract space, one in which the problem of human alienation is riven with the logic of spatial spectacularization. Public Art is often employed to address or mollify such urban problems through concepts of historical reconstruction or institutional critique, including possibly testing the limits of public expression. Historical markers play a somewhat different role by calling attention to lost or negative histories, albeit most often vetted through the language of tourism factoids. This course will examine the discursive issues at play in respect to art and markers, particularly for Philadelphia. Additionally, important public art works from around the world will be examined. The course will also include the occasional visit of several key works downtown in which the question of what can and cannot said will be pondered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH ADULTS", number:"null", id:"45240", path:"/courses/45240", description:"Assessment and treatment of younger adults in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this clinical course.The course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with most common health problems, including acute episodic illness. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, maturational tasks and problems of the adult and family in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANIMALS IN SCI MED TECH", number:"null", id:"40747", path:"/courses/40747", description:"This course examines different ways of knowing about animals, categorizing animals and relating to animals, through the sciences, medicine, and technological practices. It will explore the history of animals in human society, changes over time in human-animal relationships, and different sites of human-animal relationships and of knowledge production about animals. Topics may include: domestication, animal breeding, work animals and pets, animal archaeology, veterinary medicine, zoos, wildlife science and management and animal welfare. This is a seminar that will include visiting speakers, workshop exercises, films, and on-campus field trips. Student will write several short papers and a research project", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TURKISH CULT&MEDIA I", number:"null", id:"37992", path:"/courses/37992", description:"This course is for students who are from all different levels of Turkish knowledge. They are expected to write and talk about Turkish movies, culture, politics according to their own level and pace. They will talk to Turkish visitors and interview them. Turkish movies will be the part of the course and once a month, students will watch a Turkish movie and analyze it. Discussions will take place and students will write essays about the movie. This course is designed with a technology-rich, project based approach. The materials will go beyond instruction in grammar and vocabulary to support the acquisition of socio-cultural pragmatics, and intercultural learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING STUDIO", number:"null", id:"39960", path:"/courses/39960", description:"Painting Studio presents an ongoing exploration of the techniques, problems and poetics of painting, the nuances of the painting language, and the development of a personal direction. A wide variety of problems will address such issues as color, composition, and the development of imagery, process, and content. Students are expected to improve in technical handling of paints and move towards developing personal modes of seeing, interpreting, and thinking for themselves. This course introduces different topics, strategies and individual challenges each semester, so it may be repeated with advanced course numbers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"35979", path:"/courses/35979", description:"A first semester elementary language course for students who have never studied Italian or who have had very little exposure to the language. Students who have previously studied Italian are required to take the placement test. Class work emphasizes the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN&TECH OF APP MATH II", number:"null", id:"38509", path:"/courses/38509", description:"This course is a continuatin of ENM 520 (or equivalent) and deals with classcial methods in applied mathematics. The topics to be covered include: Functions of a Complex Variable, Partial Differential Equations, Asymptotic and Perturbawtin Methods, and Convex Analysis and Variational Methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF RACE", number:"null", id:"41963", path:"/courses/41963", description:"Historically, philosophical questions about race have been about the nature and reality of race, the nature of racism, and social or political questions related to race or racism. In fitting with that history, the first part of the course will focus on the nature and reality of race, as understood in biology and as understood by ordinary people. We will begin by looking at biological race theories from Francois Bernier in 1684 to Pigliucci and Kaplan in 2003. Next, we will look at the philosophical work that has been done on the nature and reality of race as ordinarily understood in the contemporary United States. We will discuss racial anti-realism, social constructionism about race, and biological racial realism from well-known philosophers of race like Anthony Appiah, Sally Haslanger, and Joshua Glasgow. The second part of the course will focus on the nature of racism and social or political questions related to race or racism. In our discussion of racism, we will cover, at least, intrinsic racism, extrinsic racism, and institutional racism. In our discussion of social or political issues related to race or racism, we will look at whether any US racial groups should be used to diagnose, study, or treat genetic disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35398", path:"/courses/35398", description:"Theories and mechanisms of evolution, with emphasis on the genetic basis of evolutionary change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPS IN INTL STUDIES", number:"null", id:"35972", path:"/courses/35972", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR LDRSHIP EKG LAB", number:"null", id:"39055", path:"/courses/39055", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"37460", path:"/courses/37460", description:"Students who are interested in math or science might also want to consider a more challenging Honors version of Calculus II and III, Math 116 and Math 260 (the analogues of Math 114 and Math 240, respectively). These courses will cover essentially the same material as 114 and 240, but more in depth and involve discussion of the underlying theory as well as computations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRK WRLD AFTER ALEX GRT", number:"null", id:"35268", path:"/courses/35268", description:"This class is designed as a detailed investigation of the world created by Alexander the Great. We will cover the three hundred year period known as the Hellenistic Age from the career of Alexander the Great (354-323 BC) until the defeat of Antony and Cleopatra at the Battle of Actium (31 BC). This was a period during which the world of the Greeks underwent extraordinary and far-reaching changes, as Greek culture was established as far afield as northwestern India, central Asia and Egypt. In the same period kingdoms controlled by Alexanders's Successors used Greek culture to define their rule, establishing a Greek culture of the elite in regions which previously had been dominated by the Persians. As Greek and non-Greek worlds collided, a new interpretation of Greek culture emerged, giving rise, among other things, to universities and professional schools, state subsidized health care, triumphalist architecture, the heroization of the noble savage, coinage with royal portraits, the deification of men and a multitude of other social, artistic and political forms familiar to us. It was an age of radical change, dislocation, as Greek populations colonized regions previously unkown to them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE FOUNDERS OF ISRAELI LIT: YEHOSHUA, OZ, AMICHAI", number:"null", id:"44604", path:"/courses/44604", description:"This course follows and analyzes the transformations in Israeli literature and cinema. The focus and the specific topic of the study changes from semester to semester. Topics include: The Holocaust; The Image of Childhood; Dream, Fantasy and Madness; Love and War; The Many Voices of Israel; The Image of the City; and other topics. While Israeli works constitute much of the course's material, European and American film and fiction play comparative roles. 5-6 film screenings per semester; The content of this course changes from semester to semester, and therefore, students may take it for credit more than once. This topic course explores aspects of Hebrew Literature, Film, and Culture. Specific course topics vary from semester to semester. See the Cinema and Media Studies (...NELC, JWST, ENGL, COML) website for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAMIFICATION FOR BUS", number:"null", id:"37419", path:"/courses/37419", description:"Gamification means using the techniques of digital game design to serve business and social impact objectives. The video game industry is now bigger than Hollywood because well-designed games take advantage of both technology and psychology. Gamification takes the elements of games and applies them to real-world environments. Major companies and fast-growing startups now use it in marketing, human resources, innovation processes, healthand wellness, education, and customer engagement. 

This course examines the mechanisms of gamification their effective use in business or other contexts. No particular technical skills or game knowledge are required. The focus is on gamification as a design practice, which it rooted in research on human motivation and implemented through online systems and social media. To illustrate these concepts, the course itself will be gamified.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41744", path:"/courses/41744", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems. The course uses a combination of cases, simulation and readings. The cases are drawn primarily from technology-based industries. Note, however, that the case disucssions are mainly based on strategic (not technical) issues. Hence, a technical background is not required for fruitful participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"41618", path:"/courses/41618", description:"A continuation of Japanese language beyond the language requirement.Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (Unit 1-Unit 5) Kanji:reproduction-approx.330/recognitio-approx.450", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"History of the Spanish Language", number:"null", id:"40717", path:"/courses/40717", description:"A survey treatment of the development of Latin to modern Spanish, with emphasis on relations between external history and the development of grammatical structure and vocabulary, and major sound shifts. Lectures and discussions of reading.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED PORTUGUESE II", number:"null", id:"39199", path:"/courses/39199", description:"This is a forth-semester intermediate course, in a four-course strand, designed for students who have taken at least three semesters of Portuguese. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production, grammar and language structures, and vocabulary at the advanced intermediate level. Students will explore movies, readings, news, music and other media as they further develop speaking, writing, reading and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO MODERN HEBREW LIT: THE HEBREW SHORT STORY", number:"null", id:"41534", path:"/courses/41534", description:"The objective of this course is to develop an artistic appreciation for literature through in-depth class discussions and text analysis. Readings are comprised of Israeli poetry and short stories. Students examine how literary language expresses psychological and cultural realms. The course covers topics such as: the short story reinvented, literature and identity, and others. Because the content of this course changes from year to year, students may take it for credit more than once. This course is conducted in Hebrew and all readings are in Hebrew.Grading is based primarily on participation and students' literary understanding.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURIAL MKTG", number:"null", id:"40335", path:"/courses/40335", description:"This course focuses on the key marketing concepts and methods relevant for entrepreneurs. In particular, it covers the marketing elements of new venture initiation (including a business plan), as well as marketing decisions for small and growing organizations. Topics include product/service design, assessment of market potential, creation of successful distribution relationships, and new product pricing. In contrast to the product development course, the emphasis here is on a new startup business rather than a new offering from an existing business. Topics covered in this course also include low-budget or no-budget market research, successful strategic alternatives for small business, alternatives to high-cost advertising (e.g., direct marketing, alternative media, and personal selling) segmentation, and targeted marketing. Students will prepare a marketing plan for an entrepreneurial organization of their choice, possibly for a new venture they are considering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODELS FOR MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"37562", path:"/courses/37562", description:"In today's business environment, marketing executives are involved in complex decision-making and they become responsible for return on their marketing investments. The first objective of this course is to help participants become better executives. By exposing students to various analytical and computer-based tools, developed for solving marketing problems, it will help to prepare them for careers in industries such as consumer packaged goods, hi-tech, financial services, media and entertainment, pharmaceutical, consulting, and venture capital. The course's main focus is on various existing models, such as models that predict the consumer's dynamic adoption of an innovative product. However, at some point in their career, students may find themselves facing business problems for which a model can assist in making decisions, but no existing model is available. Hence, the second objective of the course is to provide participants with critical skills necessary to evaluate new models to which they may be exposed by attending presentations or reading the literature. The models to be discussed in the class have been implemented and proven useful in a wide range of industries (e.g., business-to-consumers and business-to-business). 

The course is not only about models, however. It also covers modeling needs. Some industries such as the media and entertainment or the pharmaceutical industries present unique problems and modeling needs. The third objective of the course is to expose participants to the nature and essence of such idiosyncratic problems as well as modeling needs in such industries. Overall, the course will make participants understand better critical marketing problems by analyzing them rigorously and will enhance their skills in either designing or evaluating models-based strategies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SANSKRIT 1ST YEAR PART I", number:"null", id:"40672", path:"/courses/40672", description:"During the first semester of beginning Sanskrit, students will be introduced to the script, phonetics, and grammar of the Sanskrit language. By the end of the semester they will be able to begin to read Sanskrit texts and compose Sanskrit sentences in addition to carrying out simple conversation. They will build the requisite skills to read, by the second semester, simple inscriptions and sections from texts like the Ramayana, the Mahabharata, the Bhagavad Gita, Pancatantra, and Yoga Sutra. Students will also be introduced to many features of Sanskrit culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY & ITS IMPACTS", number:"null", id:"41234", path:"/courses/41234", description:"The objective is to introduce students to one of the most dominating and compelling areas of human existence and endeavor: energy, with its foundations in technology, from a quantitative sustainability viewpoint with its association to economics and impacts on environment and society. This introduction is intended both for general education and awareness and for preparation for careers related to this field, with emphasis on explaining the technological foundation. The course spans from basic principles to applications. A review of energy consumption, use, and resources; environmental impacts, sustainability and design of sustainable energy systems; introductory aspects of energy economics and carbon trading; methods of energy analysis; forecasting; energy storage; electricity generation and distribution systems (steam and gas turbine based power plans, fuel cells), fossil fuel energy (gas, oil, coal) including nonconventional types (shale gas and oil, oil sands, coalbed and tight-sand gas), nuclear energy wastes: brief introduction to renewable energy use: brief introduction to solar, wind, hydroelectric, geothermal, biomass; energy for buildings, energy for transportation (cars, aircraft, and ships); prospects for future energy systems: fusion power, power generation in space.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF SEXUALITY IN US", number:"null", id:"44332", path:"/courses/44332", description:"This course introduces students to a relatively new field of inquiry, the history of sexuality in the U.S. It explores the past to consider why sexuality has been so central to American identities, culture, and politics. Primary documents and other readings focus on the history of sexual ideology and regulation; popular culture and changing sexual practices; the emergence of distinct sexual identities and communities; the politics of sexuality; and the relationship between sexual and and other forms of social difference, such as gender, race, ethnicity, age, and class. Topics include many with continuing relevance to contemporary public debate: among them, sexual representation and censorship, sexual violence, adolescent sexuality, the politics of reproduction, gay and lesbian sexualities and sexually transmitted diseases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"38192", path:"/courses/38192", description:"Progress in behavioral neuroscience and brain imaging techniques, such as functional and structural Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Positron Emission Tomography (PET) has forced the courts to reconsider the role of behavioral sciences in courtroom decision-making. The goal of this course is to enable students understand and interpret the use of behavioral neuroscience evidence in the justice system. The course will introduce the students to the relevant behavioral neuroscience constructs, principles of brain imaging and rules of scientific evidence. Students will be asked to use this introductory knowledge to critically evaluate the use of brain imaging and other behavioral neuroscience techniques as evidence in representative legal cases. For each case, students will serve as neuroscience experts for the defense or prosecution and prepare, present and defend their testimony against the opposing team. Through this course, students will develop the ability to critically evaluate brain imaging and other neuroscience data in forensic and legal settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"37262", path:"/courses/37262", description:"Designed for the beginning student with no previous knowledge of German. German 101, as the first course in the first-year series, focuses on the development of language competence in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in simple conversations about familiar things, know greetings and everyday expressions, they will be ble to count and tell time, and negate sentences in day-to-day contexts. Furthermore, students will be able to speak about events that happened in the immediate past and express plans for the future. In addition, students will have developed reading strategies that allow them to glean information from simple newspaper and magazine articles and short literary texts. Because cultural knowledge is one of the foci of German 101, students will learn much about practical life in Germany and will explore German-speaking cultures on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DAOIST TRADITIONS", number:"null", id:"42618", path:"/courses/42618", description:"This course examines the history of various intellectual and religious traditions that came to be known as Daoist (or Taoist in the Wade-Giles Romanization). We will begin with a critical review of the twentieth-century reinvention of Daoism and the new classification of religious versus philosophical Daoism, before tracing chronologically the textual, institutional, and social history of Daoist traditions from the fourth century B.C.E. While familiarizing students with the key concepts, practices, and organizations developed in the history of Daoism, this class emphasizes the specific socio-political context of each of them. Throughout the course, we will think critically about the labeling of Daoist (as well as Confucian and Buddhist) in Chinese history and in modern scholarship. We will also question modern demarcations between philosophy, religion, and science, as well as that between the spiritual and the physical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORICAL SYNTAX", number:"null", id:"38867", path:"/courses/38867", description:"Introduction to the study of the syntax of languages attested only in historical corpora. The course will cover methods and results in the grammatical description of such languages and in the diachronic study of syntactic change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"", number:"null", id:"38943", path:"/courses/38943", description:"The basic thesis of this elective course is that many social problems, if attacked entrepreneurially, create opportunities for launching businesses that simultaneously generate profits and alleviate the societal problem. This approach generates societal wealth as well as entrepreneurial wealth. The course is distinguished from public sector initiatives to address social problems. Student teams are expected to develop a plan to launch a social enterprise. The teams will also generate presentations of two proposals focused on the identification of opportunities for large established firms to create a bottom of the pyramid business that will significantly boost social wealth in a target country.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMAL LOGIC II", number:"null", id:"40519", path:"/courses/40519", description:"An introduction to first-order logic including the completeness, compactness, and Lowenheim-Skolem theorems, and Godel's incompleteness theorems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPIGENETICS OF HUMAN HEALTH AND DISEASE", number:"null", id:"43834", path:"/courses/43834", description:"Epigenetic alterations encompass heritable, non-genetic changes to chromatin (the polymer of DNA plus histone proteins) that influence cellular and organismal processes. This course will examine epigenetic mechanisms in directing development from the earliest stages of growth, and in maintaining normal cellular homeostasis during life. We will also explore how diverse epigenetic processes are at the heart of numerous human disease states. We will review topics ranging from an historical perspective of the discovery of epigenetic mechanisms to the use of modern technology and drug development to target epigenetic mechanisms to increase healthy lifespan and combat human disease. The course will involve a combination of didactic lectures, primary scientific literature and research lectures, and student-led presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"41697", path:"/courses/41697", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FUNDAMENTALS I", number:"null", id:"40952", path:"/courses/40952", description:"This studio course develops drawing and model-making skills with emphasis on digital representation and digital fabrication. The capacity of nature-inspired design is explored as a foundation for the creative production of new forms of expression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE BEHAVIORAL STRATEGIES IN HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"43240", path:"/courses/43240", description:"Cognitive therapy will be studied as it has been adapted to treat a broad spectrum of clinical disorders including depression, anxiety, phobias, substance, obesity, marital problems, sexual dysfunction, and psychosomatic disorders. Students will have an opportunity to study and observe the crucial link between thoughts and emotions and the sense of competency patients can develop through self-help techniques. The course utilizes didactic, experiential and observational techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"43654", path:"/courses/43654", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"35497", path:"/courses/35497", description:"How do you optimally encode a text file? How do you find shortest paths in a map? How do you desgin a communication network? How do you route data in a network? What are the limits of efficient computation? This course gives a comprehensive introduction to design and analysis of algorithms, and answers along the way to these and many other interesting computational questions. You will learn about problem-solving; advanced data structures such as universal hashing and red-black trees; advanced design and analysis techniques such as dynamic programming and amortized analysis; graph algorithms such as minimum spanning trees and network flos; NP-completeness theory; and approximation algorithms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"39102", path:"/courses/39102", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of the childbearing women and their families in primary care settings. The course presents the opportunity to implement the role of the Nurse Practitioner with the childbearing woman and her family. The focus is on comprehensive physical, psychosocial and educational management of women and their families during pregnancy and postpartum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP RESP AND ETHICS", number:"null", id:"40211", path:"/courses/40211", description:"This course explores business responsibility from rival theoretical and managerial perspectives. Its focus includes theories of ethics and their application to case studies in business. Topics include moral issues in advertising and sales; hiring and promotion; financial management; corporate pollution; product safety; and decision-making across borders and cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ENTERPRISING MUSICIAN AND ARTIST", number:"null", id:"43179", path:"/courses/43179", description:"This course aims to provide students with the skills to ensure that the art they create achieves the maximum impact for their audiences and communities, for their respective fields, and for themselves. The course will also examine the relationship between entrepreneurship and individual artistic development. After arriving at an appropriate definition of entrepreneurship and how it can apply to music and the arts, students will explore the development of creativity and innovation and how that leads to idea generation. Students will then receive instruction in such areas as marketing, fundraising, financial management, and business planning. Guest lectures and the examination of case studies will supplement the instructor's lectures. The course will culminate with each student completing and presenting an individual project and participating in a group project in which the class partners with a local arts organization. Can be counted as a music minor elective only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND OF ACTUARIAL SCI I", number:"null", id:"37950", path:"/courses/37950", description:"This course is the usual entry point in the actuarial science program. It is required for students who plan to concentrate or minor in actuarial science. It can also be taken by others interested in the mathematics of personal finance and the use of mortality tables. For future actuaries, it provides the necessary knowledge of compound interest and its applications, and basic life contingencies definition to be used throughout their studies. Non-actuaries will be introduced to practical applications of finance mathematics, such as loan amortization and bond pricing, and premium calculation of typical life insurance contracts. Main topics include annuities, loans and bonds; basic principles of life contingencies and determination of annuity and insurance benefits and premiums.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"42006", path:"/courses/42006", description:"Portuguese 134 is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING II", number:"null", id:"43642", path:"/courses/43642", description:"Covers liabilities and equities, especially long-term debt, convertible securities, equity issuance, dividends, share repurchases, employee stock options, pensions, leases, deferred tax, and derivative securities. Related topics covered include computation of diluted earnings per share, disclosure issues, earnings management, and basic financial statement analysis of cash flows.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABORATORY ELECTRONICS", number:"null", id:"37773", path:"/courses/37773", description:"A laboratory-intensive survey of analog and digital electronics, intended to teach students of physics or related fields enough electronics to be comfortable learning additional topics on their own from a reference such as Horowitz and Hill. Specific topics will vary from year to year from the selection of topics listed below. Analog topics may include voltage dividers, impedance, filters, operational amplifier circuits, and transistor circuits. Digital topics may include logic gates, finite-state machines, programmable logic devices, digital-to-analog and analog-to-digital conversion, and microcomputer concepts. Recommended for students planning to do experimental work in physical science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING/MEDIEVAL INDIA: The Making of Medieval India", number:"null", id:"37884", path:"/courses/37884", description:"This course will provide an in-depth understanding of South Asia in what is often called its 'medieval' period--from the rise of the great temple kingdoms until the end of the Delhi Sultanate in the sixteenth century (c. 500 CE - c. 1500 CE). This millenium is arguably one of the most transformative in South Asia's history, a period when many of its most distinctive social and cultural features evolved. The course will provide both an overview of the period as well as an introduction to major interpretations and types of sources (textual, visual, and archaeological). The focus throughout the course will be on the heterogeneous development of states, societies and cultures with special attention to long-term processes of transformation. One set of themes explored will be largely social and economic, focusing on the development of agrarian and peasant societies, aristocracies and intellectuals, as well as the role of mercantile, pastoralist, nomadic and forest-living groups. Another set of themes will explore cultural transformation, including the development, transformation and interaction of religious practices, the emergence of cosmopolitan and regional literary cultures, and the rise of distinctive urban, courtly, and rural world views. 

Special themes of discussion may include violence and manners, material cultures, religious conflict, devotional religion and gender relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"40153", path:"/courses/40153", description:"This course focuses on health and healing in the colonial and post-colonial world. We give special attention to local healing under condition of domination, to definitions of the body and the person in biomedicine and in non-European healing traditions, and to th epolitical and cultural place of medicine in regions which have experienced colonial rule.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TRANSFORMATION OF URBAN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"39404", path:"/courses/39404", description:"The course traces the economic, social, and political history of American cities after World War II. It focuses on how the economic problems of the industrial city were compounded by the racial conflicts of the 1950s and 1960s and the fiscal crises of the 1970s. The last part of the course examines the forces that have led to the revitalization of cities in recent years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"E-HEALTH:BUSINESS MODELS: E-Health: Business Models and Impact", number:"null", id:"35892", path:"/courses/35892", description:"This course will introduce students to the main components of Health Information Technology (HIT) and how HIT currently effects, and in the future, may change health care operating models. Although it will not prepare students for primary technology management positions, it will help them understand the role of information technology in the success of the delivery system and other important healthcare processes. It will provide a foundation that will prepare them as managers, investors and consultants to rely upon or manage information technology to accomplish delivery system objectives. The course will give special attention to key health care processes, and topics such as the drive for provider quality and cost improvements, the potential ability to leverage clinical data for care improvement and product development, the growth of new information technologies for consumer directed healthcare and telemedicine, the strategies and economics of individual HIT companies and the role of government. The course relies heavily on industry leaders to share their ideas and experiences with students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"42883", path:"/courses/42883", description:"A continuation of GRMN 103. Expands students writing and speaking competence in German, increases vocabulary and helps students practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on weekly readings of literary and non-literary texts to facilitate exchange of information, ideas, reactions, and opinions. In addition, the readings provide cultural and historical background information. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, however, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. Students will conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ASAM: MINORITIES AND THE MEDIA", number:"null", id:"40803", path:"/courses/40803", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Asian American Studies, an interdisciplinary examination of the history, experiences, cultures, and policies relevant to Asian Americans. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"38408", path:"/courses/38408", description:"The goal of this course is to teach students of engineering and applied science to be effective negotiators. It aims to improve the way these students communicate i virtually any human interaction. The course intends to improve the ability of engineers and other technology disciplines to gain more support more quickly for projects, researc product and services development, and marketing. For those wanting to be entrepreneurs o r intrapreneurs, the course is designed essentially to find the most value possible in starting up and running companies. Based on Professor Diamond's innovative and renowned model of negotiation, it is intended to assist those for whom technical expertise is not enough to persuade others, internally and externally, to provide resources, promotions and project approvals; or to resolve disputes, solve problems and gain more opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"From the Classical to the Middle Classes", number:"null", id:"42197", path:"/courses/42197", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice in Europe and Asia from Fifth-Century Athens to roughly the end of the Eighteenth Century. In addition to analyzing major dramatic works, this course examines the evolution of production methods - scenography, acting, costuming, theatre architecture - across cultures and key socio-historical moments. Readings will be drawn from historical research, theoretical writings, plays and contemporary social documents. A particular focus will be on the integral role that the theatre plays as a cultural institution in the ongoing civic life of major cities. The course approaches theatre as broadly interdisciplinary and examines its intersection with religious practice, political developments, national identity, geography, the visual arts and the urban landscape.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS: Managing the Productive Core of the Firm: Business Analytics", number:"null", id:"36306", path:"/courses/36306", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARIS IN FILM", number:"null", id:"44239", path:"/courses/44239", description:"Latter-day examples like Christophe Honore's Dans Paris, Cedric Klapisch's Paris or the international omnibus Paris, je t'aime (with each director paying homage to a distinctive 'arrondissement' of the capital), not to mention American blockbusters like The Da Vinci Code and Inception or Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris, are there to remind us that there is something special -- indeed, a special kind of magic -- about Paris in and on film. Despite the extreme polarization between Paris and provincial France in both cultural and socio-economic terms, cultural historians have argued that Paris is a symbol of France (as a centralized nation), more than Rome is of Italy and much more than Madrid is of Spain or Berlin of Germany, for example. The prevalence of the City of Lights on our screens, Gallic and otherwise, should therefore come as no surprise, be it as a mere backdrop or as a character in its own right. But how exactly are the French capital and its variegated people captured on celluloid? Can we find significant differences between French and non-French approaches, or between films shot on location that have the ring of 'authenticity' and studio-bound productions using reconstructed sets? Do these representations vary through time and perhaps reflect specific historical periods or zeitgeists?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEIGHBRHD DYN. OF CRIME", number:"null", id:"35566", path:"/courses/35566", description:"Crime varies in time, space and populations as it reflects ecological structures and the routine social interactions that occur in daily life. Concentrations of crime can be found among locations, with antisocial activities like assaults and theft occurring at higher rates because of the demographic make-up of people (e.g. adolescents) or conflicts (e.g. competing gangs), for reasons examined by ecological criminology. Variation in socio-demographic structures (age, education ratios, and the concentration of poverty) and the physical environment (housing segregation, density of bars, street lighting) predicts variations between neighborhoods in the level of crime and disorder. Both ethnographic and quantitative research methods are used to explore the connections between the social and physical environment of areas and antisocial behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"39694", path:"/courses/39694", description:"This course surveys the history of world film from cinema s precursors to 1945. We will develop methods for analyzing film while examining the growth of film as an art, an industry, a technology, and a political instrument. Topics include the emergence of film technology and early film audiences, the rise of narrative film and birth of Hollywood, national film industries and movements, African-American independent film, the emergence of the genre film (the western, film noir, and romantic comedies), ethnographic and documentary film, animated films, censorship, the MPPDA and Hays Code, and the introduction of sound. We will conclude with the transformation of several film industries into propaganda tools during World War II (including the Nazi, Soviet, and US film industries). In addition to contemporary theories that investigate the development of cinema and visual culture during the first half of the 20th century, we will read key texts that contributed to the emergence of film theory. There are no prerequisites. Students are required to attend screenings or watch films on their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43980", path:"/courses/43980", description:"What constitutes Chinese popular culture in the modern age? How does popular culture contest and collaborate with classical Chinese literature in the formation of Chinese modernity? How do contemporary artists, writers, singers, and filmmakers portray and recreate the image of China? And how does popular culture intersect with and transform religious practices in Taiwan? This course introduces and highlights the variability of modern Chinese culture in PRC, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, and other transnational Chinese communities over the past century. We will engage with a variety of narrative traditions such as philosophical writing, fiction, and folktale. We will also investigate different visual, audio, and performative representations of Chinese culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YEAR AKKADIAN I", number:"null", id:"40915", path:"/courses/40915", description:"Introduction to the grammar of the Akkadian language with emphasis on developing skills in the cuneiform writing system and reading of selected texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"37264", path:"/courses/37264", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules and prepares students well for GRMN 104 and a minor or major in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL OCEANOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"40054", path:"/courses/40054", description:"The field of chemical oceanography has evolved from one of discovery to an interdisciplinary science that uses chemical distributions to understand physical, biological, geological and chemical processes in the sea. The study of chemical oceanography includes much of the background required to understand the global carbon cycle on all time scales. In this course, the main unifying science Theme #1 is The Global Carbon Cycle. The syllabus is organized into three broad subthemes. Theme #2. What controls the composition of seawater and are humans changing it? Theme #3. What are the chemical constraints on biological production in the ocean? Theme #4. What is the fate of organic matter produced by biological production and what are the impacts of this organic matter on the ocean and underlying sediments?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & INTERMEDIATE CLINICAL PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"44691", path:"/courses/44691", description:"This course focuses on the implementation of the professional role of the Pediatric Acute Care Nurse Practitioner (PNP-AC). Particular emphasis is placed on the role components of the nurse practitioner in pediatric acute care. Applications of nursing, biological and behavioral science are emphasized in the advanced clinical assessment, clinical decision making and management skills needed to care for complex, unstable acutely and chronically ill children and their families. The role of the advanced practice nurse in promoting optimal child/family outcomes is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36866", path:"/courses/36866", description:"An advanced course for students who have had AP Chemistry in high school. Included in the course coverage are: quantum mechanics of atoms, molecules and crystalline solids; statistical mechanics of gases, liquids, and solids; and coordination chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHYSIOLOGY AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45229", path:"/courses/45229", description:"This course will integrate advanced physiology with pathophysiology and clinical implications across the lifespan for advanced nursing practice. Organ systems function and dysfunction from the level of the cell through integrated organ levels will be presented, and the genetic basis of disease will be discussed. Recent scientific advances will be discussed with application to new approaches to disease and symptom management. The interrelationships between basic physiology, clinical pathophysiology, and genetics are emphasized through lecture and case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"40245", path:"/courses/40245", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARM&BIOTECH", number:"null", id:"44289", path:"/courses/44289", description:"This course provides an overview of the management, economic and policy issues facing the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The course perspective is global, but with emphasis on the U.S. as the largest and most profitable market. Critical issues we will examine include: R&D intensive cost structure with regulation and rapid technological change; strategic challenges of biotech startups; pricing and promotion in a complex global marketplace where customers include governments and insurers, as well as physicians and consumers; intense and evolving M&A, joint ventures, and complex alliances; government regulation of all aspects of business including market access, pricing, promotion, and manufacturing. We use Wharton and industry experts from various disciplines to address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL HEALTH & AGING", number:"null", id:"36254", path:"/courses/36254", description:"An examination of the psycho-socio-cultural processes which influence the behavior patterns, coping, and adaptation of older adults. The course emphasizes strategies to promote mental health as well as assessment, presentation, and intervention in the major acute and chronic psychiatric disorders affecting the older adult.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE III", number:"null", id:"41617", path:"/courses/41617", description:"Continuation of JPAN 012. Textbooks: Yookoso II (Do You Remember-Chapt. 3) and Basic Kanji Book I (L.11 - L.16) Kanji: reproduction-approx.170/recognitio-approx.250", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERFACING CULTURES: DESIGNING FOR MOBILE, WEB AND PUBLIC MEDIA", number:"null", id:"44179", path:"/courses/44179", description:"This course introduces advanced topics related to contemporary media technologies, ranging from social media to mobile phones applications and urban interfaces. Students learn how to use new methods from interaction design, service design, and social media and work towards prototyping their ideas using new platforms and media. The class will cover a range of topics such as such as online-gaming, viral communication, interface culture, networked environments, internet of things and discuss their artistic, social, and cultural implications to the public domain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COST MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"43644", path:"/courses/43644", description:"This course covers managerial accounting and cost management practices that can be strategically applied across the various functions of a business organization to improve organizational performance. The course emphasizes the methods available to measure and evaluate costs for decision-making and performance evaluation purposes. It reviews a number of cost management issues relating to the design and implementation of strategic, marketing, value analysis, and other management models in modern firms; and identifies major contemporary issues in managerial accounting and financial decision- making. A variety of case studies in different industries and decision contexts are used to examine the application of these concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"35781", path:"/courses/35781", description:"FNCE 235 is a rigorous study of fixed income securities, including default-free bonds, floating rate notes, and corporate bonds. Closely related financial instruments such as forwards and futures on fixed income securities, bond options, and interest rate swaps are also examined. In addition to analyzing specific types of fixed income securities, there will be an examination of the tools used in bond portfolio management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMICROFLUIDICS", number:"null", id:"41004", path:"/courses/41004", description:"The focus of this course is on microfluidics for biomedical applications. Topics to be covered in the first half of this course include microscale phenomena, small-scale fabrication techniques, and sensing technologies that are often leveraged in the development of microfluidic systems for the study of biomolecules, cells, tissues, and organs in living biological systems. In the second half of this course, strong emphasis will be placed on the application of microfluidics in cell biology, bioanalytical chemistry, molecular biology, tissue engineering, and drug discovery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COUNTER THE LAND: WYETH, WELLING AND PHOTOGRAPHING THE LANDSCAPE", number:"null", id:"37184", path:"/courses/37184", description:"Starting with the representaion of landscape in painting in the early 1800s, the course will then move through Pictorialsim and the Modernist movement in photography. Revisiting the later half of the 20th century, we will begin to consider the shifting practices of landscape and the ways it has been photographically depicted up to the present. Collaborating with the Brandywine River Museum of Art in Chadds Ford, students will begin their photographic exploration with the work of Andrea Wyeth and the landscape of the Brandywine Valley. As we consider Wyeth, the imges of James Welling will aslo be introduced. Credited for pioneering new forms of representation in photography in the 1970s, Welling also revisited the work of Wyeth from 2010-2015, and committed to a fresh (and challenging) look at tradition. 

Working with imagery and text, this class will also touch on conceptual art, the New Topographics, and postmodernism. Through these various concentrations, students will consider and counter the traditions that they are already familiar with, while creating work based on issues of the landscape today. Questions about meaning, politics, social critique, land rights, technology and methods of presentaion will be encouraged and explored throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS POLICY", number:"null", id:"38917", path:"/courses/38917", description:"This course encourages students to analyze the problems of managing the total enterprise in the domestic and international setting. The focus is on the competitive strategy of the firm, examining issues central to its long- and short-term competitive position. Students act in the roles of key decision-makers or their advisors and solve problems related to the development or maintenance of the competitive advantage of the firm in a given market. The first module of the course develops an understanding of key strategic frameworks using theoretical readings and case-based discussions. Students will learn concepts and tools for analyzing the competitive environment, strategic position and firm-specific capabilities in order to understand the sources of a firm's competitive advantage. In addition, students will address corporate strategy issues such as the economic logic and administrative challenges associated with diversification choices about horizontal and vertical integration. The second module will be conducted as a multi-session, computer-based simulation in which students will have the opportunity to apply the concepts and tools from module 1 to make strategic decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEALS: ECON STRUC TRANS", number:"null", id:"44520", path:"/courses/44520", description:"This course focuses on the role of professionals, including lawyers of all types (corporate, tax, securities, etc.), direct private equity investors, corporate business development officers, and investment bankers, in creating value through transaction engineering. The overall goal of the course is to explain how private parties order their commercial interactions, to develop a theory of how they ought to do this, and to gain a thorough understanding of how business deals are actually done.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NEW TESTAMENT", number:"null", id:"43444", path:"/courses/43444", description:"What can be known - from historical perspectives - about the life and teachings of Jesus and his earliest followers? Did Jesus see himself as a teacher and/or a revolutionary and/or the messiah? If Jesus and the apostles were all Jews, how did Christianity emerge as a distinct 'religion'? distinct from Judaism? And how is that this small Galilean and Judean movement came to shape world history and Western culture even to this day? This course explores these questions through a focus on the formation of the New Testament - from the letters of Paul in the early first century CE, to the collection and closure of the canon of Christian Scriptures in the fourth century CE. In the process, we will explore the lived worlds of the first followers of Jesus through readings of texts within and outside the New Testament but also through art, artifacts, and manuscripts at Penn and in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR NETWRKS & PROTOCOLS", number:"null", id:"37135", path:"/courses/37135", description:"This is an introductory course on packet networks and associated protocols, with a particular emphasis on IP-based networks such as the Internet. The course introduces design and implementation choices that underlie the development of modern networks, and emphasizes basic analytical understanding of the concepts. Topics are covered in a mostly 'bottom-up' approach starting with a brief review of physical layer issues such as digital transmission, error correction and error recovery strategies. This is followed by a discussion of link layer aspects, including multiple access strategies, local area networks (Ethernet and 802.11 wireless LANs), and general store-and-forward packet switching. Network layer solutions, including IP addressing, naming, and routing are covered next, before exploring transport layer and congestion control protocols (UDP and TCP). Finally, basic approaches for quality-of-service and network security are examined. Specific applications and aspects of data compression and streaming may also be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO POSITIVE PSYCH", number:"null", id:"36428", path:"/courses/36428", description:"An introduction to the study of positive emotions, positive character traits, and positive institutions. The positive emotions consist of emotions about the past (e.g., serenity, satisfaction, pride), about the future (e.g., hope, optimism, faith), and emotions about the present (pleasure and gratification). The distinction among the pleasant life, the good life, and the meaningful life is drawn. The positive traits include wisdom, courage, humanity, justice, temperance, and spirituality, and the classification of these virtues is explored. The positive institutions are exemplified by extended families, free press, humane leadership, and representative government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"43640", path:"/courses/43640", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE OF THE SOUTH ASIAN CITY: SPACE, CULTURE, POLITICS", number:"null", id:"44909", path:"/courses/44909", description:"The South Asian city as a way of organizing space and social relations, as a symbol, as a memories the subject of this course. Through primarily, though by no means exclusively, readings of literature in translation, we will gain a sense for the history of the city and the ways in which it is a setting for protest and nostalgia, social transformation and solitary fl?neurie. We will see reflections of the city in poetry recited in its homes, detective novels sold in its train stations, stories scribbled in its cafes, plays staged in its theaters, and films produced in its backlots. Readings will attempt to address urban spaces across South Asia, and will include works by writers such as Mirza Ghalib, Rabindranath Tagore, Saadat Hasan Manto, and Vijay Tendulkar. We will examine these works in the context of secondary readings, including histories and ethnological works that take up life in the modern city. Students will finish this course prepared to pursue projects dealing with the urban from multiple disciplinary perspectives. This course is suitable for anyone interested in the culture, society, or literature of South Asia, and assumes no background in South Asian languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIAL&ENERGY BALANCES", number:"null", id:"39642", path:"/courses/39642", description:"Analysis of processes used in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Mass and energy balances, properties of pure fluids, equations of state. Heat effects accompanying phase changes and chemical reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"35736", path:"/courses/35736", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT/MASS TRANSFER", number:"null", id:"38905", path:"/courses/38905", description:"This course covers fundamentals of heat and mass transfer and applications to practical problems in energy conversion and conservation. Emphasis will be on developing a physical and analytical understanding of conductive, convective, and radiative heat transfer, as well as design of heat exchangers and heat transfer with phase change. Topics covered will include: types of heat transfer processes, their relative importance, and the interactions between them, solutions of steady state and transient state conduction, emission and absorption of radiation by real surfaces and radiative transfer between surfaces, heat transfer by forced and natural convection owing to flow around bodies and through ducts, analytical solutions for some sample cases and applications of correlations for engineering problems. Students will develop an ability to apply governing principles and physical intuition to solve problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION I", number:"null", id:"45259", path:"/courses/45259", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on ambulatory care. Clinical practice in all areas of ambulatory women's health care, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRESS NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41024", path:"/courses/41024", description:"Stress can be caused by a variety of conditions, ranging from low-level noise in the workplace to life-threatening situations and these stressors can cause changes in the physiology and behavior of individuals. This course will examine the neural mechanisms underlying physiological and emotional responses to stress in a journal club format. Topics to be covered include anxiety disorders, depression and other mood disorders, the differential effects of stress on males and females, the physiological effects of stress on the immune system and feeding behavior, the effects of maternal stress on offspring as well as strategies to mitigate the effects of stress.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PROB & STAT", number:"null", id:"37108", path:"/courses/37108", description:"Introduction to combinatorics: the multiplication rule, the pigeonhole principle, permutations, combinations, binomial and multinomial coefficients, recurrence relations, methods of solving recurrence relations, permutations and combinations with repetitions, integer linear equation with unit coefficients, distributing balls into urns, inclusion-exclusion, an introduction to probability. Introduction to Probability: sets, sample setsevents, axioms of probability, simple results, equally likely outcomes, probability as a continuous set function and probability as a measure of belief, conditional probability, independent events, Bayes' formula, inverting probability trees. Random Variables: discrete and continuous, expected values, functions of random variables, variance. Some Special Discrete Random Variables: Bernoulli, Binomial, Poisson, Geometric, Pascal (Negative Binomial) Hypergeometric and Poisson. 

Some Special Continuous Random Variables: Uniform, Exponential, Gamma, Erlang, Normal, Beta and Triangular. Joint distribution functions, minimum and maximum of independent random variables, sums of independent random variables, reproduction properties. Properties of Expectation: sums of random variables, covariance, variance of sums and correlations, moment-generating function. Limit theorems: Chebyshev's inequality, law of large numbers and the central-limit theorem. Extra Topics: Generating random numbers and simulation, Monte-Carlo methods, The Poisson Process and Queueing Theory, Stochastic Processes and Regular Markov Chains, Absorbing Markov Chains and Random Walks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS", number:"null", id:"41577", path:"/courses/41577", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in history who will begin writing their honors thesis during this seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ETHICS", number:"null", id:"41232", path:"/courses/41232", description:"In this course, students will study the social, political, environmental and economic context of engineering practice. Students will develop an analytical toolkit to identify and address ethical challenges and opportunities in the engineering profession, including studies of risk and safety, professional responsibility, and global perspectives. The course will begin with a foundation in the history of engineering practice and major Western ethical and philosophical theories. Students will then apply this material to both historical case studies, such as Bhopal, the NASA Shuttle Program, and Three Mile Island, as well as contemporary issues in big data, artificial intelligence, and diversity within the profession. Students will consider how engineers, as well as governments, the media, and other stakeholders, address such issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VICTIMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39061", path:"/courses/39061", description:"This course examines the wide range of victimization experiences from the perspective of the victim, their families and society. Crimes to be studied include workplace violence, corporate crime, robbery, burglary, assault, rape, stalking, domestic violence, homicide, suicide, elderly abuse and child sexual abuse and exploitation. The role of the medical examiner, health care providers and the FBI as they relate to victims of crime will be discussed. Emphasis will be given to exploring the elements of each crime and response patterns to victimizations. Services available to victims of crime will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL NUTRITION: THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF WORLD HUNGER", number:"null", id:"43236", path:"/courses/43236", description:"A detailed consideration of the nature, consequences, and causes of hunger and undernutrition internationally. Approaches are explored to bringing about change, and to formulating and implementing policies and programs at international, national, and local levels, designed to alleviate hunger and under-nutrition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AESTHETICS: NIETZSCHE", number:"null", id:"35876", path:"/courses/35876", description:"Course description for Spring 2015: 'Nietzsche' This seminar will offer a comprehensive and in-depth look at one of modernity'smost provocative and controversial thinkers. Proceeding chronologically, we will examine all of Nietzsche's major writings: from the early essays through the hopefulness of the 'free spirit' period, from the calculating genealogies to the inchoate and chaotic fragments of the posthumously published Will of Power, from the profoundly strange and terrifying Zarathustra to the fevered final works. Throughout the semester, students will be invited to consider Nietzsche's philosophical inheritances (from, for instance, Kant, Hegel, and Schopenhauer) and influences (on Heidegger, Foucoult, Deleuze, Derrida and many others). Discussions in English, but students are invited to read texts in the original where appropriate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Neurobiology of Learning and Memory", number:"null", id:"42052", path:"/courses/42052", description:"This advanced course focuses on the current state of our knowledge about neurobiological basis of learning and memory. Students will explore the molecular and cellular basis of learninginvertebrates and vertebrates from a behavioral and neural perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR IMAGING", number:"null", id:"36786", path:"/courses/36786", description:"This course will provide a comprehensive survey of modern medical imaging modalities and the emerging field of molecular imaging. The basic principles of X-ray, ultrasound, nuclear imaging, and magnetic resonance imaging will be reviewed. The course will also cover concepts related to contrast media and targeted molecula r imaging. Topics to be covered include the chemistry and mechanisms of various contrast agents, approaches to identifying molecular markers of disease, ligand screening strategies, and the basic principles of toxicology and pharmacology relevant to imaging agents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDMTL SOLID STATE CRCT", number:"null", id:"35710", path:"/courses/35710", description:"Analysis and design of basic active circuits involving semiconductor devices including diodes and bipolar transistors. Single stage, differential, multi-stage, and operational amplifiers will be discussed including their high frequency response. Wave shaping circuits, filters, feedback, stability, and power amplifiers will also be covered. A weekl three-hour laboratory will illustrate concepts and circuits discussed in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN ART", number:"null", id:"39556", path:"/courses/39556", description:"This course surveys the most important and interesting art produced in the United States (or by American artists living abroad) up through the 1950s. This period encompasses the history of both early and modern art in the U.S., from its first appearances to its rise to prominence and institutionalization. While tracking this history, the course examines art's relation to historical processes of modernization (industrialization, the development of transportation and communications, the spread of corporate organization in business, urbanization, technological development, the rise of mass media and mass markets, etc.) and to the economic polarization, social fragmentation, political conflict, and the cultural changes these developments entailed. In these circumstances, art is drawn simultaneously toward truth and fraud, realism and artifice, science and spirituality, commodification and ephemerality, nationalism and cosmopolitanism, individualism and collectivity, the past and the future, professionalization and popularity, celebrating modern life and criticizing it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VERTEBRATE PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36826", path:"/courses/36826", description:"The course will focus on integrative aspects of physiological function of vertebrates. Comparative, environmental and quantitative approaches will be used. Major topics include muscle, the cardiovascular system, respiration, renal function and the nervous system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZATION & SCI FI", number:"null", id:"36968", path:"/courses/36968", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce", number:"null", id:"38966", path:"/courses/38966", description:"The effect of the Internet and related technologies on business and social institutions is more profound than that of any prior invention, including the printing press and the internal combustion engine. Furthermore, marketing plays a key role in shaping the modern consumption-led economies fueled by these technologies. MKTG 730 provides a research-based and framework-driven approach to understanding digital marketing and electronic commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PALEONTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41481", path:"/courses/41481", description:"Geologic history of invertebrates and their inferred life habits, paleoecology, and evolution. Introduction to paleobotany and vertebrate paleontology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38698", path:"/courses/38698", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWAHILI I", number:"null", id:"36681", path:"/courses/36681", description:"The Elementary Swahili I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on East Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative compentence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Swahili. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content. 

Students will acquire the speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills at the mid-high novice level, based on the ACTFL scale. The mid-high level proficiency skills that the students will acquire constitute threshold capabilities of the second semester range of proficiency to prepare students for Elementary Swahili II course materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"41624", path:"/courses/41624", description:"This course is designed for students who have little or no knowledge of Korean. This course aims to develop foundational reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills through meaningful communicative activities and tasks. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to comprehend and carry on simple daily conversations and create simple sentences in the past, present, and future tenses. Students will learn how to introduce themselves, describe their surroundings, talk about daily lives, friends and relatives, and talk about past and future events.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"38619", path:"/courses/38619", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUDDHISM", number:"null", id:"39270", path:"/courses/39270", description:"This course seeks to introduce students to the diversity of doctrines held and practices performed by Buddhists in Asia. By focusing on how specific beliefs and practices are tied to particular locations and particular times, we will be able to explore in detail the religious institutions, artistic, architectural, and musical traditions, textual production and legal and doctrinal developments of Buddhism over time and within its socio-historical context. Religion is never divorced from its place and its time. Furthermore, by geographically and historically grounding the study of these religions we will be able to examine how their individual ethic, cosmological and soteriological systems effect local history, economics, politics, and material culture. We will concentrate first on the person of the Buddha, his many biographies and how he has been followed and worshipped in a variety of ways from Lhasa, Tibet to Phrae, Thailand. From there we touch on the foundational teachings of the Buddha with an eye to how they have evolved and transformed over time. Finally, we focus on the practice of Buddhist ritual, magic and ethics in monasteries and among aly communities in Asia and even in the West. This section will confront the way Buddhists have thought of issues such as 'Just-War,' Women's Rights and Abortion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKT/SOC SYS ON INTERNET", number:"null", id:"36209", path:"/courses/36209", description:"Want to understand the sociological and algorithmic aspects of friend recommendation? Want to know how Google decides what 10 answers to return, out of the 10 million matching results? Want to understand how search engines have revolutionized advertising? Then this is the course for you! NETS 150 provides an overview of the issues, theoretical foundations, and existing techniques in networks (social, information, communication) and markets on the Internet. Subsequent NETS courses are available for students wishing to explore any of these topics in greater detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF MODERN CHINA", number:"null", id:"38728", path:"/courses/38728", description:"From an empire to a republic, from communism to socialist-style capitalism, few countries have ever witnessed so much change in a hundred year period as China during the twentieth century. How are we to make sense out of this seeming chaos? This course will offer an overview of the upheavals that China has experienced from the late Qing to the Post-Mao era, interspersed with personal perspectives revealed in primary source readings such as memoirs, novels, and oral accounts. We will start with an analysis of the painful transition from the last empire, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), to a modern nation state, followed by exploration of a century-long tale of incessant reform and revolution. The survey will focus on three main themes: 1) the repositioning of China in the new East Asian and world orders; 2) the emergence of a modern Chinese state and nationalistic identity shaped and reshaped by a series of cultural crises; and finally, 3) the development and transformation of Chinese modernity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS & CAPSTONE THESIS", number:"null", id:"39790", path:"/courses/39790", description:"First semester of the two semester thesis course; completed during the Fall semester of senior year. The senior thesis provides a capstone intellectual experience for Honors students and Communication and Public Service Program (ComPS) participants. Students conduct a primary research study on a communication related issue over the course of two semesters. Students should consult with and arrange for a faculty supervisor no later than the summer before senior year. Students must also file a designated form and topic statement, approved and signed by the supervising faculty member no later than the first day of class. Required of all students planning to enroll in COMM 495 or COMM 499 in the Spring. All Honors students must have a 3.5 cumulative GPA at the end of junior year for eligibility. See the Annenberg website for complete eligibility requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF WOMEN AND INFANTS", number:"null", id:"44626", path:"/courses/44626", description:"This course emphasizes the child-bearing cycle, and the related issues of maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. It also explores women and infant's health care and health promotion needs across the lifespan. It provides a global perspective, and uses the United Nations' Pillars of Safe Motherhood and World Health Organization's Millennium Development Goals as the vehicles to enable students to understand the interrelationships among issues of health and health promotion; social, economic, political and environmental contexts; and the care of women across the lifespan. Clinical experiences provide opportunities for students to understand the connections between the local and the global; to use their developing knowledge base to affect the health of women and their infants. Students will have opportunities for hospital-based care of child-bearing women and their infants. In addition, community-based experiences with individual women and with groups of women across the life cycle will be provided in order to enhance teaching, interviewing and assessment skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN COG NEUROSCI: CONSCIOUSNESS", number:"null", id:"42054", path:"/courses/42054", description:"Topics vary each semester. PSYC 449-301 (Gerstein) Neuroscience for Policymakers: This seminar will provide an overview of the neuroscience behind some of the most relevant issues in public health policy today.Why are clinical trials for Alzheimer's disease treatments so difficult to run and why do so many fail? How does the teenage brain make decisions and who should be considered an adult in court? What is implicit bias and why do we make snap decisions based on mental associations? If you could 'improve' your brain with devices or drugs, should you? We will examine the primary scientific literature as well as delve into lay articles about the science and policy surrounding each issue. A basic understanding of neuroscience and some comfort working with primary literature is assumed.//PSYC 449-302 (Epstein) Consciousness: Consciousness is our subjective experience of the world, including both perceptions and felt internal states. In this seminar, we will explore the the burgeoning scientific literature on the neural basis of consciousness. We will focus in particular on three topics: What are the neuralsystems underlying visual awareness? What are the mechanisms that control the progression of conscious contents to create our stream of thought? What is the relationship between consciousness and behavior?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SPEECH ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"37438", path:"/courses/37438", description:"This course focuses on experimental investigations of speech sounds. General contents include: the fundamentals of speech production and perception; speech analysis tools and techniques; and topics in phonetic studies. The course consists of integrated lectures and laboratory sessions in which students learn computer techniques for analyzing digital recordings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROCESS SYS DESIGN PROJ", number:"null", id:"35423", path:"/courses/35423", description:"Design of chemical, biochemical, and materials products and processes based on recent advances in chemical and bioengineering technology. Design group weekly meetings with faculty advisor and industrial consultants. Comprehensive design report and formal oral presentation. Heat exchanger design and profitability analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"41610", path:"/courses/41610", description:"Italian 201 will focus on contemporary Italian culture following its development since the 1960s. Pertinent films, literary texts, articles, as well as material in other media will complement the analysis of films and allow in-depth discussion. The cultural material explored in the course will be also used as a basis for a review of linguistic structures and vocabulary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND LAW", number:"null", id:"36440", path:"/courses/36440", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Human Rights, Access to Justice, and Public Policy", number:"null", id:"44245", path:"/courses/44245", description:"Law is central to effective and legitimate governance at all levels (local, national, regional, global). Law not only serves as a basis and frames governance and policy-making processes; it also offers tools and opportunities for public policy, as well as accountability mechanisms. Familiarity and understanding of legal frameworks , mechanisms and dynamics is thus essential for public and private actors involved in policy-making. This course combines theoretical insights as well as practical components. During the first portionof each class students will examine a wide spectrum of international legal frameworks and instruments which set standards for good governance on a variety of themes: eg. Children, women, refugees. This comparative perspective lays the context for US policies. During the second major portion of each class, students will explore how statutes, regulations and case law serve as tools for social change. Students will gain familiarity with relevant US legal frameworks at the Federal, State and Municipal level and at all three branches of government: legislative, executive and judicial. The third portion of every class will explore the role of the non government sectorin public policy. Students will learn about core competencies needed to non profits effective such as: Boards, management leadership, and program", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDMTLS OF EPIDEMIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40156", path:"/courses/40156", description:"This course introduces students to the basic tenets of epidemiology and how to quantitatively study health at the population level. Students learn about measures used to describe populations with respect to health outcomes and the inherent limitations in these measures and their underlying sources of data. Analytic methods used to test scientific questions about health outcomes in populations then are covered, again paying particular attention to the strength and weaknesses of the various approaches. Multiple large epidemiologic research and field studies are used as in-class exemplars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ENVIR DESIGN: PEOPLE & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36606", path:"/courses/36606", description:"The built environment of a city is more than a mere backdrop; the design can actually affect people's experiences. Environmental design primarily focuses on the relationship between people and the built environment. It also looks at how the built environment interacts with the natural one (and the potential for greater sustainability). This course will allow students to gain a deeper understanding of how people create, perceive, and use the designed environment. We'll approach these concepts by analyzing design at a variety of scales, from products to interior design to architecture. Finally, using that knowledge, we'll conclude by analyzing urban spaces of the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"35776", path:"/courses/35776", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide the student with the necessary skills to value and to employ options, futures, and related financial contracts. In order to provide a useful treatment of these topics in an environment that is changing rather rapidly, it is necessary to stress the fundamentals and to explore the topics at a technical level. The topics that will be covered include the valuation of futures contracts on stock indices, on commodities and Treasury instruments; the valuation of options; empirical evidence; strategies with respect to these assets; dynamic asset allocation strategies, of which portfolio insurance is an example; swaps; and the use (and misuse) of derivatives in the context of corporate applications. One-third of the course will be devoted to futures, a third to options, and a third to their applications. Many of the applications will be sprinkled along with the coverage of futures and options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLING", number:"null", id:"38853", path:"/courses/38853", description:"Human language viewed from a social and historical perspective. Students will acquire the tools of linguistic analysis through interactive computer programs, covering phonetics, phonology and morphology, in English and other languages. These techniques will then be used to trace social differences in the use of language, and changing patterns of social stratification. The course will focus on linguistic changes in progress in American society, in both mainstream and minority communities, and the social problems associated with them. Students will engage in field projects to search for the social correlates of linguistic behavior, and use quantitative methods to analyze the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COMM: MARKETING LIKES", number:"null", id:"42252", path:"/courses/42252", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Communications, the interdisciplinary study of the processes of human communication. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"37946", path:"/courses/37946", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF BIOCHEM", number:"null", id:"36822", path:"/courses/36822", description:"Intermediate level course covering principles of modern biochemistry. Topics include protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanisms, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. Emphasis will be on biochemical problem solving, experimental design, and application of quantitative methods in a biological and clinical context. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACTUARIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"40731", path:"/courses/40731", description:"This course covers models for insurer's losses, and applications of Markov chains. Poisson processes, including extensions such as non-homogeneous, compound, and mixed Poisson processes are studied in detail. The compound model is then used to establish the distribution of losses. An extensive section on Markov chains provides the theory to forecast future states of the process, as well as numerous applications of Markov chains to insurance, finance, and genetics. The course is abundantly illustrated by examples from the insurance and finance literature. While most of the students taking the course are future actuaries, other students interested in applications of statistics may discover in class many fascinating applications of stochastic processes and Markov chains.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SP FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"44953", path:"/courses/44953", description:"Spanish for the Professions is designed to provide advanced-level language students with a wide-ranging technical vocabulary and the enhancement of solid communicative skills within the cultural context of several developing Latin American countries. Focusing on topics such as politics, economy, society, health, environment, education, science and technology, the class will explore the realities and underlying challenges facing Latin America. Through essays, papers, articles, research, discussions, case studies, and videotapes, we shall take an in-depth look at the dynamics of Latin American societies. The course will focus on--but not be restricted to--Mexico, Cuba and Argentina. Any questions about placement should be addressed to the Director of the Spanish Language Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FANTASTIC/UNCANNY IN LIT: GHOSTS,SPIRITS&MACHINES", number:"null", id:"44268", path:"/courses/44268", description:"Do we still believe in spirits and ghosts? Do they have any place in an age of science of technology? Can they perhaps help us to define what a human being is and what it can do? We will venture on a journey through literary texts from the late eighteenth century to the present to explore the uncanny and fantastic in literature and life. Our discussions will be based on a reading of Sigmund Freud's essay on the uncanny, and extraordinary Romantic narratives by Ludwig Tieck, E.T.A. Hoffmann, Edgar Allan Poe, Nathaniel Hawthorne, Prosper Merimee, Villiers de Isle-Adam, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE NOVEL: VICTORIAN MATERIALISM", number:"null", id:"44098", path:"/courses/44098", description:"This course will provide an intensive introduction to the study of the novel, approaching the genre from a range of theoretical, critical, and historical perspectives. It may examine conflicting versions of the novel's history (including debates about its relationship to the making of the individual, the nation-state, empire, capital, racial and class formations, secularism, the history of sexuality, democracy, print and other media, etc.), or it may focus on theories of the novel, narratology, or a particular problem in novel criticism. It may attend to a specific form or subgenre of fiction, or it may comprise a survey of genres and texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL & INT'L POLITIC", number:"null", id:"43114", path:"/courses/43114", description:"Globalization and International Political Economy is an upper level undergraduate course designed to provide the background necessary to understand globalization and the changes taking place in the international political-economy. The course objective is to help students develop a conceptual framework that will provide an understanding of the current international political-economic environment, provide a basis for thinking about the fundamental changes which are now taking place, and to build a solid foundation to which new material can be added throughout the students' careers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DILEMMAS OF IMMIGRATION", number:"null", id:"44822", path:"/courses/44822", description:"Beneath the daily headlines about refugees blocked entry, and undocumented migrants deported there is a set of hard questions which deserve closer attention: Should countries have borders? If countries have borders, how should they decide who is kept out and who is allowed in? How many immigrants is 'enough'? Are immigrants equally desirable? What kinds of obligations do immigrants have to their receiving society? What kinds of obligations do host societies have to immigrants? Should there be 'pathways' to citizenship? Can citizenship be earned? Should citizenship be automatic? This course explores these and other dilemmas raised by immigration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIAL&ENERGY BALANCES", number:"null", id:"41063", path:"/courses/41063", description:"This course introduces the principles of material and energy balances and their applications to the analysis of single- and multiple-phase processes used in the chemical, pharmaceutical, and environmental industries. The course focuses on the conceptual understanding of properties of pure fluids, equations of state, and heat effects accompanying phase changes and chemical reactions, and problem-solving skills needed to solve a wide range of realistic, process-related problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN & TECH APP MATH", number:"null", id:"39910", path:"/courses/39910", description:"This course is targeted to engineering PhD students in all areas. It will focus on the stud of linear spaces (both finite and infinite dimensional) and of operators defined on such spaces. This course will also show students how powerful methods developed by the study of linear spaces can be used to systematically solve problems in engineering. The emphasis in this course will not be on abstract theory and proofs but on techniques that can be used to solve problems. Some examples of techniques that will be studied include, Fourier eries, Green's functions for ordinary and partial differential operators, eigenvalue problems for ordinary differential equations, singular value decomposition of matrices, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELDWORK", number:"null", id:"36615", path:"/courses/36615", description:"Students work 15 hours per week in field placement and meet weekly with class and instructors. The class is intended to help students reflect from a variety of perspectives on the work that they are doing in their placement organizations. The class format is primarily discussion. Students are required to complete assigned readings, prepare written and oral presentations, and submit a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"40003", path:"/courses/40003", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide the student with the necessary skills to value and to employ options, futures, and related financial contracts. In order to provide a useful treatment of these topics in an environment that is changing rather rapidly, it is necessary to stress the fundamentals and to explore the topics at a technical level. The topics that will be covered include the valuation of futures contracts on stock indices, on commodities and Treasury instruments; the valuation of options, empirical evidence, strategies with respect to these assets, dynamic asset allocation strategies, or which portfolio insurance is an example, swaps, and the use (and misuse) of derivatives in the context of corporate applications. One-third of the course will be devoted to futures, a third to options, and a third to their applications. Many of the applications will be sprinkled along with the coverage of futures and options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DANTE'S DIVINE COMEDY", number:"null", id:"38800", path:"/courses/38800", description:"In this course we will read the Inferno, the Purgatorio and the Paradiso, focusing on a series of interrelated problems raised by the poem: authority, fiction, history, politics and language. Particular attention will be given to how the Commedia presents itself as Dante's autobiography, and to how the autobiographical narrative serves as a unifying thread for this supremely rich literary text. Supplementary readings will include Virgil's Aeneid and selections from Ovid's Metamorphoses. All readings and written work will be in English. Italian or Italian Studies credit will require reading Italian text the original language and writing about their themes in Italian. This course may be taken for graduate credit, but additional work and meetings with the instructor will be required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN BUSINESS WORLD: A Macro Perspective", number:"null", id:"40074", path:"/courses/40074", description:"This course offers you insights into the dynamics of Business German, while taking a macro approach. Examples of various course topics include: economic geography and its diversity, the changing role of the Eruopean Union, and the economic importance of national transportation and tourism. In addition, the course emphasizes the development of students' discourse competencies, Business German vocabulary and grammar. Course assignments include oral presentations on current events, class discussions, role-play, and collaborative group work. Class time will be utilized to practice speaking, answering questions, reviewing exercises and holding group discussions on various topics. Class participation is a key component of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSCULOSKEL BIOL&BIOENG", number:"null", id:"41006", path:"/courses/41006", description:"The goal of this course is to educate students in core principles and expose them to cutting-edge research in musculoskeletal biology and bioengineering through (1) lectures covering the basic engineering principles, biological fundamentals, and clinical practices involved in the function, repair, and regeneration of the musculoskeletal tissues; (2) critical review and presentation by student groups of recent and seminal publications in the field related to the basic science, translation, and clinical practice of musculoskeletal biology and bioengineering, with discussion input by faculty members with relevant expertise. This course will place an emphasis on delivering multidisciplinary knowledge of cell and molecular biology, mechanics, material science, imaging, and clinical medicine as it relates to the field of musculoskeletal bioengineering and science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHP III", number:"null", id:"37599", path:"/courses/37599", description:"Continuation of techniques established in Theory and Musicianship I and II. Concepts will be developed through analysis and model composition. Musicianship component will include advanced sight singing, clef reading, harmonic dictation and keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS BASED ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"43925", path:"/courses/43925", description:"This course introduces students to common physically based simulation techniques for animation of fluids and gases, rigid and deformable solids, cloth, explosions, fire, smoke, virtual characters, and other systems. Physically based simulation techniques allow for creation of extremely realistic special effects for movies, video games and surgical simulation systems. We will learn state-of-the-art techniques that are commonly used in current special effects and animation studios and in video games community. To gain hands-on experience, students will implement basic simulators for several systems. The topics will include: Particle Systems, Mass spring systems, Deformable Solids & Fracture, Cloth, Explosions & Fire, Smoke, Fluids, Deformable active characters, Simulation and control of rigid bodies, Rigid body dynamics, Collision detection and handling, Simulation of articulated characters, Simulated characters in games. The course is appropriate for both upper level undergraduate and graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA ANALYS IN EARTH SCI", number:"null", id:"41489", path:"/courses/41489", description:"This course will introduce numerical techniques for analyzing data and formulating models in Earth Science. Students will first be introduced to Octave, a high level computer programming language (equivalent to Matlab, but free of cost) that allows data analysis and manipulation, sophisticated plotting and numerical modeling from the same interface. Data analysis will focus on time series, pattern recognition, image/topography analysis, and correlation statistics; modeling will include groundwater and surface water flow, random processes, diffusion, and erosion and deposition. This will be a seminar-style course where discussion will be encouraged, and additional topicsmay be covered depending on student interest. Through project-based learning exercises students will gain proficiency in Octave which will be useful for allaspects of Earth science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT THREADS: TEXTILES IN ANTHROPOLOGY AND ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35276", path:"/courses/35276", description:"This course explores the deep and varied history of textile material culture across the world, provide students with the fundamental understanding of textile technology and production. We begin with a discussion of archaeological approaches to perishable materials, the chemical and physical properties of textiles fibers, and how they are differentially preserved in various environments. The technological processes and material remains of the 'chaine operatoire' of textile production- from raw fiber procurement and preparation, spinning and plying, dyeing, weaving, finishing, and use- provides the primary structure for the course. Case studies from various cultures, including Northern Europe, the Near East, North America, and the Andes, will be used to elucidate these processes and their cultural dimensions. Finally, we will engage in a critical assessment of traditional and novel analytical methods used in textile studies, the methodological difficulties of working with perishable remains, and the social, political and gender aspects of textile use and production.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF NETWORKS", number:"null", id:"43207", path:"/courses/43207", description:"Want to understand how memes spread across the Internet? How organisms exhibit flocking behavior? How the structure of a network can help predict behavior among the nodes? This course is a rigorous study of the structure and function of complex networks. From World Wide Web to networks of banks and lenders that form the financial sector, to friendship networks that influence our opinion and everyday decision-making, networks have become an integral part of our daily lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TAMIL II", number:"null", id:"43564", path:"/courses/43564", description:"This course is a continuation of Intermediate Tamil I (TAMIL426) and it continue to develop the skills obtained either from the Beginning Tamil course or from students' prior exposure to Tamil by other means. The emphasis will be on using the language in actual environments both in spoken medium and in written medium. Multimedia materials such as audio and videos as provided in the website http://www.southasia.upenn.edu/tamil or http://www.thetamillanguage.com will be extensively used to provide students an exposure to the Tamil culture and customs as authentic as possible. Besides improving their speech and writing, students will also be introduced gradually to Tamil literature, which has two thousand years of literary history. By the end of this course, students will have ACTFL's intermediate high proficiency level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOR MATLS SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41784", path:"/courses/41784", description:"Covers mathematics encountered in various problems encountered in materials science: Complex analysis, analytic functions and use in evaluation of definite integrals. Fourier and Laplace transforms (used in diffraction and when solving differential equations). Linear transformations and tensors (continuum analyses of elastic, electric, etc. properties of crystals). Sturm-Liouville theory of linear differential operators (mathematics of quantum mechanics). Partial differential equations (wave, Laplace and diffusion equation).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIVING DELIBERATELY: MONKS, SAINTS & THE CONTEMPLATIVE LIFE", number:"null", id:"43449", path:"/courses/43449", description:"Students who are not Religious Studies Majors and are not honors students must gain permission from instructor to enroll in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL TIME EMBEDDED SYS", number:"null", id:"41367", path:"/courses/41367", description:"The use of distributed wireless sensor networks has surged in popularity in recent years with applications ranging from environmental monitoring, to people- and object-tracking in both cooperative and hostile environments. This course is targeted at understanding and obtaining hands-on experience with the state-of-the-art in such wireless sensor networks which are often composed using relatively inexpensive sensor nodes that have low power consumption, low processing power and bandwidth. The course will span a variety of topics ranging from radio communications, network stack, systems infrastructure including QoS support and energy management, programming paradigms, distributed algorithms and example applications. Some guest lectures may be given.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43364", path:"/courses/43364", description:"This course will develop theoretical and computational approaches to structural and functional organization in the brain. The course will cover: (i) the basic biophysics of neural responses, (ii) neural coding and decoding with an emphasis on sensory systems, (iii) approaches to the study of networks of neurons, (iv) models of adaptation, learning and memory, (v) models of decision making, and (vi) ideas that address why the brain is organized the way that it is. The course will be appropriate for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students. A knowledge of multi-variable calculus, linear algebra and differential equations is required (except by permission of the instructor). Prior exposure to neuroscience and/or Matlab programming will be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"36059", path:"/courses/36059", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"38265", path:"/courses/38265", description:"Continuation of CHEM 241.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 18TH-C BRITISH LIT: BEAST CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38480", path:"/courses/38480", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CLASS CHINESE THGT", number:"null", id:"39805", path:"/courses/39805", description:"This course is intended as an introduction to the foundational thinkers of Chinese civilization, who flourished from the fifth to the second centuries B.C. No knowledge of Chinese is presumed, and there are no prerequisites, although EALC 001 (Introduction to Chinese Civilization) is recommended. Graduate students may take this course as EALC 531 and should see the instructor to discuss requirements for graduate credit. (Undergraduates must enroll in the courses as EALC 131.)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMED IMAGE ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"39587", path:"/courses/39587", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of advanced quantitative image analysis that apply to all of the major and emerging modalities in biological/biomaterials imaging and in vivo biomedical imaging. While traditional image processing techniques will be discussed to provide context, the emphasis will be on cutting edge aspects of all areas of image analysis (including registration, segmentation, and high-dimensional statistical analysis). Significant coverage of state-of-the-art biomedical research and clinical applications will be incorporated to reinforce the theoretical basis of the analysis methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"37577", path:"/courses/37577", description:"Independent student or team research on the design and construction of an original experimental or theoretical project related to materials science. The results of this project are presented at the end of the year in the form of a thesis and in an oral presentation to peers and faculty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED PERSIAN II", number:"null", id:"36319", path:"/courses/36319", description:"In this course, we will continue to address a broader variety of cultural topics in order to increase your proficiency in linguistic as well as cultural terms. Emphasis is place on actively using Persian for interpersonal, interpretive and presentational modes of communication. Therefore use of English is restricted. Listening, speaking, reading, and writing are integrated into the course, as are culture, grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. Students must either have successfully completed PERS-013, or take the departmental placement exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP II", number:"null", id:"42631", path:"/courses/42631", description:"This course is the sequel to EAS 545 and focuses on the planning process for a new technology venture. Like its prerequisite, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. Whereas EAS 545 investigates the sequential stages of engineering entrepreneurship from the initial idea through the early growth phase of a startup company, EAS 546 provides hands-on experience in developing a business plan for such a venture. Working in teams, students prepare and present a comprehensive business plan for a high-tech opportunity. The course expands on topics from EAS 545 with more in-depth attention to: industry and marketplace analysis; competitive strategies related to high-tech product/service positioning, marketing, development and operations; and preparation of sound financial plans. Effective written and verbal presentation skills are emphasized throughout the course. Ultimately, each team presents its plan to a distinguished panel of recognized entrepreneurs, investors and advisors from the high-tech industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPIRIT AND LAW", number:"null", id:"44616", path:"/courses/44616", description:"While accepting 'the yoke of the commandments', Jewish thinkers from antiquity onward have perennially sought to make the teachings of revelation more meaningful in their own lives. Additional impetus for this quest has come from overtly polemical challenges to the law, such as those leveled by Paul, medieval Aristotelians, Spinoza and Kant. This course explores both the critiques of Jewish Law, and Jewish reflections on the Law's meaning and purpose, by examining a range of primary sources within their intellectual and historical contexts. Texts (in English translation) include selections from Midrash, Talmud, medieval Jewish philosophy and biblical exegesis, kabbalah, Hasidic homilies, Jewish responses to the Enlightenment, and contemporary attempts to re-value and invent Jewish rituals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING YIDDISH I", number:"null", id:"39462", path:"/courses/39462", description:"The goal of this course is to help beginning students develop skills in Yiddish conversation, reading and writing. Yiddish is the medium of a millennium of Jewish life. We will frequently have reason to refer to the history and culture of Ashkenazie Jewry in studying the language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANS(L)ITS", number:"null", id:"40080", path:"/courses/40080", description:"The course, required for all majors in the fall of their senior year, considers movements between languages, including those of the students themselves. Research underscores the importance of providing students and adult language learners with the tools to reflect on their own languages learning. This required course provides an important space for German-learners at Penn to draw on one another's experiences in the program, to build a sense of community, and to complete a final project which, in the case of majors, serves to establish their senior thesis. Drawing on Goethe's musings on 'world literature,' the course focuses on authors who have arrived at their German words via global, worldly itineraries. Authors who adopt German as their literary language-sometimes called Chamisso authors in honor of the nineteenth-century writer Adalbert von Chamisso, by birth a French speake-provide a special focus of this course. The course encourages students to become Chamisso authors themselves via a series of critical and creative writing exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOSCALE SCIENCE & ENG", number:"null", id:"37148", path:"/courses/37148", description:"Overview of existing device and manufacturing technologies in microelectronics, optoelectronics, magnetic storage, Microsystems, and biotechnology. Overview of near- and long-term challenges facing those fields. Near- and long-term prospects of nanoscience and related technologies for the evolutionary sustentsion of current approaches, and for the development of revolutionary designs and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECORDING MUSIC", number:"null", id:"41805", path:"/courses/41805", description:"An introduction to music and sound recording with a focus on concerts and live performances. The entire process will be examined from start to finish, including the roles played by composers, musicians, listeners, performance spaces, and recording technology. Meetings will take place in the classroom, in concert spaces and in the studio. Music majors and minors will be given preference for registration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEAF LIT/PERF/ART/FILM", number:"null", id:"40230", path:"/courses/40230", description:"This course is an advanced/conversational ASL course that explores several key topics related to Deaf culture and the Deaf experience s influence on literature (both written and signed), theatre, fine and visual arts, and film -both Deaf and hearing directed and acted. Using only ASL in class, students learn about various perspectives and approaches to each of the themes and topics of the course. Some questions to explore and answer in this course will be: What is Deaf Literature? The Deaf Lens: What is it? How is it different from a hearing perspective on film? How is Deafness expressed differently in each of the arts discussed in this course? Analysis and discussion will come from readings as well as viewings of various types of Deaf arts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"42489", path:"/courses/42489", description:"A basic laboratory course in which both the theoretical and practical aspects of a variety of organic reactions and multistep syntheses are emphasized. Modern chromatographic, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques are applied to experimental organic chemistry. Course should be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 (or 243) or in the semester immediately following.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SUPERBUG EPIDEMIC", number:"null", id:"38209", path:"/courses/38209", description:"The discovery of penicillin ushered in a new medical era - the antibiotic era - where patients no longer died from simple infections. We are now in a seemingly never-ending cycle of new antibiotics. However, the pipeline for antibiotics has slowed and we are rapidly entering the superbug era. We will use antibiotic resistance as a lens through which to understand the critical role that science plays in public health policy. At the end of the course, students should understand how these science-based public health decisions are made with the help of different stakeholders, which in this case include the government and healthcare system, basic and clinical scientists, the food industry and pharmaceutical companies, doctors and veterinarians, individuals and their communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATL CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38614", path:"/courses/38614", description:"This course analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics covered are corporate strategy and the decision to invest abroad, international portfolio diversification, managing exchange risk, taxation issues, cost of capital and financial structure in the multinational firm, and sources of financing. Departmental Website: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/ Registration: Registration for MBA electives is handled through the MBA Course Auction. For questions about core courses or MBA electives that don't appear in the course auction please contact the MBA Program Office. Non-MBAs interested in graduate classes must work throught the academic department and the MBA Program Office.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"41993", path:"/courses/41993", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"44020", path:"/courses/44020", description:"Theories of various industrial organizational structures and problems are developed, including monopoly, oligopoly, nonlinear pricing and price discrimination. These theories are used to model various industries, antitrust cases, and regulatory issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH CENT EUR INTEL HIST", number:"null", id:"41572", path:"/courses/41572", description:"European intellectual and cultural history from 1870 to 1950. Themes to be considered include aesthetic modernism and the avant-garde, the rebellion against rationalism and positivism, Social Darwinism, Second International Socialism, the impact of World War One on European intellectuals, psychoanalysis, existentialism, and the ideological origins of fascism. Figures to be studied include Nietzsche, Freud, Woolf, Sartre, Camus, and Heidegger.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"43582", path:"/courses/43582", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. Student assignments will focus on constructing a neighborhood case study of a community experiencing rapid neighborhood change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL ILLUSTRATION", number:"null", id:"42773", path:"/courses/42773", description:"Digital Illustration is a course designed to expose students to the diverse techniques and approaches used in creating digital illustration for print publication. Course assignments will include two-dimensional animation storyboard rendering, figure illustration, technical diagram illustration, photographic retouching and enhancing. Digital applications will include morphing with layers, surface cloning, three-dimensional modeling and spatial transformation of scenes and objects. Students completing this course will possess the capability to design and plan creatively and skillfully execute finished artwork.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIRTH CULTURE & MED TECH", number:"null", id:"37360", path:"/courses/37360", description:"How we are born and give birth can vary more than most people realize. Until the rise of medical technology, women gave birth at home surrounded by other women. Now, the majority of Americans are born in hospitals, and a large percentage of those birth are the result of surgical interventions. This course will explore the medicalization of birth, as well as the movements dedicated to promoting home birth, natural birth, and midwifery. Many of the readings will examine birth from an unapologetically feminist and/or holistic perspective, and we will discuss the psychological, political, cultural and spiritual dimensions of birth practices. We will also consider the impact of increasingly sophisticated medical technology on conception and pregnancy, including in vitro fertilization, surrogate mothers, and extending the childbearing years well into late life. An important theme throughout will be the concept of 'appropriate technology' -- which technologies are appropriate and who decides? Readings will be drawn from a number of sources, principally midwifery, nursing, and medical journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SAMPLE SURVEY DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44970", path:"/courses/44970", description:"This course will cover the design and analysis of sample surveys. Topics include simple sampling, stratified sampling, cluster sampling, graphics, regression analysis using complex surveys and methods for handling nonresponse bias.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOUSING MARKETS", number:"null", id:"44867", path:"/courses/44867", description:"This course is designed for students interested in the economics and operations of housing markets. It is primarily a U.S. focused course, but does include a limited amount of international material for comparative purposes. The class is divided into four sections: (1) supply and demand for housing, including the operations of homebuilders and rental landlords; (2) house prices, including cycles and price dynamics; (3) international comparisons; and (4) public policy and analysis applied to a current housing markets-related issue. This course presumes knowledge of intermediate economics, as we will apply that knowledge throughout the semester. For Wharton students, this means you must have passed BEPP 250 (undergrads) or MGEC 611 and 612 for MBA's. Non-Wharton students should have taken the equivalent course in the College.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FUNDAMENTALS I", number:"null", id:"39542", path:"/courses/39542", description:"This studio course develops drawing and model-making skills with emphasis on digital representation and digital fabrication. The capacity of nature-inspired design is explored as a foundation for the creative production of new forms of expression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Le Francais dans le Monde/French in the World", number:"null", id:"44235", path:"/courses/44235", description:"Where adn how is French spoken in the world? Which variety (or varieties) of French represents 'good' or standard language use? What does it mean to have an accent or to experience linguistic insecurity? To what extent have political forces and movements historically affected the evolution of French? How do language attitudes differ among French- and English-speaking regions of the world and what is the status of French in an era of globalization? In what ways does language shape our identities? Le Francais dans le monde/French in the World examines these questions by providing a survey of the sociolinguistics of the French language in the contemporary world. We will explore how societal changges influence the manner and the contexts in which the French language is spoken. Case studies focus on various parts of the Francophone world, including Europe (Belgium, Switzerland), New World (Quebec, Caribbean, Louisiana), Africa (North Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa), etc. Readings and class discussions are in French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY: Operations Strategy Practicum", number:"null", id:"37724", path:"/courses/37724", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Asian Americans in Contemporary Society", number:"null", id:"44927", path:"/courses/44927", description:"This class will introduce you to sociological research of Asian Americans and engage in the 'model minority' stereotype. We begin by a brief introduction to U.S. immigration history and sociological theories about assimilation and racial stratification. The class will also cover research on racial and ethnic identity, educational stratification, mass media images, interracial marriage, multiracials, transracial adoption, and the viability of an Asian American panethnic identity. We will also examine the similarities and differences of Asian Americans relative to other minority groups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"40861", path:"/courses/40861", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"41668", path:"/courses/41668", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED FIN ACCT", number:"null", id:"40882", path:"/courses/40882", description:"The intended audience for this course is students with prior knowledge of financial accounting who understand: (1) the recording of economic transactions in the accounting records; (2) the basic financial statements that summarize a firm's economic transactions (the balance sheet, the income statement and the statement of cash flows) and (3) the fundamental concepts needed to prepare or understand published financial statements (e.g. use of accrual accounting). Exploiting prior knowledge, the course aims in six weeks to help students become effective users of financial statements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRIBOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41709", path:"/courses/41709", description:"The course will compreshensively cover both theoretical and practical tribology, the science and technology of interacting surfaces in relative motion. The various modes of lubrication, hydrodynamic, elastohydradynamic, hydrostatic, mixed, solid and dry, will be studied in detail. The contact between solid surfaces will be covered, leading to an understanding of friction and various modes of wear. At each stage, it will be shown how the tribological principles learned can be applied in practice to improve the efficiency and durability of mechanical equipment and thereby enhance sustainability through energy and materials conservation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"42766", path:"/courses/42766", description:"This course is designed to develop visual awareness and perceptual acuity through the process of drawing. Students learn to sharpen perceptual skills through observational drawing, and to explore the expressive potential of drawing. A variety of problems and media will be presented in order to familiarize students with various methods of working and ways of communicating ideas visually. Subject matter will include object study, still life, interior and exterior space, self-portrait and the figure. Different techniques and materials (charcoal, graphite, ink, collage) are explored in order to understand the relationship between means, material and concept. Critical thinking skills are developed through frequent class critiques and through the presentation of and research into historical and contemporary precedent in drawing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS CHEM-POLYM&AMPHIP", number:"null", id:"41070", path:"/courses/41070", description:"This course deals with static and dynamic properties of two important classes of soft materials: polymers and amphiphiles. Examples of these materials include DNA, proteins, diblock copolymers, surfactants and phospholipids. The fundamental theories of these materials are critical of understanding ploymer processing, nanotechnology, biomembranes and biophysics. Special emphasis will be placedon understanding the chain conformation of polymer chains, thermodynamics of polymer chains, thermodynamics of polymer solutions and melts, dynamics of polymer and statistical thermodynamic principles of self-assembly.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT MED EMPIRES", number:"null", id:"39503", path:"/courses/39503", description:"What constituted an empire in antiquity and how was imperialism legitimized? Which measures were used to maintain and organize imperial power? How did foreign rule affect the daily life of people all over the Mediterranean? In this course we will discuss and compare ancient empires from Achaemenid Persia to Alexander the Great and the Hellenistic kingdoms of his successors to the emergence of Rome as one of the most successful and influential empires in world history. Topics that will be discussed include ancient ideas and concepts of imperial rule, patterns of political, economic and cultural power and their interrelations as well as imperial crises and local resistance. All texts will be discussed in translation. There are no prerequisites, although it would be useful to have some background in ancient history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK AND ROMAN UNIVERSE", number:"null", id:"38347", path:"/courses/38347", description:"This course covers the history of Greek and Roman exploration and mapping of the earth and the cosmos from the Bronze Age to Late Antiquity, together with advances in timekeeping and the measurement of time. Readings include poetic, historical, and scientific texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL SUPP CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"44723", path:"/courses/44723", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"39076", path:"/courses/39076", description:"This course will build on concepts presented in the Diagnosis and Management of Adults across the Lifespan (NURS 646) course. The focus is on refining health assessment skills, interpreting findings, developing and implementing appropriate plans of care to meet common health maintenance needs of adults and to promote the health of adults with more complex health problems with an emphasis on the frail adult. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care. The emphasis will be placed upon managing an aging population with complex, chronic healthcare needs and promoting healthy behaviors across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERNISMS & MODERNITIES: LITERATURE GONE VIRAL", number:"null", id:"38443", path:"/courses/38443", description:"This class explores the international emergence of modernism, typically from the middle of the 19th century to the middle of the 20th century. We will examine the links between modernity, the avant-garde, and various national modernisms that emerged alongside them. Resolutely transatlantic and open to French, Spanish, Italian, German, or Russian influences, this course assumes the very concept of Modernism to necessitate an international perspective focusing on the new in literature and the arts -- including film, the theatre, music, and the visual arts. The philosophies of modernism will also be surveyed and concise introductions provided to important thinkers like Marx, Nietzsche, Sorel, Bergson, Freud, and Benjamin.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUTIN'S RUSSIA", number:"null", id:"40650", path:"/courses/40650", description:"Winston Churchill famously said that Russia 'is a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Strikingly, today many informed Russians would agree: no one can provide definitive answers concerning what has driven Russian public life and politics over the past three years, as it ricochetted from the mass protests of 2011 and 2012, into the Pussy Riot scandal, then the Olympics, and most recently to the intense patriotism driving the Russian annexation of Crimea and intervention in Ukraine. In this course we will examine how Russians themselves communicate about and represent Russia and what this reveals about this complex society and its development. We will consider print journalism, novels, films, televised media, and the internetpaying close attention both to particular representations and to social institutions for their production, dissemination and consumption. Topics of special concern will include: conspiracy theories, representations of Russian history, collective identity and patriotism, intellectuals and elites, gender and sexuality, consumption and wealth. Putins Russia is an introductory level course for which no prior knowledge Russian history, culture or society is required. All readings and screenings will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATING CLASSROOM AND CLINICAL PEDAGOGIES IN NURSING EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"39066", path:"/courses/39066", description:"This course builds on the knowledge attained in NURS 600 as well as the knowledge and skills of the expert clinician. The focus of the course is clinical teaching for the advanced practitioner, perceptor preparation and issues related to establishing and maintaining clinical sites. Academic responsibilities of faculty members, ethical and legal issues in education and educational effects of professional trends, health care policies and rapidly changing environments are also explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: DAVINCI:SCIENTIST ARTIST", number:"null", id:"36648", path:"/courses/36648", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"41235", path:"/courses/41235", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN HIST: REINVENTING AFRICA", number:"null", id:"42259", path:"/courses/42259", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of History, the study of past events and past human affairs. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR HONORS IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"44335", path:"/courses/44335", description:"Open to junior honors candidates in history. Introduction to the study and analysis of historical phenomena. Emphasis on theoretical approaches to historical knowledge, problems of methodology, and introduction to research design and strategy. Objective of this seminar is the development of honors thesis proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NEW TESTAMENT", number:"null", id:"37849", path:"/courses/37849", description:"'What can be known - from historical perspectives - about the life and teachings of Jesus and his earliest followers? Did Jesus see himself as a teacher and/or a revolutionary and/or the messiah? If Jesus and the apostles were all Jews, how did Christianity emerge as a distinct 'religion'? distinct from Judaism? And how is that this small Galilean and Judean movement came to shape world history and Western culture even to this day? This course explores these questions through a focus on the formation of the New Testament - from the letters of Paul in the early first century CE, to the collection and closure of the canon of Christian Scriptures in the fourth century CE. In the process, we will explore the lived worlds of the first followers of Jesus through readings of texts within and outside the New Testament but also through art, artifacts, and manuscripts at Penn and in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN BRAIN IMAGING: Functional Imaging of the Human Brain", number:"null", id:"42421", path:"/courses/42421", description:"The course will provide a detailed overview of functional brain imaging and its potential uses. Issues regarding advantages and disadvantages of different modalities, study design image analysis & interpretation and how these relate to various neurological & psycholigical phenomena will be discussed. Class will cover the following specific topics in this general time frame: Introduction to functional brain function, basics of nuclear medicine imaging (including instrumentation, image acquisition, and radiopharmaceuticals for positron emission tomography and single photon emission computed tomography), imaging of neurological disorders, imaging of psychological disorders, introduction to activation studies, image analysis and statistical problems, study design, literature review, journal article presentation, tour of Penn imaging facilities, interpretation of imaging studies, implications for clinical and research, and implications for understanding the human mind and consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A PERIOD: THE TWENTIETH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"35639", path:"/courses/35639", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through a survey of works from a specific historical period. (For offerings in a given semester, please see the on-line course descriptions on the English Department website.) Some versions will begin with traditional stories or poems, including a sampling of works in translation. Others will focus exclusively on modern and contemporary American short fiction or poetry. This course is designed or the General Requirement, and is ideal for students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"44679", path:"/courses/44679", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of children in a variety of ambulatory settings. Opportunity to implement the role of nurse practitioner with children and their families in the community occurs under the guidance of faculty and experienced preceptors. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Collaborative, interdisciplinary practice is emphasized as students assess and manage common problems in consultation with an appropriate provider of care. 20 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor is arranged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL AUDIO BASICS", number:"null", id:"38515", path:"/courses/38515", description:"Primer on digital audio. Overview of signal processing, sampling, compression, human psychoacoustics, MP3, intellectual property, hardware and software platform components, and networking (i.e., the basic technical underpinnings of modern MP3 players and cell phones).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIMENTAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"35372", path:"/courses/35372", description:"This course will help prepare you to run your own economics laboratory and field experiments. Experimental methods have been widely adopted by economists to develop new insights, and some economic theories and hypotheses are uniquely well-suited for testing with experimental tools and data. Achieving high internal and external validity requires careful experimental design. Substantive areas of application in the course will include market equilibrium, asset bubbles, learning in games, public good provision, and labor market relationships. Additional topics may include biases in individual decision-making; field experiments in development economics; and happiness, neuroeconomics, and behavioral/experimental welfare economics. Economists' typical interests in strategic and market-based interactions raise particular methodological challenges and opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUS REL & HUM RES MGMT", number:"null", id:"43112", path:"/courses/43112", description:"This undergraduate core course introduces students to a combination of basic concepts and timely topics around work and employment. As such, it is divided into two main sections and two quarters within each of those. The first main section deals with micro-level work issues, while the second main section deals with macro-level work issues. Within each of those sections, the first quarter focuses on basic concepts, while the quarter section deals with more applied topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIA AND THE WEST", number:"null", id:"40654", path:"/courses/40654", description:"This is the course description for the 2015 Summer Session II only 

This course will explore the representations of America in Russian political and cultural history from mid 18th to the early 21st century. We will consider the history of Russian and American relations and Russian visions of various events and aspects of American political, economic, social, and cultural life the Revolution, American-Indian wars, industrialization, Civil War, political system, sexual relations, New York City, cinema industry, pop and rock music, etc. within the context of Russian political and ideological history. We will also examine how images of America reflect Russia's own cultural concerns, anticipations, and biases. The class will consist of lectures, discussion, and several mini-dramas in which students will reenact certain historical and cultural conflicts. The course requirements include active participation, one in-class presentation and one take-home exam. 

This course will explore the representations of the West in eighteenth- and nineteenth- century Russian literature and philosophy. We will consider the Russian visions of various events and aspects of Western political and social life Revolutions, educational system, public executions, resorts, etc. within the context of Russian intellectual history. We will examine how images of the West reflect Russia's own cultural concerns, anticipations, and biases, as well as aesthetic preoccupations and interests of Russian writers. The discussion will include literary works by Karamzin, Pushkin, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Leskov, and Tolstoy, as well as non-fictional documents, such as travelers' letters, diaries, and historiosophical treatises of Russian Freemasons, Romantic and Positivist thinkers, and Russian social philosophers of the late Nineteenth century. A basic knowledge of nineteenth-century European history is desirable. The class will consist of lectures, discussion, short writing assignments, and two in-class tests. 

This course will explore the representations of the West in eighteenth- and nineteenth- century Russian literature and philosophy. We will consider the Russian visions of various events and aspects of Western political and social life Revolutions, educational system, public executions, resorts, etc. within the context of Russian intellectual history. We will examine how images of the West reflect Russia's own cultural concerns, anticipations, and biases, as well as aesthetic preoccupations and interests of Russian writers. The discussion will include literary works by Karamzin, Pushkin, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Leskov, and Tolstoy, as well as non-fictional documents, such as travelers' letters, diaries, and historiosophical treatises of Russian Freemasons, Romantic and Positivist thinkers, and Russian social philosophers of the late Nineteenth century. A basic knowledge of nineteenth-century European history is desirable. The class will consist of lectures, discussion, short writing assignments, and two in-class tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS", number:"null", id:"45172", path:"/courses/45172", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEER TUTOR TRAINING", number:"null", id:"36660", path:"/courses/36660", description:"This course is by nomination and invitation only. It is intended for capable writers who possess the maturity, temperament, and skills to work successfully as peer tutors at Penn. The course emphasizes the development of tutors' own writing through the process of collaborative peer-criticism, individual conferences, and intensive sessions on writing, from mechanics to style; it also focuses on writing pedagogy, research, and tutoring strategies. The class meets twice weekly; tutors also work two hours weekly in the Writing Center or elsewhere, and confer regularly in small groups or one-on-one meetings with the instructor. Tutors are required to write five short papers, eight one-page peer reviews, and two responses to readings. Additionally, students keep a journal and give two class presentations. CWIC-affiliated course. www.fission.sas.upenn.edu/writing/ccs/catalog.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"40618", path:"/courses/40618", description:"This course will review recent research that combines psychological, economic and neuroscientific approaches to study human and animal decision-making. A particular focus will be on how evidence about the neural processes associated with choices might be used to constrain economic and psychological theories of decision-making. Topics covered will include decisions involving risk and uncertainty, reinforcement learning, strategic interactions and games, and social preferences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"40622", path:"/courses/40622", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE, HIST & CULTR II: ROMANTICS, REALISTS, AND REVOLUTIONARIES", number:"null", id:"44993", path:"/courses/44993", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice from the end of the Eighteenth-Century to the present, with an emphasis on interplay of mainstream practices with the newly emerging aesthetics of acting, scenography, and theatrical theory, and the interplay of popular entertainment and audiences with the self-defined aesthetic elitism of the Avant Garde. Among the aesthetics and phenomena we will examine are romanticism and melodrama; bourgeois realism and revolutionary naturalism; emotional-realist acting; the reaction against realism; political theatre; physical theatre; theatre and media; non-dramatic theatre; and theatre that challenges long-standing categories of national identity, empire, gender, and sexuality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTER'S THESIS RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"43450", path:"/courses/43450", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART, DESIGN AND DIGITAL CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38569", path:"/courses/38569", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamental perception, representation, aesthetics, and design that shape today's visual culture. It addresses the way artists and designers create images; design with analog and digital tools; communicate, exchange, and express meaning over broad range of media; and find their voices within the fabric of contemporary art, design, and visual culture. Emphasis is placed on building an extended form of visual literacy by studying and making images using a variety of representation techniques; learning to organize and structure two-dimensional and three-dimensional space, and designing with time-based and procedural media. Students learn to develop an individual style of idea-generation, experimentation, iteration, and critique as part of their creative and critical responses to visual culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DON QUIJOTE: DON QUIJOTE THEN & NOW", number:"null", id:"43526", path:"/courses/43526", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"36376", path:"/courses/36376", description:"Portuguese for Spanish Speakers II is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the advanced intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP, ADVOCACY, AND THE PRACTICE OF INTEGRATED NURSING CARE OF ASD", number:"null", id:"45235", path:"/courses/45235", description:"Emphasis is on the synthesis of course content practice. Through classroom and clinical experiences, students critically examine the role of nursing in the life-long care of people with ASD, and identify ways to expand the scope of nursing care for this vulnerable population. Students explore the availability of services in the community and discuss approaches to patient advocacy. Students have opportunities to select an area of specialization to develop specific practice expertise. Such areas are Diagnosis and Referral Practices (e.g. ADOS Training), Behavioral Therapy Training (e.g. Applied Behavioral Analysis), and clinical research. Practical issues of collaboration and reimbursement for services are explored. Students' clinical experiences are designed to facilitate scholarship, independence and advanced specialization in a chosen component of ASD care, for example, behavioral analysis, screening and/or diagnosis, or an agenda for research. Students identify and implement an independent project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOW TO READ THE BIBLE", number:"null", id:"44876", path:"/courses/44876", description:"While the Bible may be the most read text in the world, it is not clear that anyone understands what it actually means. Secular scholars read the Bible as they would any other ancient document, trying to understand who wrote it and what it reveals about the past, but that is not how the Bible is understood by hundreds of millions of readers who embrace it as a message from God and read its contents not just to learn about the past but to understand what the meaning of life is, how to be a good person, and where the world is headed. How is it that the Bible is read in such different ways by the secular and the religious? Who is right in the struggle over its meaning, and how does one go about deciphering that meaning in the first place?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENT ZULU I RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"38056", path:"/courses/38056", description:"This elementary course is for beginners and it requires no prior knowledge of Zulu. The course will expose students to the Zulu language and culture and will be based in the National Standards for Foreign Language Learning. Students will be engaged in communicative language learning through interpersonal, interpretive and presentational modes of language learning techniques. They will gain knowledge and understanding of the Zulu culture. They will use their Zulu language and culture learning experience to connect with other disciplines and further their knowledge of these disciplines through perspectives acquired from their Zulu class. They will also develop insight into the nature of language and culture through comparisons of the Zulu language and culture and their own. Through movies, songs, and other cultural activities online students will acquire the natural use of the language which will enable them to acquire linguistic and cultural skill to become life-long learners who can participate in Zulu communities in the U.S. and overseas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIV SEC ROLE GLOB HLTH", number:"null", id:"35894", path:"/courses/35894", description:"Issues surrounding global health have captivated the attention of the public sector and foundations for many decades. Many of their initiatives are realizing progress on the health-related Millennium Development Goals. The private sector has been less engaged in global health, but has a significant role to play in providing resources and in building infrastructure, human resource capacity and sustainability. This course explores entrepreneurial and other private sector solutions for health services and access to medicines and technologies in the developing world and other underserved areas. The course also encompasses study of creative programs to engage the private sector in development of vaccines and medicines for tropical and neglected diseases. Furthermore, the course addresses novel care systems and therapeutic strategies for the rapidly growing burden of chronic, non-communicable diseases in the developing world. In short, the course builds on the content of conventional global health courses from a managerial and entrepreneurial perspective. Learning is driven through readings, class discussion and a series of guest speakers representing a wide range of global health issues. Evaluation is largely based on a student group project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"39038", path:"/courses/39038", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE BEFORE 1660", number:"null", id:"41269", path:"/courses/41269", description:"This course will introduce students to key works of English literature written before 1660. It will explore the major literary genres of this period, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. The course will examine how literature texts articulate changes in language and form, as well as in concepts of family, nation, and community during the medieval and early modern periods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITIONAL ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43708", path:"/courses/43708", description:"This course will explore the significance as it relates to food behaviors and nutritional status in contemporary human populations. The topics covered will be examined from a biocultural perspective and include 1) definition and functions of nutrients and how different cultures perceive nutrients, 2) basic principles of human growth and development, 3) methods to assess dietary intake, 4) food taboos, 5) feeding practices of infants and children, 6) food marketing, 7) causes and consequences of under- and over-nutrition, and 8) food insecurity and hunger.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"39651", path:"/courses/39651", description:"Advanced study of re DNA techniques; bioreactor design for bacteria, mammalian and insect culture; separation methods; chromatography; drug and cell delivery systems; gene therapy; and diagnostics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANT PHYSIOLOGY THROUGH SPACE AND TIME", number:"null", id:"43829", path:"/courses/43829", description:"This course is a lab/lecture/seminar hybrid that will meet once per week for three hours. Each session will consist of mini-lecture/lab, paper discussions/lab, or solely lab efforts. All reading assignments will be available on Canvas (no textbook fees). We will exam various aspects of photosynthesis, water relations and nutrient acquisition in the context of the evolutionary progression of higher plants. With each subject, we will consider, measure, and in some cases model whole-plant physiology while examining sub-cellular-level controls and ecosystem-to-global-level consequences. This course is designed to give molecular biologists through earth-system scientists the tools to measure and understand whole-plant physiological responses to molecular manipulation and environmental variability. All students will learn to appreciate the context of their work on both micro and macro scales.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"35439", path:"/courses/35439", description:"Continuation of CHEM 221. Principles and applications of thermodynamics, and a molecular-based understanding of macroscopic properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY TWI II", number:"null", id:"42294", path:"/courses/42294", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VILLA GARDENS AND VILLA LIFE", number:"null", id:"38128", path:"/courses/38128", description:"This seminar will study the idea of villeggiature (villa life) and the ideology associated with countryside gardens and plantations. In an examination of the circularity of villa ideology across the centuries, other themes will emerge that address the relationship between urban and rural life, between architecture and natural environment and between social, cultural, economic, and political forces and landscape design. These themes will be explored through the study of selected villas and through the reading of sources drawn from villa literature, including architectural and agricultural treatises, epistolary exchanges, and drawings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC REACTIONS", number:"null", id:"41092", path:"/courses/41092", description:"Introduction to advanced organic synthesis. Study of important synthetic reactions including: oxidations, reductions, and methods for the formation of carbon-carbon bonds, with an emphasis in chemoselectivity, stereoselectivity and asymmetric synthesis. Survey of modern methods for the synthesis of small, medium and large ring systems. Analysis of modern synthetic strategies, with illustrative examples from total synthesis of natural and unnatural products.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ISRAELI NEWS COVERAGE: ISRAELI NEWS COVERAGE THROUGH THE PRISM OF BEAT REPORTING", number:"null", id:"43150", path:"/courses/43150", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM MODERN HEBREW LIT: LITERARY AUTOBIOGRAPHIES", number:"null", id:"38717", path:"/courses/38717", description:"This course is for students who are interested in takin in", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ODYSSEY & ITS AFTERLIFE", number:"null", id:"42567", path:"/courses/42567", description:"As an epic account of wandering, survival, and homecoming, Homer's Odyssey has been a constant source of themes and images with which to define and redefine the nature of heroism, the sources of identity, and the challenge of finding a place in the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Madness and Madmen in Russian Culture", number:"null", id:"43458", path:"/courses/43458", description:"Is 'insanity' today the same thing as 'madness' of old? Who gets to define what it means to be 'sane,' and why? Are the causes of madness biological or social? In this course, we will grapple with these and similar questions while exploring Russia's fascinating history of madness as a means to maintain, critique, or subvert the status quo. We will consider the concept of madness in Russian culture beginning with its earliest folkloric roots and trace its depiction and function in the figure of the Russian 'holy fool,' in classical literature, and in contemporary film. Readings will include works by many Russian greats, such as Pushkin, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Chekhov, Bulgakov and Nabokov.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHITECT AND HISTORY", number:"null", id:"36757", path:"/courses/36757", description:"Human experience is shaped by the built environment. This course introduces students to the interrelated fields of architecture, art history, and engineering and explores great architectural monuments from the ancient to the modern period, from India across the Mediterranean and Europe to the US. The focus will be on understanding these works in their structure and function, both as products of individual ingenuity and reflections of Zeitgeist. Questioning these monuments from a present-day perspective across the cultures will be an important ingredient, as will be podium discussions, guest lectures, excursions, and all kinds of visualizations, from digital walk-throughs to practical design exercises. Regularly taught in fall term, this course fulfills Sector IV, Humanities and Social Science, and it satisfies History of Art 100-level course requirements. This course cannot be taken on a pass/fail level. There is only ONE recitation in this course, attached directly to Friday's class at 2-3 p.m., in order to provide sufficient time for practica and field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"45299", path:"/courses/45299", description:"What infants and young children come to know about the world, and how they learn it. Topics will include changes in children's thinking, perceptual development, language acquisition, and current theories of cognitive development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN FRANCE: 1789-1945", number:"null", id:"38646", path:"/courses/38646", description:"French cultural and social history from the Revolution of 1789 to the liberation of Paris in 1944. Readings in primary and secondary sources, including political documents, literary excerpts and contemporary articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE & ETHNIC RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"45303", path:"/courses/45303", description:"The course will focus on race and ethnicity in the United States. We begin with a brief history of racial categorization and immigration to the U.S. The course continues by examining a number of topics including racial and ethnic identity, interracial and interethnic friendships and marriage, racial attitudes, mass media images, residential segregation, educational stratification, and labor market outcomes. The course will include discussions of African Americans, Whites, Hispanics, Asian Americans and multiracials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38601", path:"/courses/38601", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EFFECTS OF CANCER AND CANCER THERAPY", number:"null", id:"44680", path:"/courses/44680", description:"Principles of cancer treatment, associated responses and symptom management are presented. Emphasis is on the development of advanced clinical decision making skills in identifying multiple alterations resulting from cancer and cancer therapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"43370", path:"/courses/43370", description:"Portuguese 134 is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY CHEM I", number:"null", id:"41076", path:"/courses/41076", description:"Similar in coverage to Chemistry 101. This course explores the basic concepts and principles of chemistry, with a greater emphasis on problem solving. It is designed for students with a lesser background in chemistry and/or mathe- matics. It is suitable for chemistry majors, non-majors, or preprofessional students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND RELIGION", number:"null", id:"42057", path:"/courses/42057", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"37998", path:"/courses/37998", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology. 

Among the theoretical frames students will learn will be the tools of systems thinking (Bertalanffy, 1968). While most of us have internalized the key lesson of the industrial revolution-that to understand something we must break it into its parts; systems thinking, in contrast, is about understanding the parts in relation to whole. The power of systems thinking is that each point of connection also serves as a point of intervention. By showing the importance of decisions of those within classrooms and those outside of them, this course is well-suited to students of education, but also any who seek a role in creating a more just society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"War on Drugs: Latin America", number:"null", id:"43374", path:"/courses/43374", description:"Freshmen seminars are small, substantive courses taught by members of the faculty and open only to freshmen. These seminars offer an excellent opportunity to explore areas not represented in high school curricula and to establish relationships with faculty members around areas of mutual interest. See www.college.upenn.edu/admissions/freshmen.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN", number:"null", id:"42350", path:"/courses/42350", description:"An exploration of the design process utilizing drawing and model-making techniques. Skills of representation and fabrication are introduced in the context of the development of each student's capacity to observe, interpret, and translate design concepts into physical form. The course includes a weekly lecture and a biweekly studio component.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWEDISH I", number:"null", id:"37887", path:"/courses/37887", description:"Basic language course stressing grammatical structures and vocabulary, pronunciation, simple conversation and reading of elementary texts. Credit for this course will only be given upon successful completion of SCND 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"39993", path:"/courses/39993", description:"This course focuses on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL CHG IN 3RD WRLD", number:"null", id:"37792", path:"/courses/37792", description:"This is a comparative politics course that examines political and socio-economic change in the so-called 'Third World,' defined here as post-colonial developing areas in Asia, Africa and Latin America. The course is not as concerned with keeping up with current events as with analyzing the relationships between colonial legacies, the initial challenges of post-colonial political and socioeconomic development, and how these interact with contemporary problems and global trends. Although chiefly concerned with 'political change' within countries, it will also devote substantial attention to economic, socio-cultural and international factors. The course is divided into three parts. The first examines the common and distinctive features of colonial rule in different regions as well as the varying challenges of political and economic development in diverse post-colonial settings. The second part focuses on elaborating on the themes developed in the first by looking more closely at the developmental experiences of Brazil, India, Algeria, Iran, Nigeria, and South Korea (with passing references to other countries as comparative referents). The third part focuses on trends and challenges that have emerged over the last two decades - including market reforms, democratization, and problems related to gender and the environment -", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CASE ANALYSIS IN CLINICAL NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"37646", path:"/courses/37646", description:"This course is designed for present and future nurse professionals who wish to increase their knowledge of nutrition and expertise and application of knowledge to achieve optimal health of clients and themselves. Principles of medical nutrition therapy in health care delivery are emphasized in periods of physiologic stress and metabolic alterations. Individual nutrient requirements are considered from pathophysiologic and iatrogenic influences on nutritional status. Nutritional considerations for disease states will be explored through epidemiological, prevalence, incidence, treatment and research data. Understanding application of medical nutrition therapy are included through case analysis and field experiences", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS I", number:"null", id:"43108", path:"/courses/43108", description:"To introduce students to advanced classical equilibrium thermodynamics based on Callen's postulatory approach, to exergy (Second-Law) analysis, and to fundamentals of nonequilibrium thermodynamics. Applications to be treated include the thermodynamic foundations of energy processes and systems including advanced power generation and aerospace propulsion cycles, batteries and fuel cells, combustion, diffusion, transport in membranes, materials properties and elasticity, superconductivity, biological processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELF-CARE OF CHRONIC ILL: CASE STUDY: SELF-CARE OF CHRONIC ILLNESS", number:"null", id:"41844", path:"/courses/41844", description:"This case study introduces the role of self-care by patients with chronic illness. We will discuss the history, definitions, predictors, and outcomes of self-care in various chronically ill populations. A focus of discussion will be an in depth exploration of the factors that influence self-care. Understanding these factors will prepare nurses for their role in promoting patient self-care. Fieldwork experiences will enable students to gain practical experience in engaging chronically ill individuals in self-care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RTS&GLOBALIZATION", number:"null", id:"36021", path:"/courses/36021", description:"The 2000 UN Global Compact has confirmed the role of TNCs as central actors in the UN system of international human rights law, but whether their role should be voluntary or legally mandated remains in dispute. This course introduces students to how globalization has led to projects for expanding international human rights law to capture the operations of TNCs and why this development is opposed in many quarters. Competing perspectives on the pros and cons of imposing human rights responsibilities on TNCs and on the respective roles that businesses and governments should play will be examined. The Positions of various governments, businesses, international institutions, academics, and NGOs will be considered, and a number of illustrative case studies will be analyzed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE IV", number:"null", id:"38284", path:"/courses/38284", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN111, this is the fourth course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given every other week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR SYSTEMS THEORY", number:"null", id:"41362", path:"/courses/41362", description:"This graduate-level course focuses on continuous and discrete n-dimensional linear systems with m inputs and p outputs in a time domain based on linear operators. The course covers general discussions of linear systems such as, linearization of non-linear systems, existence and uniqueness of state-equation solutions, transition matrices and their properties, methods for computing functions of matrices and transition matrices and state-variable changes. It also includes z-transform and Laplace transform methods for time-invariant systems and Floquet decomposition methods for periodic systems. The course then moves to stability analysis, including: uniform stability, uniform exponential stability, asymptotic stability, uniform asymptotic stability, Lyapunov transformations, Lyapunov stability criteria, eigenvalues conditions and input-output stability analysis. Applications involving the topics of controllability, observability, realizability, minimal realization, controller and observer forms, linear feedback, and state feedback stabilization are included, as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSICAL TRADITIONS", number:"null", id:"38341", path:"/courses/38341", description:"A broad consideration of the ways in which writers and artists from the early modern era to the present day have responded to the classical tradition, borrowing from, imitating, questioning, and challenging their classical predecessors. Through modern reworkings of ancient epic, tragedy, biography, and lyric by authors ranging from Shakespeare and Racine to contemporary poets, painters, and filmmakers, we will ask what the terms 'classical' and 'tradition' might mean and will track the continuities and differences between antiquity and the modern world. Should we see ancient Greek and Roman culture as an inheritance, a valuable source of wealth bequeathed to the modern age? Or is there something wrong with that picture? How do ancient texts have to be adapted and transformed if they are to speak to modern conditions and concerns? This is an introductory-level course open to anyone who cares about the relationship between the present and the past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WELL WOMEN HEALTH CARE, THEORY", number:"null", id:"40478", path:"/courses/40478", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of physical, emotional, socio-cultural and educational needs of gynecologic primary health care of women from adolescence through post-menopausal years. The content is directed at expanding the expertise of the student in in meeting the primary women's health care needs in contemporary society. Social influences that have an impact on women's lives are also explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL-ORGANIC CHEM", number:"null", id:"36880", path:"/courses/36880", description:"Applications of frontier molecular orbital theory to the study of the structure, bonding and reactivity of organic compounds. Topics discussed will include thermochemistry, symmetry, pi electron theory, aromaticity, pericyclic reactions and fragment molecular orbital theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED TURKISH II", number:"null", id:"45007", path:"/courses/45007", description:"Expands students writing and speaking competence in Turkish, increases vocabulary, and helps students' practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our In-class discussions are based on role-plays and weekly readings and news reports from TV and newspapers. We create Discussion wil take place in this course and let them and students will communicate through, threaded discussions, chat rooms and skype. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students' will, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar will be extended through specific grammar exercises. They Students will have the opportunity to practice and read about the cultural and historical issues and get prepared for an advanced level Turkish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"37295", path:"/courses/37295", description:"A continuation of HEBR 051, First Year Modern Hebrew, which assumes basic skills of reading and speaking and the use of the present tense. Open to all students who have completed one semester of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FILIPINO LANG/CULTR", number:"null", id:"42312", path:"/courses/42312", description:"The Filipino Language and Culture is an advanced language and culture course offered to students who are in the upper immediate level of Filipino Language or those who had been certified to be proficient in Filipino language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO OPTIMIZ THEORY", number:"null", id:"39941", path:"/courses/39941", description:"The course provides a detailed inroduction to linear and nonlinear optimization analysis as well as integer optimization analysis. It discusses methods for the mathematical formulation of linear programming (LP) integer programming (IP) and nonlinear programming (NLP) problems, as well as methods of computational tools used for their solutions. In discussions surrounding the solutions to LP problems, the Simplex method and the Revised Simplex methods are covered in a fairly rigorous fashion along with the LINDO computational computer package. Sensitivity analysis associated with the optimal solutions to LP problems is also discussed in detail using both geometric and algebraic methods. In discussions surrounding the solutions to IP problems, the course covers: (a) branch and bound, (b) enumeration and (c) cutting-plane methods, and these are applied to numerous classic problems in IP. In discussions surrounding the solutions to NLP problems, the course covers methods involving: (a) differential Calculus, (b) steepest ascent and decent and (c) Lagrange Multipliers. The Kuhn-Tucker Conditions are also presented and applied to problems in Quadratic Programming. Many examples are selected from a broad range of engineering and business problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY A", number:"null", id:"36817", path:"/courses/36817", description:"General principles of biology focusing on the basic chemistry of life, cell biology, molecular biology, and genetics in all types of living organisms. Particular emphasis will be given to links between the fundamental processes covered and current challenges of humankind in the areas of energy, food, and health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"36520", path:"/courses/36520", description:"Topic vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDATIONS OF DEC PROC", number:"null", id:"40510", path:"/courses/40510", description:"The course is an introduction to research on normative, descriptive and prescriptive models of judgement and choice under uncertainty. We will be studying the underlying theory of decision processes as well as applications in individual group and organizational choice. Guest speakers will relate the concepts of decision processes and behavioral economics to applied problems in their area of expertise. As part of the course there will be a theoretical or empirical term paper on the application of decision processes to each student's particular area of interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRYPTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"36945", path:"/courses/36945", description:"This course is a graduate-level introduction to cryptography, both theory and applications. Topics covered include symmetric cryptography, message authentication, public-key cryptography, digital signatures, cryptanalysis, cryptographic security, and secure channels, as well as a selection of more advanced topics such as zero-knowledge proofs, secure multiparty computation, privacy-enhancing technologies, or lattice-based cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GUJARATI II", number:"null", id:"44281", path:"/courses/44281", description:"This course is designed as a continuation of intermediate Gujarati I. Course objectives are to expand the mastery of sentence patterns and augment vocabulary and its usage through intensive grammar and comprehension exercises. A special emphasis will be placed on greater cultural awareness. Upon completion of this course students should be able to interact socially with added confidence and greater expressiveness. Students should also experience a great improvement in their comprehension of spoken and written language. During the second year of Gujarati, students are introduced to progressively more difficult reading selections, along with additional instructions in the formal grammar of the language. To maintain and develop oral and aural command of the language, readings are discussed in Gujarati. To develop their writing abilities, students are also expected to compose short essays on their readings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Origins of Jewish Studies", number:"null", id:"35877", path:"/courses/35877", description:"Reading and discussion course on selected topics in Jewish history. The instructors are visiting scholars at the Center for Advanced Judaic Studies. Topic and seminar title for Spring 2015: Topics in Jewish Studies: The Origins of Jewish Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"45130", path:"/courses/45130", description:"Examination of the structure and effects of visual media (film, television, advertising, and other kinds of pictures).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASS SOC THEORY", number:"null", id:"43495", path:"/courses/43495", description:"This course will cover the founding classics of the sociological tradition including works of Tocqueville, Marx and Engels, Weber, Durkheim, Mauss, Simmel, and G.H.Mead. We will also examine how the major traditions have continued and transformed into theories of conflict, domination, resistance and social change; social solidarity, ritual and symbolism; symbolic interactionist and phenomenological theory of discourse, self and mind. This course satisfies the theory requirement for sociology majors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL CORP FINAN", number:"null", id:"35778", path:"/courses/35778", description:"Analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics include managing exchange risk through hedging and financing, measuring exchange rate exposure, calculating the cost of capital for foreign operations, assessment of sovereign risks, capital budgeting from a project and parent perspective, and international taxation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE & LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"39429", path:"/courses/39429", description:"This course is designed to give in-depth exposure to some of the finest works of classical and modern Urdu prose and poetry along with the historical and socio-political trends they represent. Figures covered range from Ghalib (b.1797) to Faiz, Fehmida Riaz, and post 9/11 Urdu prose and poetry. The course is open to both undergraduates and graduate students, subject to having intermediate level proficiency. The course is repeatable, and hte content changes every semester. Multi-media content such as music, videos, blogs etc. will be actively incorporated. Every effort will be made to accommidate individual interests. Students are encouraged to contact the instructor with any questions, or if they are unsure about eligibility.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY: WINDOW TO THE HUMAN PAST", number:"null", id:"40917", path:"/courses/40917", description:"This course will introduce students to the methods and theory of archaeology by exploring how we turn archaeological data into statements about cultural behavior. We will discuss the place of archaeology in the broader field of anthropology and debate issues facing the discipline today. The course will rely on case studies from around the world and from many different time periods to introduce students to the research process, field and lab methods, and essential questions of archaeological anthropology. Students will have the opportunity to work hands-on with archaeological materials through visiting the galleries and working with Penn Museum collections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP", number:"null", id:"41799", path:"/courses/41799", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71). Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DARK DEEDS: CRIME AND DETECTION NOVELS", number:"null", id:"44272", path:"/courses/44272", description:"The detective story and the crime drama are time-honored genres of literature and popular culture. We are drawn to morbid scenes of violence and crime, and satisfied by the apprehension of criminals and their punishment. At the same time, the process of detection, of deciphering clues, is much like the process of reading and interpretion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"44182", path:"/courses/44182", description:"FNCE 101 is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"37432", path:"/courses/37432", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language ( ASL ); cultural values and behavioral rules of the deaf community in the U.S.; receptive and expressive activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling and aspects of Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35399", path:"/courses/35399", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TPCS IN THEATRE: STEPHEN SONDHEIM", number:"null", id:"43575", path:"/courses/43575", description:"This course will combine an intensive practical and intellectual investigation of some area of the making of theatre: performance techniques, theatrical styles, a particular period of theatre history. Please visit the Theatre Arts Program website for current topics for Thar 275 and other Theatre Arts Courses and special topics: https://theatre.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38586", path:"/courses/38586", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory, the methods, and the concerns of corporate finance. The concepts developed in FNCE 100 form the foundation for all elective finance courses. The main topics include: 1) the time value of money and capital budgeting techniques; 2) uncertainty and the trade-off between risk and return; 3) security market efficiency; 4) optimal capital structure, and 5) dividend policy decisions. During the fall semester there are honors sections of FNCE 100 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL & SOC ENVIRON OF MM", number:"null", id:"40844", path:"/courses/40844", description:"Managing effectively in challenging socio-political environments (e.g., emerging markets) requires a melding of art and skill in engaging external stakeholders to advance corporate interests. This means crafting international coalitions of stakeholders spanning politicians, regulators, bureaucrats, analysts, investors, lawyers, reporters, consumers, non-profits, activists and local communities. It involves influencing these stakeholders' opinions, perceptions, behaviors and decisions so as to secure a favorable policy outcome, collective decision, shift in group opinion or pooling of resources that enhances the corporation's ability to generate a profit by satisfying a market demand. This course surveys the managerial, political, economic, sociological and psychological foundations of corporate diplomacy as well as case study examples of successful and failed implementation in order to develop an interdisciplinary framework for navigating complex socio-political environments. The insights gained can be applied to influence team decision-making and organizational politics as well as by individuals and organizations in lobbying, marketing, product development, distribution and sales, political campaigns and corporate, national or multilateral projections of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECONOMICS (HALF CU)", number:"null", id:"40830", path:"/courses/40830", description:"FNCE 615 Introduction To Macroeconomics and The Global Economic Environment (Half Cu) is intended for non-finance majors. It is a half-semester course in macroeconomics, with an emphasis on current events and policy applications. The goal of this course is to provide the foundation needed to recognize and understand broad economic and financial movements in the global economy. Key topics include national income accounting, production and economic growth, employment, business cycles, monetary and fiscal policy, and international finance. By the end of this course, students will be able to evaluate and discuss the global economic environment in which business and financial decisions are made. PLEASE NOTE: This course will not count towards a Finance Major", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HAND-DRAWN COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"41392", path:"/courses/41392", description:"Using software tools designed for hand-drawn animation, students will develop animation skills applicable to all forms of animation. In this course students will learn to draw with a sense of urgency and purpose as they represent motion and drama in a series of frames. Through careful study of natural movements, precedents in the history of animation, and through the completion of a series of animation projects students will develop strategies for representing naturalistic movement, inventing meaningful transformations of form, and storytelling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"41423", path:"/courses/41423", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE CINEMA", number:"null", id:"42610", path:"/courses/42610", description:"This course provides an introduction to the cinema and culture in the Peoples Republic of China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. We examine the following questions: What is at stake in defining Chinese cinema and culture toward the end of the twentieth century and at the beginning of the twenty-first? What kinds of contextual differences exist in the Chinese-speaking world and how are they represented and negotiated in cinematic production in the past twenty years? In addition to exploring how these cinemas reflect the changing social, cultural, political, economic, and historical conditions, we will investigate how the idea of a national culture is imagined and articulated in different Chinese societies. While this course focuses on Chinese films, we will also examine some of the Japanese and Korean films in order to complicate the question of national culture. Among the aims of this course is to examine the ways in which modern East Asian cinemas and cultures are in dialogue with one another, while recognizing the specific conditions and cultural forces that are at work in each location. Another key objective is to introduce students to the language of cinematic and cultural criticism, and help them develop skills in analyzing films and cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW I", number:"null", id:"41528", path:"/courses/41528", description:"An introduction to the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew. This course assumes no previous knowledge of Hebrew. A grade of B- or higher is needed to proceed to HEBR 052, Elementary Modern Hebrew II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"37223", path:"/courses/37223", description:"French 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. 

As in other French courses at Penn, class will be conducted entirely in French. In addition to structured oral practice, work in class will include frequent communicative activities such as role-plays, problem-solving tasks, discussions, and debates, often carried out in pairs or small groups. Through the study of authentic materials such as articles, poems, songs, films, videos, you will deepen your knowledge of the French-speaking world. Daily homework will require listening practice with audio and video material, in addition to regular written exercises in the workbook and frequent composition practice. 

Students who have completed French 120, or with an SATII score of 450-540 or a lacement score between 30 and 35 should enroll in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY AND FICTION", number:"null", id:"35760", path:"/courses/35760", description:"In spite of photographys traditional relationship with fact, the medium has been a vehicle for fiction since the very beginning. Fiction and photography encompass a broad range of meanings,from elaborately staging and performing forhe camera, to manipulations using digital technology such as Photoshop to construct the work. This class will examine and trace the history of manipulated photography while paying special attention to the complex negotiations between the decisive moment, the constructed tableau, and the digitally manipulated image. There will be a combination of class lectures, studio projects, assigned readings, visiting artists, film screenings, field trips, and class critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERICLEAN ATHENS", number:"null", id:"35527", path:"/courses/35527", description:"Athens in the 5th century BC witnesses a cultural flowering of extraordinary power and importance for Western culture. In this class we will examine the achievements of Athens in its Golden Age, beginning with the Persian Wars, seminal events that saw the Greeks defeat the numerically superior Persians. In the generation that followed, Athens rapidly transformed the alliance of Greek states dedicated to taking the war back to Persia into an Aegean empire, dominated b y the Athenians and their fleet. At the same time, this dramatic in power and prestige was accompanied by the growth of full participatory democracy. We examine the daily working of that democracy, asking how an Athenian was trained for citizenship. What did democracy mean in practice? What did freedom and autonomy mean to a society that relied on slaves and was ruthless in its treatment of its subjects? In order to answer these questions we juxtapose the breathtaking accomplishments of the Athenians, in fields such as philosophy, tragedy, comedy, sculpture and architecture, with the exclusion of women from public life, the torture and abuse of slaves, and the execution of other Greek populations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AM DEATH PEN. THRY & PRA", number:"null", id:"41210", path:"/courses/41210", description:"Over the past forty years, in response to controversy over the American death penalty, the Supreme Court has created a framework of rules designed to make the death penalty conform to current societal standards. In this course, we will identify the critical issues identified by the courts (and the critics) in light of the practical realities of capital litigation, and we will ask whether the efforts to address these issues have been successful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"40017", path:"/courses/40017", description:"This course will examine American expressive culture, including everyday speech, narrative, music, foodways, religion, public celebrations, and material culture through an exploration of the multiple and changing avenues of diversity in the United States. Folklore can be considered the unofficial culture that exists beneath and between the institutions of power that we read about in our history books, and that is what we will be studying--the 99% of American life that goes unseen and unnoticed in other college courses. Some of the topics we will examine are: campus folklore; body art and adornment; contemporary (urban) legends and beliefs; public celebrations and rituals; and the adaptation and commodification of folk culture in popular media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEETHOVEN'S 9TH SYMPHONY", number:"null", id:"41792", path:"/courses/41792", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small setting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics will be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:/www .college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php. Fulfills Arts and Letters sector requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR THE HIGH RISK NEONATE", number:"null", id:"39093", path:"/courses/39093", description:"This clinical course focuses on the care of the high risk infant within the context of the family unit. Clinical experiences provide students with opportunities to expand their skills in managing the care of infants, both acutely ill and growing neonates. Students continue their experiences with neonatal nurse practitioners to examine role issues of these individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACH DESIGN & MANUFACT", number:"null", id:"44480", path:"/courses/44480", description:"Building upon the fundamentals of mechanical design taught in MEAM 101, this hands-on, project-based course provides students with the knowledge and skills necessary to design, analyze, manufacture. and test fully-functional mechanical systems. Topics covered include an introduction to machine elements, analysis of the mechanics of machining, manufacturing technology, precision fabrication (milling, turning, and computer-controlled machining), metrology, tolerances, cutting-tool fundamentals and engineering materials. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced Seminar - Corporate Restructuring", number:"null", id:"35809", path:"/courses/35809", description:"The objective of this course is to familiarize students with financial, legal and strategic issues associated with the corporate restructuring process. The main focus of the course will be on the restructuring of financially distressed firms. We'll begin by reviewing the financial instruments commonly used by risky firms (leveraged loans and high-yield bonds) and learn to interpret the contracts that govern them. We'll then survey a variety of restructuring methods (out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, Chapter 11 reorganizations, international insolvency practices) available to troubled firms and study the dynamics of the restructuring process through a number of historical and current case studies. Finally, we'll consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course will provide students with tools to value distressed companies, understand the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization, and navigate the key strategic issues facing managers and investors in distressed companies. It willalso provide students with a specialized vocabulary and important facts about the restructuring industry, distress investing, and leveraged financial markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS ON VIETNAM WAR", number:"null", id:"41578", path:"/courses/41578", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF LIGHTING", number:"null", id:"39395", path:"/courses/39395", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of the art and craft of Stage Lighting Design. As a craft we will examine mechanics and technology of lighting design including light sources, power distribution, optics, and control. As an art we will explore how lighting ties together all the visual elements of a production and helps create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics include: what light is, what it does, and how light influences our perception and understanding of what we see. Exercises will help the student learn how to see and to understand how light shapes and affects the appearance people and objects on stage and in everyday life. Projects work will emphasize design theory and practice (design methods, script analysis, and drafting skills). Lighting design has it roots in the theatre. The theatre continues to be a prime training ground for lighting designers, no matter what their field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3-D COMPUTER MODELING AND SCULPTURE", number:"null", id:"39962", path:"/courses/39962", description:"Students will develop a comprehensive knowledge of how virtual worlds are constructed using contemporary computer graphics technique with a fine arts perspective. The course will offer the opportunity to explore the construction, texturing, and rendering of forms, environments, and mechanisms while conforming to modeling specifications required for animation, real-time simulations or gaming environments, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW MEDIA JOURNALISM AND POLITICS IN THE TRUMP ERA", number:"null", id:"43953", path:"/courses/43953", description:"New media always have been the keys to American politics. Every era-changing president was the first to master a new medium: from Lincoln (telegraph) and FDR (radio), to JFK (broadcast television) to Obama (Facebook) and now Trump (Twitter). We will study traditional forms for context, but focus on the cutting-edge digital/social news gathering and distribution, examining the journalistic benefits and risks of several newer forms. These include broad-based agnostic platforms, ideologically-tailored websites, social video apps, podcasts and comedy-as-news. The course also will feature guests from across all sectors. Our core mission is to assess whether the latest revolution in media encourages or impedes the survival of self-government in America, where the Founders had hoped that a free press would inform the citizenry -- and not merely incite anger, division and fear.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICS OF MATERIALS I", number:"null", id:"37584", path:"/courses/37584", description:"Failures of classical physics and the historical basis for quantum theory. Postulates of wave mechanics; uncertainty principle, wave packets and wave-particle duality. Schrodinger equation and operators; eigenvalue problems in 1 and 3 dimensions (barriers, wells, hydrogen, atom). Perturbation theory; scattering of particles and light. Free electron theory of metals; Drude and Sommerfeld models, dispersion relations and optical properties of solids. Extensive use of computer-aided self-study will be made.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL RISK ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35967", path:"/courses/35967", description:"This course teaches students to apply social science theories and concepts together with futures methodologies (e.g. Delphi method; country risk assessments used by ratings agencies) to the challenges of addressing international political risks to the continuity, effectiveness and operations of business, government and other organizations in their international transactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO MUSEUMS", number:"null", id:"42364", path:"/courses/42364", description:"This course introduces students to the history, theory and modern practice of museums. Using the resources of the Penn Museum, the course discusses curatorial practice, education, exhibition design and conservation, while exploring the theoretical and ethical issues confronted by museums. Particularly relevant for those interested in archaeology, anthropology, art history, cultural heritage and public education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER,SEXUALITY & LIT: WOMEN IN URBAN SPACES", number:"null", id:"42671", path:"/courses/42671", description:"This course will focus on questions of gender difference and of sexual desire in a range of literary works, paying special attention to works by women and treatments of same-sex desire. More fundamentally, the course will introduce students to questions about the relation between identity and representation. We will attend in particular to intersections between gender, sexuality, race, class, and nation, and will choose from a rich vein of authors: Mary Wollstonecraft, Jane Austen, Mary Shelley, Lord Byron, the Brontes, Christina Rossetti, George Eliot, Oscar Wilde, Henry James, Gertrude Stein, Zora Neale Hurston, E. M. Forster, Virginia Woolf, Nella Larsen, Radclyffe Hall, Willa Cather, Elizabeth Bishop, Jean Rhys, James Baldwin, Sylvia Plath, Bessie Head, Audre Lorde, Adrienne Rich, Cherrie Moraga, Toni Morrison, Michael Cunningham, Dorothy Allison, Jeanette Winterson, and Leslie Feinberg.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHITECT AND HISTORY", number:"null", id:"39549", path:"/courses/39549", description:"Human experience is shaped by the built environment. This course introduces students to the interrelated fields of architecture, art history, and engineering and explores great architectural monuments from the ancient to the modern period, from India across the Mediterranean and Europe to the US. The focus will be on understanding these works in their structure and function, both as products of individual ingenuity and reflections of Zeitgeist. Questioning these monuments from a present-day perspective across the cultures will be an important ingredient, as will be podium discussions, guest lectures, excursions, and all kinds of visualizations, from digital walk-throughs to practical design exercises. Regularly taught in fall term, this course fulfills Sector IV, Humanities and Social Science, and it satisfies History of Art 100-level course requirements. This course cannot be taken on a pass/fail level. There is only ONE recitation in this course, attached directly to Friday's class at 2-3 p.m., in order to provide sufficient time for practica and field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"37138", path:"/courses/37138", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the coure will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE FOR SEEING: ARCHITECTURE AND THE MOVING IMAGE", number:"null", id:"42763", path:"/courses/42763", description:"Architecture's relationship with cinema was established with the very first motion picture. In Sortie de l'usine Lumiere de Lyon by Auguste and Louis Lumiere we see a didactic presentation of film titles as workers from the Lumiere brother's factory stream forth from its interior at days end. In many ways the context of the film is its subject as well. The title of the class plays on Le Corbusier's maxim that architecture is machine for living and perhaps cinema is simply a machine for helping us understand the vast construct of our built environment. A device, which allows us to imagine even greater follies or more importantly to think critically about architecture's relationship with and impact on society. Readings, screenings, discussions and critiques make up the curriculum along with studio time. Students will produce their own film and we will look at films produced by a range of practioners: From architects speculating on the nature of and use of public space and urban development to documentarians researching the pathologies of neo-liberalism and its effect on the privatization of space. We will also look at the work of artists who engage with the poetics of space and who unpack the conflicted legacies of the built environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING INVESTIGATIONS", number:"null", id:"44148", path:"/courses/44148", description:"Drawing is a fundamental means of visualization and a hub for thinking, constructing, and engaging in a wide variety of creative activities and problemsolving. This studio class explores drawing in both its traditional and contemporary forms. The projects are designed to help students in all disciplines find ways express and clarify their ideas through the process of drawing. The semester begins with the refinement of perceptual skills acquired in Drawing I, while encouraging experimentation through the introduction of color, abstract agendas, conceptual problem solving, and collaborative exercises, as well as new materials, techniques and large format drawings. Particular attention is given to ways to conduct visual research in the development of personal imagery. Assignments are thematic or conceptually based with ample opportunity for individual approaches to media, subject, scale and process. The goal is to strengthen facility, develop clarity in intent and expand expression. Attention is paid to the development of perceptual sensitivity, methods of imagage construction, and the processes of synthesis and transformation in order tocommunicate ideas through visual means. Recommended for students in all areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV JOURNALISTIC WRITING: SCIENCE/TECHNOLGY/SOCIET", number:"null", id:"44069", path:"/courses/44069", description:"A workshop in creative writing devoted to original student work in journalism. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NARRATIVE ACROSS CULTURES", number:"null", id:"41186", path:"/courses/41186", description:"The purpose of this course is to present a variety of narrative genres and to discuss and illustrate the modes whereby they can be analyzed. We will be looking at shorter types of narrative: short stories, novellas, and fables, and also some extracts from longer works such as autobiographies. While some works will come from the Anglo-American tradition, a larger number will be selected from European and non-Western cultural traditions and from earlier time-periods. The course will thus offer ample opportunity for the exploration of the translation of cultural values in a comparative perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"41497", path:"/courses/41497", description:"Designed for the beginning student with no previous knowledge of German. German 101, as the first course in the first-year series, focuses on the development of language competence in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in simple conversations about familiar things, know greetings and everyday expressions, they will be ble to count and tell time, and negate sentences in day-to-day contexts. Furthermore, students will be able to speak about events that happened in the immediate past and express plans for the future. In addition, students will have developed reading strategies that allow them to glean information from simple newspaper and magazine articles and short literary texts. Because cultural knowledge is one of the foci of German 101, students will learn much about practical life in Germany and will explore German-speaking cultures on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42436", path:"/courses/42436", description:"A comparative and quantitative approach to the physiological function of vertebrates. Topics include muscles, nervous system, cardiovascular system, respiration, and renal function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"43376", path:"/courses/43376", description:"This course analyzes the formation and conduct of foreign policy in the United State. The course combines three elements: a study of the history of American foreign relations; an analysis of the causes of American foreign policy such sa the international system, public opinion, and the media; and a discussion of the major policy issues in contemporary U.S. foreign policy, including terrorism, civil wars, and economic policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERSTANDING CAREERS...: Understanding Careers and Executive Labor Markets", number:"null", id:"36122", path:"/courses/36122", description:"This course examines the structure of executive careers in order to help understand how those careers can be managed most effectively. A particular goal of the course is to build the knowledge necessary to develop a career path that aligns with personal values and with abilities. By drawing on extensive economic, sociological and psychological research on careers, we examine such questions as when executives should move on to the next job, or even change fields altogether, and what the most effective means are for finding jobs, achieving promotions, managing networks, and achieving work-life balance. We also examine the implications of these questions for how organizations should manage the careers of their employees.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"36453", path:"/courses/36453", description:"This course evaluates 'ground-up' development as well as re-hab, re-development, and acquisition investments. We examine raw and developed land and the similarities and differences of traditional real estate product types including office, R & D, retail, warehouses, single family and multi-family residential, mixed use, and land as well as 'specialty' uses like golf courses, assisted living, and fractional share ownership. Emphasis is on concise analysis and decision making. We discuss the development process with topics including market analysis, site acquisition, due diligence, zoning, entitlements, approvals, site planning, building design, construction, financing, leasing, and ongoing management and disposition. Special topics like workouts and running a development company are also discussed. Course lessons apply to all markets but the class discusses U.S. markets only. Throughout the course, we focus on risk management and leadership issues. Numerous guest lecturers who are leaders in the real estate industry participate in the learning process. Format: predominately case analysis and discussion, some lectures, project visits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MUSICIANSHIP", number:"null", id:"37603", path:"/courses/37603", description:"Advanced techniques of score reading and general musicianship at the keyboard. Goals of the course include increasing proficiency in sight singing (including C clefs).Taking harmonic, melodic, and rhythmic dictations. Accurate performance of rhythms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"42788", path:"/courses/42788", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"37786", path:"/courses/37786", description:"Portuguese 134 is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the advanced intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY PROCESS", number:"null", id:"44792", path:"/courses/44792", description:"This course introduces students to the theories and practice of the policy-making process. There are four primary learning objectives. First, understanding how the structure of political institutions matter for the policies that they produce. Second, recognizing the constraints that policy makers face when making decisions on behalf of the public. Third, identifying the strategies that can be used to overcome these constraints. Fourth, knowing the toolbox that is available to participants in the policy-making process to help get their preferred strategies implemented. While our focus will primarily be on American political institutions, many of the ideas and topics discussed in the class apply broadly to other democratic systems of government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"39177", path:"/courses/39177", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"37267", path:"/courses/37267", description:"The German House is a half-credit course with concentrations in German conversation, film, and culture. Though many students enroll for credit, others often come to select events. All interested parties are invited, and you do not have to actually live in the house to enroll for credit. Students from all different levels of language proficiency are welcome. Beginners learn from more advanced students, and all enjoy a relaxed environment for maintaining or improving their German language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING THROUGH CULT ART", number:"null", id:"38475", path:"/courses/38475", description:"This is a year-long creative writing class, given as a collaboration of the Center for Programs in Contemporary Writing and the Institute of Contemporary Art. Students will be encouraged to develop correspondent methods of responding to the ICA's exhibitions. The class will involve monthly trips to New York City to attend concerts, museums and lectures. The students will have access to the most cutting--edge artists today via class visits and studio visits. English 165 will culminate in a publication co-sponsored by the ICA and CPCW.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL LINGUISTCS", number:"null", id:"36938", path:"/courses/36938", description:"Computational approaches to the problem of understanding and producing natural language text and speech, including speech processing, syntactic parsing, semantic interpretation, discourse meaning, and the role of pragmatics and world knowledge. The course will examine both rule-based and corpus-based techniques. It is recommended that students have some knowledge of logic, basic linguistics, and/or programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"44722", path:"/courses/44722", description:"This course is designed to teach negotiation principles and to enable students to develop their negotiation skills. This course builds upon and assumes familiarity with the negotiation concepts covered in the prerequisite for this course: 'Negotiations.' In this course, we extend the study and practice of negotiations, and we develop a deeper understanding of how specific aspects of the negotiation process impact outcomes. Through course lectures, readings, and exercises, students will develop a rich framework for thinking about the negotiation process and acquire tools for guiding the negotiation process.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING HONORS RESEARCH PROJECT", number:"null", id:"41853", path:"/courses/41853", description:"This course is an advanced seminar for research and scholarship to be taken by honors students in nursing. Enrollment is concurrent with implementation of the individual student's honors project. Practical considerations in carrying out such a project, including scholarly approach and scientific integrity as well as scholarly writing and dissemination will be discussed and illustrated, using exemplars and student projects. The various phases of students' projects will be used as launching points for discussions and to complement students' work with their faculty supervisors. Paths and planning for careers in nursing and related disciplines and the idea of scholarship and research trajectories will be developed throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIMENTAL WRITING: EXPERIMENTAL POETRY", number:"null", id:"41288", path:"/courses/41288", description:"A creative writing workshop committed to experimentation. The workshop will be structured around writing experiments, collaborations, intensive readings, and new and innovative approaches to composition and form.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Evidence Based Policies of Economic and Political Development", number:"null", id:"41471", path:"/courses/41471", description:"This class provides a 'hands-on' introduction to the promises and limitations of using Randomized Control Trials (RCTs) to inform policy makers, practitioners, and academics of the conditions under which policies likely would have a positive effect on economic and political outcomes, in the context of international development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"38604", path:"/courses/38604", description:"Many financial products are introduced each year; some are designed to meet the needs of a particular clientele, and others are really strategies and related implementations. A common feature of the successful products is the careful attention to their design, and more importantly, the technical preparation that entered into its valuation,its hedging, and its benefits to users. Innovations in financial markets are rapidly imitated because even complex contracts and strategies that use existing securities or they are seen as equivalent to dynamically-adjusted positions in other securities. A strong foundation in the technical tools and statistical methods is invaluable in this process of financial engineering. The objectives in this course are two fold. First to provide the student with the necessary skills to design or reverse-engineer, to value, and to hedge these products. Second, to enable the student to absorb the analytical arguments in the (increasingly) technical publications that deal with innovations in these contracts - now in the in-house research notes of financial institutions and in practitioner-oriented journals - and to apply them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"38422", path:"/courses/38422", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"44738", path:"/courses/44738", description:"This is a course the builds on the basic Negotiation course. In this course, we explore a wide range of negotiation topics from crisis and hostage negotiations, to the role of emotions including anxiety, envy and anger in negotiations, to backlash effects for women in negotiations, and the role of alcohol in negotiations. We will survey many aspects of current negotiation research, discuss historic negotiation cases, and students will participate in role-play exercise. Many of the role play exercises will involve multi-party negotiations and afford opportunities to hone skills in team-based negotiations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPRESSIONISM", number:"null", id:"36763", path:"/courses/36763", description:"Impressionism opened the pictorial field to light, perception, science, modernity, bourgeoise leisure and famously the material qualities of paint itself. This course will survey the movement's major contexts and proponents--Manet, Monet, Morisot, Cezanne, Gauguin, Van Gogh, Rodin--from its origins in the 1860's to its demise in the 1890's, as well as its subsequent adaptions throughout the world until World War I. Particular attention is paid to the artists' critical reception and the historical conditions which allowed one nation, France, to claim the emergence of early Modernism so firmly for itself. The course also analyzes the effects of the rapidly changing social and cultural fabric of Paris, and its affects on artistic developments. We also look outside of France's borders to Germany and Britain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN JAPANESE HISTORY", number:"null", id:"44310", path:"/courses/44310", description:"This course will survey the major political, economic, social and intellectual trends in the making of modern Japan. Special emphasis will be given to the turbulent relationship between state and society from 1800 to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42129", path:"/courses/42129", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT MEDITERRANEAN: Textiles, Dress, and Bronze Age Interconnections", number:"null", id:"38149", path:"/courses/38149", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE AND THE LANGUAGE OF PAIN", number:"null", id:"43705", path:"/courses/43705", description:"Pain can be a particularly complex and morally charged object of biomedicine. The interiority of pain- the deeply private nature of pain experience- complicates its communication. Pain, particularly its chronic form, defies purely biological explanation, troubling fundamental biomedical distinctions between mind and body, subject and object. And decisions about analgesia are fraught, as doctors and patients pursue relief from pain amidst a widespread epidemic of opiate abuse that infuses their interaction with concerns about addiction, drug seeking, culpability, and responsibility. This seminar seeks to shed light on these issues by using concepts from linguistic and medical anthropology to explore how we experience, think about, and talk about pain. As an interdisciplinary endeavor, the course is of relevance not only to anthropology but also to medical sociology, medical ethics, public health, health policy, and science and technology studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER CON LAW II", number:"null", id:"44826", path:"/courses/44826", description:"This course examines American constitutional development from the eve of WWI through the second Obama administration. Topics include the growth of the New Deal and a Great Society regulatory and redistributive state, struggles for equal rights for racial and ethnic minorities, women and GLBT Americans, contests over freedoms of religion and expression, criminal justice issues, the Reagan Revolution and the revival of federalism and property rights, and issues of national security powers after September 11, 2001. Lectures are on videos and class time is devoted to in-depth discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CANCER CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35408", path:"/courses/35408", description:"This course will focus on the molecular mechanisms by which fundamental cellular processes are disrupted in the development of cancer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV INTERMED ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"40946", path:"/courses/40946", description:"This is a proficiency-based course which continues from the first intermediate course, ARAB 033/034. Emphasis continues to be on all four language skills: Speaking, Listening, Reading, & Writing. The readings for the class are chosen from actual texts from both medieval and modern Arabic in a variety of fields and subjects. Students will be expected to give classroom presentations and to write short essays in Arabic. Evaluation will be both Achievement- and proficiency- based.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIFE/DEATH IN HAN CHINA", number:"null", id:"41225", path:"/courses/41225", description:"Using maps, city-panning, architecture, wall painting, sculpture, and minor arts as evidence, the course will examine the attitudes toward life and death in Han (206 BCE-AD 220) China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFRMNCE,ANLYSIS,HISTRY: CHAMBER MUSIC AND LIEDER OF BEETHOVEN", number:"null", id:"44591", path:"/courses/44591", description:"Participation in the course is contingent upon a successful audition. This course must be taken for a letter grade (pass/fail option may not be utilized for this course). This weekly seminar will explore music from the past and present through class discussions of performance, historical context, and analytical aspects of the music led by a professor and/or performer. One example of a class in this number will be an indepth study of chamber music repertoire led by the Daedalus Quartet. Students will prepare for a final performance at the end of the semester as well as a paper/presentation. Students interested in this applied approach to music may also wish to take 256 and/or 276.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Perspectives on Organizational Dynamics", number:"null", id:"42603", path:"/courses/42603", description:"'Perspectives' is both a fundamental and integrating course intended for MSOD students at any point in the program who wish to understand and deploy a multiplicity of dynamics operative in organizations and in the minds that create and inhabit them. It is particularly useful for those in their first year and for non-MSOD students. One key focus is on understanding the implicit mental and emotional frameworks or metaphors that 'inform' organizing so that we can virtually see more robust and complex approaches to effectiveness and to leadership within them. Several faculty members highlight their specialties. One special theme examines new management models and thinking frameworks designed to prevail in a 21st century context. Lectures, discussion, and experiential learning are used to build an informed grounding in the history, philosophy, theory and practice of Organizational Dynamics. The course requirements are active class participation, potential application projects/weekly journal, a midterm paper and a final paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL NUTRITION: THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF WORLD HUNGER", number:"null", id:"44649", path:"/courses/44649", description:"A detailed consideration of the nature, consequences, and causes of hunger and undernutrition internationally. Approaches are explored to bringing about change, and to formulating and implementing policies and programs at international, national, and local levels, designed to alleviate hunger and under-nutrition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN PROTEST", number:"null", id:"38746", path:"/courses/38746", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTINATIONAL MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"36101", path:"/courses/36101", description:"Multinational management is the study of the international corporation and the global political and economic environment. This course provides an introduction to the more advanced offerings. It covers the historical origins of the multinational corporation, the economics of trade, money and investment in the world economy, and the policies and behavior of governments and international organizations. We place considerable emphasis in understanding the national and historic origins of the international firm, as well as on current issues regarding emerging economies and shifts in the political economy of global markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN HEALTH POLICY", number:"null", id:"40154", path:"/courses/40154", description:"'American Health Policy' places the success or failure of specific pieces of U.S. health care legislation into social and political context. The course covers the time period from the U.S. Civil War to the 2010 Affordable Care Act (ACA), addressing two central questions: 1) Why was the United States one of the only industrialized nations to, until recently, have a private, non-nationalized, non-federalized health care system? 2) Why has U.S. health insurance historically been a benefit given through places of employment? Some topics addressed include: private health insurance, industrial health and workmen's compensation, the welfare state (in Europe, Canada, and the U.S.), maternal and infant care programs, Medicare and Medicaid. One of the main take-home messages of the course is that 20th-century U.S. health care policies both reflected and shaped American social relations based on race, class, gender, and age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTRONIC LIT SEMINAR: MEDIA FANDOM", number:"null", id:"42713", path:"/courses/42713", description:"This course is designed to introduce advanced undergraduate and graduate students to the range of new opportunities for literary research afforded by recent technological innovation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Education for Democracy in Latin America and the U.S.", number:"null", id:"41633", path:"/courses/41633", description:"What does it mean to educate for a democracy, and for what type of democracy should we educate for? This course will examine these central questions and others pertaining to citizenship, democracy, and education as it relates to Latin America and Latino/as in the U.S. The course will first examine theoriesof education for democracy comparing and contrasting the works of persons including U.S. progressive-era writer John Dewey, Brazilian scholar Paolo Freire, and Penn President and political scientist Amy Gutmann. The course will delve into a civic and political education curriculum and pedagogies that have beencarried out in institutions, inequality, and culture in the region. The latterpart of the course will examine civic education practices of Latino/as here in the U.S. from primary schools to higher education. This course offers a service-learning component where students will be encouraged to volunteer with educational organizations in the Philadelphia community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICS FOR BIOLOGIST", number:"null", id:"41055", path:"/courses/41055", description:"Introductory probability theory. Principles of statistical methods. Problems of estimation and hypothesis testing in biology and related areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE LIVES OF INFRASTRUCTURE: POLITICS AND TECHNICS IN THE ANTHROPOCENE", number:"null", id:"39533", path:"/courses/39533", description:"Pleistocene hunting and gathering sites and human fossil finds. Transformation into settled village life and development of plant and animal domestication examined along with their social and cultural consequences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERICLEAN ATHENS", number:"null", id:"43937", path:"/courses/43937", description:"Athens in the 5th Century BCE is often viewed as a high point of human civilization. We will assess this claim by looking at the period's cultural achievements (in such areas as drama, architecture, and oratory) within their social and political contexts. Topics for discussion include: the structure and workings of the Athenian democracy; the interplay between pro-democratic and anti-democratic positions in Athenian political life; the connections between democracy and imperialism; conceptions of citizenship and relations between citizens and non-citizens (women, slaves, and resident foreigners); the role of the law courts in both dispute resolution and elite competition; sexual politics; and the civic significance of religious ritual.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEAF CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43054", path:"/courses/43054", description:"This course is an advanced/conversational ASL course that explores several key topics related to Deaf Culture. Using only ASL in class, students will read and discuss books, articles, and films related to the following topics: Deaf History, Deaf Identity, Deafness as Asset, Communication Issues and Pathological Perspectives on Deafness, Deafness and Education, Deaf/Hearing Family Dynamics. Language growth will stem from direct instruction as well as through the course of class conversation. Students will collaborate with the instructor and our Deaf community liaison to develop and host an event that is accessible to both Deaf and hearing people alike.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: ALIENS, HUMANS & HYBRIDS", number:"null", id:"40807", path:"/courses/40807", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TV & NEW MEDIA: THE AMERICAN SITCOM", number:"null", id:"38298", path:"/courses/38298", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBED CONTROLLED GARDEN", number:"null", id:"42622", path:"/courses/42622", description:"A service course intended to integrate concepts of basic physics, biology and electronics and systems engineering for the benefit of Penn engineering students, teachers and students from two minority centered community public schools. The course will engage the participants in the design and implementation of indoors cultivating systems using photo-voltaic (PV) technology to energize LED emulating the needed solar radiation for plant growth, a liquid nutrient distribution system, sensors / actuators capable of selecting the harvestable plants and keeping track of overall system parameters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL TIME EMBEDDED SYS", number:"null", id:"39946", path:"/courses/39946", description:"The use of distributed wireless sensor networks has surged in popularity in recent years with applications ranging from environmental monitoring, to people- and object-tracking in both cooperative and hostile environments. This course is targeted at understanding and obtaining hands-on experience with the state-of-the-art in such wireless sensor networks which are often composed using relatively inexpensive sensor nodes that have low power consumption, low processing power and bandwidth. The course will span a variety of topics ranging from radio communications, network stack, systems infrastructure including QoS support and energy management, programming paradigms, distributed algorithms and example applications. Some guest lectures may be given.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"43929", path:"/courses/43929", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Python and Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMB ANAL & GRAPH THRY", number:"null", id:"38897", path:"/courses/38897", description:"Continuation of Math 580.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE", number:"null", id:"37112", path:"/courses/37112", description:"Public perceptions and attitudes concerning the causes and importance of globalwarming have changed. Global Climate Change provides a sound theoretical understanding of global warming through an appreciation of the Earth's climate system and how and why this has changed through time. We will describe progress in understanding of the human and natural drivers of climate change, climate processes and attribution, and estimates of projected future climate change. We will assess scientific, technical and socio-economic information relevant for the understanding of climate change, its potential impacts and options for adaptation and mitigation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND STRUCTURE OF LANG", number:"null", id:"41658", path:"/courses/41658", description:"An introduction to phonetics and phonology. Topics include articulatory phonetics (the anatomy of the vocal tract; how speech sounds are produced); transcription (conventions for representing the sounds of the world's languages); classification (how speech sounds are classified and represented cognitively through distinctive features); phonology (the grammar of speech sounds in various languages: their patterning and interaction) and syllable structure and its role in phonology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONUMENTS AND MEMORY: TOPICS IN ARCHAEOLOGICAL METHOD AND THEORY", number:"null", id:"38117", path:"/courses/38117", description:"It is the stated purpose of archaeology to interpret the human past. However, this fascination with the things that came before is not new. Social memory, the construction of a collective notion about the way things used to be, looms large in the archaeological record, particularly through the material representations of these memories -- monuments. This class explores memory and monumentality, both ancient and modern, through world-wide case studies ranging from the American South to the islands of Polynesia and from 5000 BC to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTIV JUDGMENT SKILLS..: Art & Science of Subjectivity-Probability Forecasting Bus.,Pol., & Life", number:"null", id:"38925", path:"/courses/38925", description:"This course will explore the diverse ways in which scholars and practitioners have defined 'good judgment.' And it will introduce students to practical tools for assessing and improving judgment, with special emphasis on probabilistic reasoning. Students will have the opportunity both to fine-tune their personal judgment skills as well as to master and then weave together insights from several bodies of scientific knowledge, including frequentist and Bayesian statistics, psychological work on judgment and choice, group dynamics, organizational behavior and political science (key concepts discussed in Tetlock's (2015) book 'Superforecasting').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Structural Biology & Genomics", number:"null", id:"41077", path:"/courses/41077", description:"This course will explain in non-mathematical terms how essentially all biological properties are determined by the microscopic chemical properties of proteins. It will also explain how research results, especially those of structural biology, are presented to its various audiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WH INDUSTRY EXLPLORATION: San Francisco - Tech Sector", number:"null", id:"40876", path:"/courses/40876", description:"WIEP features short-term courses that focus on various industries and feature visits to businesses, lectures, extracurricular activities, and networking opportunities with alumni.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"39408", path:"/courses/39408", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO BASIS PSYCHIA DISORD", number:"null", id:"36812", path:"/courses/36812", description:"The contributions of basic sciences (neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neurochemistry, and neuropharmacology) to an understanding of behavior and behavioral disorders will be covered and important psychiatric disorders will be discussed, primarily from the viewpoint of their biological aspects. Emphasis will be placed on critical evaluation of research strategies and hypotheses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROCESS SYS DESIGN PROJ", number:"null", id:"43842", path:"/courses/43842", description:"Design of chemical, biochemical, and materials products and processes based on recent advances in chemical and bioengineering technology. Design group weekly meetings with faculty advisor and industrial consultants. Comprehensive design report and formal oral presentation. Heat exchanger design and profitability analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER,SEXUALITY & LIT: SEX AND THE CITY: WOMEN, NOVELS AND URBAN LIFE", number:"null", id:"35633", path:"/courses/35633", description:"This course will focus on questions of gender difference and of sexual desire in a range of literary works, paying special attention to works by women and treatments of same-sex desire. More fundamentally, the course will introduce students to questions about the relation between identity and representation. We will attend in particular to intersections between gender, sexuality, race, class, and nation, and will choose from a rich vein of authors: Mary Wollstonecraft, Jane Austen, Mary Shelley, Lord Byron, the Brontes, Christina Rossetti, George Eliot, Oscar Wilde, Henry James, Gertrude Stein, Zora Neale Hurston, E. M. Forster, Virginia Woolf, Nella Larsen, Radclyffe Hall, Willa Cather, Elizabeth Bishop, Jean Rhys, James Baldwin, Sylvia Plath, Bessie Head, Audre Lorde, Adrienne Rich, Cherr?e Moraga, Toni Morrison, Michael Cunningham, Dorothy Allison, Jeanette Winterson, and Leslie Feinberg.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY CHEM I", number:"null", id:"39654", path:"/courses/39654", description:"Similar in coverage to Chemistry 101. This course explores the basic concepts and principles of chemistry, with a greater emphasis on problem solving. It is designed for students with a lesser background in chemistry and/or mathe- matics. It is suitable for chemistry majors, non-majors, or preprofessional students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUGS, BRAIN, AND MIND", number:"null", id:"35380", path:"/courses/35380", description:"The course will begin with a review of basic concepts in pharmacology including: routes of drug administration, drug metabolism, the dose response curve, tolerance and sensitization. Following a brief overview of cellular foundations of neuropharmacology (cell biology, synaptic and receptor function), the course will focus on various classes of drugs used to treat neuropsychiatric disorders including, among others, depression, schizophrenia and anxiety. We will additionally consider mechanisms mediating the mind-altering, addictive and neurotoxic effects of abused drugs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42635", path:"/courses/42635", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORICAL ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35296", path:"/courses/35296", description:"Archaeology of the Modern World from the Columbian voyage (1492) to the 20th century. Topics such as the rise of early modern Europe, European exploration and colonization, African American Archaeology, Asian American Archaeology, the rise of colonial society, contact with native peoples, the Industrial Revolution, and the archaeology of the 20th century will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42478", path:"/courses/42478", description:"This course will explain in non-mathematical terms how essentially all biological properties are determined by the microscopic chemical properties of proteins. It will also explain how research results, especially those of structural biology, are presented to its various audiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 18TH-CENTURY NOVEL: BRITISH EPISTOLARY FICT", number:"null", id:"39888", path:"/courses/39888", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-Century novel intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modern Biology and Social Implications", number:"null", id:"44979", path:"/courses/44979", description:"This course covers the history of biology in the 19th and 20th centuries, giving equal consideration to three dominant themes: evolutionary biology, classical genetics, and molecular biology. The course is intended for students with some background in the history of science as well as in biology, although no specific knowledge of either subject in required. We will have three main goals: first, to delineate the content of the leading biological theories and experimental practices of the past two centuries; second, to situate these theories and practices in their historical context, noting the complex interplay between them and the dominant social, political, and economic trends; and, third, to critically evaluate various methodological approaches to the history of science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH ENG DESIGN PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"43101", path:"/courses/43101", description:"This is the second course in the two course sequence involving the capstone design project. See MEAM 445 for course description.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HISTORY ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"41611", path:"/courses/41611", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"44407", path:"/courses/44407", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED PRODUCT DESIGN FUNDAMENTALS", number:"null", id:"45093", path:"/courses/45093", description:"The creation of a successful product requires the integration of design, engineering, and marketing. The purpose of this intensive studio course is to introduce basic concepts in the design of three-dimensional products. For purposes of the course, design is understood as a creative act of synthesis expressed through various modes of 2-dimensional and 3-dimensional representation. The course develops basic design skills ranging from hand sketching to the use of digital modeling software and rapid prototyping. Fulfills the requirement for a design background course in the interdisciplinary graduate program in Integrated Product Design (IPD).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"36950", path:"/courses/36950", description:"Writing a 'program' is easy. Developing a 'software product', however, introduces numerous challenges that make it a much more difficult task. This course will look at how professional software engineers address those challenges, by investigating best practices from industry and emerging trends in software engineering research. Topics will focus on software maintenance issues, including: test case generation and test suite adequacy; code analysis verification and model checking; debugging and fault localization; refactoring and regression testing; and software design and quality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"41926", path:"/courses/41926", description:"Conducting business in a networked economy invariably involves interplay with technology. The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of technology (what it can or cannot enable) and the business drivers of technology-related decisions in firms. We will be discussing some of the new and most disruptive technologies right now to stimulate thought on new applications for commerce and new ventures, as well as their implications to the tech industry as a whole. Topics include social media, online advertising, big data, and cloud computing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG DATA ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"43921", path:"/courses/43921", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"43532", path:"/courses/43532", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI II: Intermediate Hindi Part II", number:"null", id:"42926", path:"/courses/42926", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICS:  RHETORIC AND POWER IN ITALIAN CULTURE AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"41606", path:"/courses/41606", description:"Topics vary. See the Department's website at https://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"YOUTH AND DEMOCRACY IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"36729", path:"/courses/36729", description:"In the past few decades, many African nations have overthrown colonial regimes and police states in favor of some form of democratic governance. But what doesthis ideological and political shift mean for a country's youth? In this coursewe will use anthropological texts to explore the ways in which young Africans are both socialized into and also play an active role in negotiating the terms of democracy. In doing so, we will look both at the great diversity in democratic ideals across the continent as well as the perceived failures of many African nations to transition to constitutional democracies. We will use a variety of examples from recent history to examine these issues, such as the recent youth uprising in Egypt and its use of social media as a tool of democracy, the role of youth in apartheid-era political protest in South Africa, and the complex intersection of indigenous politics and democratic legislation in Tanzania. This course will engage key debates in current anthropological analysis, asking about both young people's capacity for agency as well as the formation of political subjectivity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATABASE & INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43913", path:"/courses/43913", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad field of database and information systems, covering a variety of topics relating to structured data, ranging from data modeling to logical foundations and popular languages, to system implementations. We will study the theory of relational and XML data design; the basics of query languages; efficient storage of data, execution of queries and query optimization; transactions and updates; web-database development; and 'big data' and NoSQL systems. The course assumes mathematical and programming experience equivalent to CIS160 and CIS121.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORKED SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43923", path:"/courses/43923", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts in the design and implementation of networked systems, their protocols, and applications. Topics to be covered include: Internet architecture, network applications, addressing, routing, transport protocols, network security, and peer-to-peer networks. The course will involve written assignments, examinations, and programming assignments.. Students will work in teams to design and implement networked systems in layers, from routing protocols, transport protocols, to peer-to-peer networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"36033", path:"/courses/36033", description:"Introduction to learning and understanding American Sign Language ( ASL ); cultural values and rules of behavior of the Deaf community in the United States. Includes receptive and expressive readiness activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; facial expressive, body movement, gestures signs; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; and deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR THESIS", number:"null", id:"35883", path:"/courses/35883", description:"This course is for senior undergraduate Women's Studies majors who will be completing their thesis. The seminar helps students decide on the most appropriate methodologies to use and topics to include in their thesis. Other topics include thesis organization and drawing conclusions from primary and secondary sources of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAGAZINE JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"41296", path:"/courses/41296", description:"A course devoted to various aspects of print and online magazine journalism, including writing, editing, design, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP SELECT FORMS", number:"null", id:"37604", path:"/courses/37604", description:"Study of the style and form of one genre, composer, or historical period, with emphasis on written projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"44808", path:"/courses/44808", description:"This course analyzes the formation and conduct of foreign policy in the United State. The course combines three elements: a study of the history of American foreign relations; an analysis of the causes of American foreign policy such sa the international system, public opinion, and the media; and a discussion of the major policy issues in contemporary U.S. foreign policy, including terrorism, civil wars, and economic policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT DISCOV ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38343", path:"/courses/38343", description:"Archaeology is a young and exciting scientific discipline created around 150 years ago as a way to discover and interpret the material remains of our human past. Many archaeological sites are world-famous: Pompeii, Troy, the pyramids of Egypt, the Parthenon of Athens, the Taj Mahal, and the temple complex at Angkor Wat, to name a few. In this course, we will examine many important archaeological sites in the 'Old World' of the Mediterranean, Near East, and Asia. Using a thematic and comparative approach, we will delve deeper to explore the societies that produced these wonders, and examine cultural similarities and differences across the Old World. This course is a non-technical introduction for students interested in archaeology, history, art history, anthropology, or related subjects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGY OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"36420", path:"/courses/36420", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"42626", path:"/courses/42626", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOSCALE SCIENCE & ENG", number:"null", id:"39947", path:"/courses/39947", description:"Overview of existing device and manufacturing technologies in microelectronics, optoelectronics, magnetic storage, Microsystems, and biotechnology. Overview of near- and long-term challenges facing those fields. Near- and long-term prospects of nanoscience and related technologies for the evolutionary sustentsion of current approaches, and for the development of revolutionary designs and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"41687", path:"/courses/41687", description:"Continuation of MATH 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS MODELS BIO SYSTEMS: Physical Models of Biological Systems", number:"null", id:"40553", path:"/courses/40553", description:"Classic case studies of successful reductionistic models of complex phenomena, emphasizing the key steps of making estimates, using them to figure out which physical variables and phenomena will be most relevant to a given system, finding analogies to purely physical systems whose behavior is already known, and embodying those in a mathematical model, which is often implemented in computer code. Topics may include bacterial genetics, genetic switches and oscillators; systems that sense or utilize light; superresolution and other newmicroscopy methods; and vision and other modes of sensory transduction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEAS", number:"null", id:"35384", path:"/courses/35384", description:"This course will familiarize students with advances in our understanding of the clinical features and pathogenesis of a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, prion diseases, Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonisms, neurodegenerative ataxias, motoneuron diseases, degenerative diseases with chorea, iron and copper disorders, and mitochondrial diseases. Students will analyze original research reports on a range of proposed pathological cellular processes that may represent steps in cell dealth pathways leading to neuron loss seen in these diseases.Significant emphasis will be placed on the fast-expanding field exploring genetic contributions to neurodegenerative disease, as indentification of genetic mutations pathogenenic for familial neurodegenerative diseases has been a major driving force in neurodegenerative research and pointed researchers towards essential molecular process that may underlie these disorders. Strategies for therapeutic intervention in the management, prevention, and cure of neurodegenerative disease will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAD TASTE", number:"null", id:"41495", path:"/courses/41495", description:"'Beauty is not a quality inherent to things: it only exists in the mind of the beholder.' (David Hume) ' Most of us can recognize bad taste as soon as we see it: Harlequin romances, Elvis on black velvet, lawn ornaments. But bad taste also has a history, and kitsch has been identified as a peculiarly modern invention related to capitalism and consumerism. Beginning with a discussion of taste in the eighteenth century, we will investigate under what conditions good taste can go bad, for example when it is the object of mass reproduction, and, on the other hand, why bad taste in recent times has increasingly been viewed in positive terms. Categories such as the cute, the sentimental, the popular, the miniature, kitsch, and camp will be explored. We will also ask what forms of ideological work have been done by this brand of aesthetics, for example in the connection between politics and kitsch, femininity and the low-brow, or camp and queer identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Violence against Women in Conflict: Sexuality, Terrorism, and Human Rights", number:"null", id:"35882", path:"/courses/35882", description:"Violence against Women in Conflict: Sexuality, Terrorism, and Human Rights This course explores how women's experiences of violence in conflict are guided by traditional patriarchal views of femininity, and further how this violence impacts their human rights. Through academic texts, documents produced by the U.N. and NGOs globally, and documentaries, we will consider women's experiences of violence in contexts such as: how rape is used to decipher the borders and boundaries of emerging nations, as in the 1994 genocide in Rwanda; the highly complex experiences of women suicide bombers in the Israeli-Palestinian and Sri Lankan conflicts; the relationship between domestic violence in the private/home space and the violence of war in the public space; and sexual violence against women in the U.S. military.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE HISTORY OF WORDS", number:"null", id:"44437", path:"/courses/44437", description:"It is sometimes said that every word has its own history. But there are also general factors affecting how words change over time. In this course, we explore both aspects of the history of words. On the one hand, we explore the ways in which the saying is true, by investigating taboo words, euphemisms, shibboleths, doublets, folk etymology, idioms, paradigm gaps, reanalysis, and other word-specific processes. On the other hand, we discuss the general factors, such as regular sound change (notably the Great Vowel Shift), word frequency, and possibly others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFORMATION DESIGN AND VISUALIZATION", number:"null", id:"42793", path:"/courses/42793", description:"Information Design and Visualization is an introductory course that explores the structures of information (text, numbers, images, sounds, video, etc.) and presents strategies for designing effective visual communication appropriate for various users and audiences. The course seeks to articulate a vocabulary of information visualization and find new design forms for an increasingly complex culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREMODERN KOREA: PHILOSOPHERS, WARRIORS AND SLAVES", number:"null", id:"40121", path:"/courses/40121", description:"This course surveys the history of Korea from early times to 1800, focusing on the establishment of various sociopolitical orders and their characteristics as well as major cultural developments. Covered topics include: state formation and dissolution; status hierarchy and social mobility; the role of ideology and how it changes; religious beliefs and values; agriculture, crafts and commerce; and changing family relations and gender roles. Students will also be introduced to various interpretive approaches in the historiography. No prior knowledge of Korea or Korean language is presumed. The course fulfills the College's History and Tradition Sector and Cross Cultural Analysis requirements. For the History major and minor, this course counts toward the pre-1800 and Asia requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND CONCEPTS IN NANOTEC", number:"null", id:"37104", path:"/courses/37104", description:"This is a Master's level course that seeks to teach the physics needed to begin a study of engineering and science at the nanometer scale. Since the nanometer scale is so close to the quantum scale, much of the course deals with an introduction to quantum mechanics but the course also includes discussions in solid-state physics, electricity and magnetism and mechanics. The objective of the course is to teach the physics that an engineering student would need to have in order to do experimental work at the nanometer scale. In addition, this course will prepare the student to take more advanced courses in the Nanotechnology Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE VIETNAM WAR", number:"null", id:"42958", path:"/courses/42958", description:"A thorough historical, military, and social history of the Vietnam war, which lasted in one form or another from the end of WWII in 1945 to 1975, in which occurred the longest and most humiliating defeat in our history. Since that time the Vietnamese have published hundreds of documents, some in English, which provide an entirely new perspective on what we believed during the war. These, supplemented by other primary and secondary materials, as much as possible written by Vietnamese or by Americans having first-hand knowledge, will form the backbone of the course. The various American and Vietnamese strategies will be scrutinized carefully, and a good deal said about the home front in America. The actual fighting, thatdetermined the outcome, will not be slighted. We expect at least some guest speakers having long diplomatic or military experience in Vietnam. The present will be our conclusion. Lectures TTH 12-1:30; midterm in class, short paper, anregular final. If you want to understand the world you now live in, this coursea good place to start.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DANTE VISUALIZING: Dante Visualizing and Dante Visualized", number:"null", id:"37387", path:"/courses/37387", description:"'Divine Comedy' in the context of Dante's medieval worldview and culture. Please check the department's website for the course description. http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/graduate/courses 

Dante Visualizing: Dante Visualizing and Dante Visualized. Dante's Commedia has inspired art, but at the same time art is present within the Comedy itself, through images, metaphors, descriptions adn even more concrete examples. This course aims at discussing these aspects, taking inot consideration also the philosophical, political and religious background of these motifs. While analyzing images in and from the Commedia, we will look at illustrations and artistic interpretations, spanning from medieval illuminations and Renaissance printed boooks (mainly from Van Pelt Library) to contemporary examples, and focusing on artists such as Giotto, Botticelli, Michelangelo, Blake, Dore, and Dali. The course will be taught in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICAL ASPECTS OF HEALTH & TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43239", path:"/courses/43239", description:"Interdisciplinary approach to the study of the interface between ethics and law in the provision of health and illness care. This course draws upon the disciplines of philosophy, law, biomedical engineering and nursing in examining such concepts as the use/nonuse of biomedical technology, who and how one decides what shall be done for a given 'patient,' and the 'rights' and responsibilities (accountability) of all persons involved in health/illness care decisions. The interplay of ethical theory, personal value systems, law and technology will be stressed throughout. Lectures, seminars and case studies will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN LANG. & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"42298", path:"/courses/42298", description:"The aim of the course is to provide a general perspective on African languages and African linguistics. No background in linguistics is necessary. Students will be introduced to theoretical linguistics-its concepts, theories, ways of argumentation, data collection, data analysis, and data interpretation. The focus will be on the languages and linguistics of Africa to provide you with the knowledge and skills required to handle the language and language-related issues typical of African conditions. We will cover topics related to formal linguistics (phonology/phonetics, morphology, syntax, and semantics), aspects of pragmatics as well as the general socio-linguistic character of African countries. We will also cover language in context, language and culture, borrowing, multilingualism, and cross-cultural communication in Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA ANALY & STAT COMP: Data Analytics and Statistical Computing", number:"null", id:"40732", path:"/courses/40732", description:"This course will introduce a high-level programming language, called R, that is widely used for statistical data analysis. Using R, we will study and practice the following methodologies: data cleaning, feature extraction; web scrubbing, text analysis; data visualization; fitting statistical models; simulation of probability distributions and statistical models; statistical inference methods that use simulations (bootstrap, permutation tests).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPANISH CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"42150", path:"/courses/42150", description:"Must be a resident of the Modern Language College House.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVS SEMINAR: ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"39916", path:"/courses/39916", description:"Application of student and faculty expertise to a specific environmental problem, chosen expressly for the seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS IN FIN REPORTIN", number:"null", id:"39472", path:"/courses/39472", description:"This intensive one-semester course focuses on how to extract and interpret information in financial statements. The course adopts a user perspective of accounting by illustrating several specific accounting issues in a decision context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW OF CORP MGMT & FNCE", number:"null", id:"38824", path:"/courses/38824", description:"This course provides an introduction to the law of corporate management and finance, focusing on large publicly held corporations. It is presented from the perspective that before too long virtually all students will serve on one or more corporate boards of directors and that each should, therefore, know about the duties owed by directors and officers to those toward whom they bear a fiduciary duty. The course covers the basic obligations of corporate directors and managers under state corporate law and the federal securities laws. It also considers the rights and responsibilities of other major stake holders in the governance of public corporations, including shareholders, creditors/bondholders, employees (including corporate executives), investment bankers, corporate lawyers, and accountants. Particular attention is given to the law of mergers and acquisitions. Important issues of social policy concerning large business corporations are also discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLACKS IN AMERICAN FILM AND TELEVISION", number:"null", id:"40891", path:"/courses/40891", description:"This course is an examination and analysis of the changing images and achievements of African Americans in motion pictures and television. The first half of the course focuses on African-American film images from the early years of D.W. Griffith's 'renegade bucks' in The Birth of a Nation (1915); to the comic servants played by Steppin Fetchit, Hattie McDaniel, and others during the Depression era; to the post-World War II New Negro heroes and heroines of Pinky (1949) and The Defiant Ones (1958); to the rise of the new movement of African American directors such as Spike Lee (Do the Right Thing), Julie Dash (Daughters of the Dust), Charles Burnett, (To Sleep With Anger) and John Singleton (Boyz N the Hood). The second half explores television images from the early sitcoms 'Amos 'n Andy' and 'Beulah' to the 'Cosby Show,' 'Fresh Prince of Bel Air,' and 'Martin.' Foremost this course will examine Black stereotypes in American films and television--and the manner in which those stereotypes have reflected national attitudes and outlooks during various historical periods. The in-class screenings and discussions will include such films as Show Boat (1936), the independently produced 'race movies' of the 1930s and 1940s, Cabin in the Sky (1943), The Defiant Ones (1958), Imitation of Life (the 1959 remake) & Super Fly (1972).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36368", path:"/courses/36368", description:"This course will develop theoretical and computational approaches to structural and functional organization in the brain. The course will cover: (i) the basic biophysics of neural responses, (ii) neural coding and decoding with an emphasis on sensory systems, (iii) approaches to the study of networks of neurons, (iv) models of adaptation, learning and memory, (v) models of decision making, and (vi) ideas that address why the brain is organized the way that it is. The course will be appropriate for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students. A knowledge of multi-variable calculus, linear algebra and differential equations is required (except by permission of the instructor). Prior exposure to neuroscience and/or Matlab programming will be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GUJARATI II", number:"null", id:"38697", path:"/courses/38697", description:"This course is designed as a continuation of intermediate Gujarati I. Course objectives are to expand the mastery of sentence patterns and augment vocabulary and its usage through intensive grammar and comprehension exercises. A special emphasis will be placed on greater cultural awareness. Upon completion of this course students should be able to interact socially with added confidence and greater expressiveness. Students should also experience a great improvement in their comprehension of spoken and written language. During the second year of Gujarati, students are introduced to progressively more difficult reading selections, along with additional instructions in the formal grammar of the language. To maintain and develop oral and aural command of the language, readings are discussed in Gujarati. To develop their writing abilities, students are also expected to compose short essays on their readings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM BIBLICAL HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"42922", path:"/courses/42922", description:"A continued introduction to the grammar of Biblical Hebrew, focusing on the verbal system, with an emphasis on developing language skills in handling Biblical texts. A suitable entry point for students who have had some Modern Hebrew.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIATION BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36158", path:"/courses/36158", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"42063", path:"/courses/42063", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and real estate capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two midterms, (depending on instructor).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED INTERMD GRMN", number:"null", id:"42884", path:"/courses/42884", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers. This accelerated course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competencies, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules. Students conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN DESIGN", number:"null", id:"42361", path:"/courses/42361", description:"Modern Design surveys the development of useful and decorative objects from the rise of modernism at the beginning of the nineteenth century to its rejection in postmodernism toward the end of the century, from the early stages of industrial technology to recent advances in digital technology, from Tiffany glass and tubular-metal furniture to the iPhone and other products of today. Its overall approach focuses on the aesthetics of designed objects and on their designers, as well as on how we talk about and critique them, but the course also investigates the relationship of design and industrialization, technology, sustainability, individual needs, and the expression of societal values.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTONOMIC PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42418", path:"/courses/42418", description:"This course will introduce the student to the functioning of the autonomic nervous system (ANS), which is critically involved in the maintenance of body homeostasis through regulation of behavior and physiology. The course will begin with a review of the basic anatomy and physiology of the ANS including the sympathetic, parasympathetic and enteric divisions. The mechanisms by which the ANS regulates peripheral tissues will be discussed, including reflex and regulatory functions, as will the effect of drugs which modulate ANS activity. The role of the ANS in regulating behavior will be addressed in the context of thirst, salt appetite and food intake. MONDAY MEETING ONLY ON-LINE", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED ECONOMETRICS I", number:"null", id:"40734", path:"/courses/40734", description:"This is a course in econometrics for graduate students. The goal is to prepare students for empirical research by studying econometric methodology and its theoretical foundations. Students taking the course should be familiar with elementary statistical methodology and basic linear algebra, and should have some programming experience. Topics include conditional expectation and linear projection, asymptotic statistical theory, ordinary least squares estimation, the bootstrap and jackknife, instrumental variables and two-stage least squares, specification tests, systems of equations, generalized least squares, and introduction to use of linear panel data models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CHEMICAL ENG", number:"null", id:"43837", path:"/courses/43837", description:"Students will learn to read and understand a process flow sheet. There is a focus on drawing a process flow sheet, and formulating and solving the material balances for the chemical processes involving chemical reactions (some with recycle streams, some with purge streams, and some with bypass streams). Additionally, students will understand the limits of the ideal gas law, and have a working knowledge of the cubic equations of state and the concept of a compressibility factor. The class will study the basic concepts of gas-liquid phase equilibrium and apply Raoult's Law to solve phase equilibrium problems. A final objective is to design flow sheets and solve material balances for simple chemical processes using ASPEN (chemical engineering simulation program).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"38379", path:"/courses/38379", description:"Data Science I will introduce student to the collection, management, and analysis of data. Students will learn some basic programming in R, a leading programming language for the management and analysis of large and complex administrative data (big data). Unlike conventional introductory statistics courses that focus on analysis of data using commerical software packages, this course will emphasize data collection, management, analysis using basic computer programming and with real data common in criminal justice settings. Hands on experience will be emphasized. The textbook in Introductory Statistics with R, second edition, by Peter Dalgaard (Springer, 2009)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ARCH THEORY II", number:"null", id:"35310", path:"/courses/35310", description:"This course examines the development of modern architecture in the early-twentieth century. Case studies and selected texts are used to explore how modern architecture responded to the challenges of the Industrial Revolution and social modernization. Co-requisite: ARCH 302", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN CLST: CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36645", path:"/courses/36645", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Classical Studies, the study of the languages, cultures, art, and history of the ancient Mediterranean world. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"44125", path:"/courses/44125", description:"This course introduces students to the mathematical foundations of the theory of probability and its rich applications. The course begins with an exploration of combinatorial probabilities in the classical setting of games of chance, proceeds to the development of an axiomatic, fully mathematical theory of probability, and concludes with the discovery of the remarkable limit laws and the eminence grise of the classical theory, the central limit theorem. The topics covered include: discrete and continuous probability spaces , distributions, mass functions, densities; conditional probability; independence; the Bernoulli schema: the binomial, Poisson, and waiting time distributions; uniform, exponential, normal, and related densities; expectation, variance, moments; conditional expectation; generating functions, characteristic functions; inequalities, tail bounds, and limit laws. But a bald listing of topics does not do justice to the subject: the material is presented in its lush and glorious historical context, the mathematical theory buttressed and made vivid by rich and beautiful applications drawn from the world around us.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROTESQUE FORMS: MAKING COMICS", number:"null", id:"35649", path:"/courses/35649", description:"An introduction to letterpress printing and bookmaking and writing for the artist book, focusing on the history of the artist book, competence in letterpress technique, print composition and design skills, and alternative book binding. Course readings will focus on the work of Joanna Drucker and Jerome Rothenberg, and the examination of multi-media works. Field trips to local artist book collections will supplement course reading, projects, and the final project. The entire class will be taught, and practiced, through the lens of 'the grotesque' in art and literature. As a final project, each student will make their own limited-edition artist book that considers the course theme of 'the grotesque' through writing, image, printing and binding.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC PROP OF MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"37582", path:"/courses/37582", description:"This course will introduce the physical principles underlying broad spectrum of electronic properties in the solid state. Starting with the band structure of solids, the course will give an overview of electronic, dielectric, magnetic, thermal and optical properties of materials. The treatment will use quantum mechanical and statistical mechanical concepts familiar to students at the undergraduate level. Commonly used theories and models will be introduced and their predictions will be compared with observations. Students who have taken MSE 221/MSE 260 and/or MSE 570/MSE 575 will benefit from this advanced introduction to material properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS I", number:"null", id:"41670", path:"/courses/41670", description:"Brief review of High School calculus, applications of integrals, transcendental functions, methods of integration, infinite series, Taylor's theorem, and first order ordinary differential equations. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ASIAN AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"44314", path:"/courses/44314", description:"This course will provide an introduction to the history of Asian Pacific Americans, focusing on the wide diversity of migrant experiences, as well as the continuing legacies of Orientalism on American-born APA's. Issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality will also be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTHY SCHOOLS", number:"null", id:"36405", path:"/courses/36405", description:"This Fox Leadership and academically based community service seminar will use course readings and students' own observations and interviews in their service learning projects in West Philadelphia schools to analyze the causes and impact of school health and educational inequalities and efforts to address them. Course readings will include works by Jonathan Kozol, studies of health inequalities and their causes, and studies of No Child Left Behind, the CDC's School Health Index, recess, school meal, and nutrition education programs. Course speakers will help us examine the history, theories, politics and leadership behind different strategies for addressing school-based inequalities and their outcomes. Service options will focus especially on the West Philadelphia Recess Initiative. Other service options will include work with Community School Student Partnerships and the Urban Nutrition Initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEALS: ECON STRUC TRANS", number:"null", id:"43124", path:"/courses/43124", description:"This course focuses on the role of professionals, including lawyers of all types (corporate, tax, securities, etc.), direct private equity investors, corporate business development officers, and investment bankers, in creating value through transaction engineering. The overall goal of the course is to explain how private parties order their commercial interactions, to develop a theory of how they ought to do this, and to gain a thorough understanding of how business deals are actually done.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BUSINESS ECONOM", number:"null", id:"41012", path:"/courses/41012", description:"This course explores the economics and politics of public policy to provide an analytic framework for considering why, how, and with what success/failure government intervenes in a variety of policy areas. Particular attention will be paid to important policy issues relating to taxation, social security, low-income assistance, health insurance, education (both K-12 and higher ed), the environment, and government deficits. The costs and benefits of alternative policies will be explored along with the distribution of responsibilities between the federal, state and local governments. While the course will focus primarily on U.S. policies, the topics covered (e.g. tax reform, deficits versus austerity, etc.) are currently at the center of the policy debate in many other industrialized countries as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL PROG FALL TERM: Fault Lines in the Global System", number:"null", id:"41602", path:"/courses/41602", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TURK CULT &MEDIA II", number:"null", id:"36598", path:"/courses/36598", description:"Similar to TURK 212, Advanced Turkish Culture & Media I, in this course students also will have exposure to social Turkish clubs and to establish their own. They will arrange their Turkish tea parties and learn about Turkish cuisine. Expose Turkish daily news and interview Turkish business people in Turkish. Team spirit or ethics with those of the United States. Students will present and prepare a drama. Mainly students will create and decide their activities and discussions and the instructor will just monitor them most of time. They will continue watching Turkish movies and expose to Turkish culture through these films. After each movie discussions and essay writings will be expected.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE FAMILY", number:"null", id:"44922", path:"/courses/44922", description:"Most men and women get married during their lifetimes. In addition, most men and women become fathers and mothers at some point. This class presents social science evidence on the family. For example, it shows how 'greedy' workplaces, which require long work hours, create work-family conflicts for husbands and wives. The class also illuminates how men and women have different experiences within families. The lectures will also examine how economic inequality shapes family life. Students will have the opportunity to apply key concepts to daily life. All are welcome.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL IN CONTEMP MID EAST", number:"null", id:"40581", path:"/courses/40581", description:"This course is an introduction to the most prominent historical, cultural, institutional, and ideological features of Middle Eastern politics. Typical of the questions we shall address are why processes of modernization and economic change have not produced liberal democracies, why Islamic movements have gained enormous strength in some countries and not others, why conflicts in the region--between Israel and the Arabs, Iran and Iraq, or inside of Lebanon--have been so bitter and protracted; why the era of military coups was brought to an end but transitions to democracy have been difficult to achieve; why Arab unity has been so elusive and yet so insistent a theme; and why oil wealth in the Gulf, in the Arabian Peninsula, and in North Africa, has not produced industrialized or self-sustaining economic growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD BIOL & SOC IMPLICATI: Modern Biology and Social Implications", number:"null", id:"43552", path:"/courses/43552", description:"This course covers the history of biology in the 19th and 20th centuries, giving equal consideration to three dominant themes: evolutionary biology, classical genetics, and molecular biology. The course is intended for students with some background in the history of science as well as in biology, although no specific knowledge of either subject in required. We will have three main goals: first, to delineate the content of the leading biological theories and experimental practices of the past two centuries; second, to situate these theories and practices in their historical context, noting the complex interplay between them and the dominant social, political, and economic trends; and, third, to critically evaluate various methodological approaches to the history of science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"40947", path:"/courses/40947", description:"This is a beginner course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). It will introduce you to the speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills in the standard means of communication in the Arab world. The course is proficiency-based, implying that all activities are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. Evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, dictations, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that by the end of this course (ARAB 041) students will range in proficiency from Novice High to Intermediate Low on the ACTFL scale; in other words (using the terminology of the government's Foreign Service Institute), from 'incipient survival' to 'full' survival' in the native-speaking environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC LATIN", number:"null", id:"43942", path:"/courses/43942", description:"Advanced study in Latin for students enrolled in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR SPANISH SPEAKER", number:"null", id:"36374", path:"/courses/36374", description:"Portuguese for Spanish Speakers was designed for students who possess knowledge of Spanish or other Romance languages. The course begins with basic vocabulary and structures, advancing at an accelerated pace. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary. Students will participate in pairs, small-groups and whole-class activities that focus on the meaningful and accurate exchange of information. The class will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE OF DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44176", path:"/courses/44176", description:"The course will explore the changing relationship during the modern era between design(structure, model, plan of a work of art) and language (metaphor for a system of communication; speech, writing, literature). Our readings and visual presentations will focus on topics in the decorative arts, painting, architecture, typography and visual communication. We will focus on primary sources in order to situate our inquiry in a larger historical context. The discussion will center on claims about the inherent meaning of form, discuss different roles for design -as an ideological statement, as an agent of social change, and as an idiosyncratic expression. Topics will also include the search for a universal visual language, attempts at bridging the perceived gap between spoken and written language, and the impact of visual form on the meaning of literary texts (particularly when the author has been involved in the publication process). Students can suggest additional topics related to their field of study.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TRANSFORMATION OF URBAN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"36601", path:"/courses/36601", description:"The course traces the economic, social, and political history of American cities after World War II. It focuses on how the economic problems of the industrial city were compounded by the racial conflicts of the 1950s and 1960s and the fiscal crises of the 1970s. The last part of the course examines the forces that have led to the revitalization of cities in recent years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GIS APPLICATIONS IN SOCIAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"42220", path:"/courses/42220", description:"This course will introduce students to the principles behind Geographic Information Science and applications of (GIS) in the social sciences. Examples of GIS applications in social services, public health, criminology, real estate, environmental justice, education, history, and urban studies will be used to illustrate how GIS integrates, displays, and facilitates analysis of spatial data through maps and descriptive statistics. Students will learn to create data sets through primary and secondary data collection, map their own data, and create maps to answer research questions. The course will consist of a combination of lecture and lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"37177", path:"/courses/37177", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room. 

If you need assistance registering for a closed section, please email the department at fnarug@design.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE AND IDENTITY: COMING OF AGE IN 20TH CENTURY AMERICA", number:"null", id:"36673", path:"/courses/36673", description:"In this First Year Seminar we will use coming-of-age autobiographies to explore some of the most significant historical developments of the 20th century. By coming of age I mean autobiographies in which the author focuses primarily on the periods of childhood and adolescence into young adulthood. We will read books by people who lived during segregation in the South, the Great Depression, Japanese Internment during World War II, and the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s. We will consider many issues, including: race, racism, immigration, religion, social class, and gender. We will contemplate questions about identity, family, honesty, and memory. As we read each book we will examine an individual life in a particular place and time, and we will move out beyond the confines of a person, family, or town to explore the broader historical moment in which the individual lived. To make this deeper contextualization possible, the course is divided into segments that will allow us to study the historical context of the autobiography as well as engage in focused discussion of the texts themselves.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIFFERENTIAL GEOMETRY", number:"null", id:"43089", path:"/courses/43089", description:"The course moves from a study of extrinsic geometry (curves and surfaces in n-space) to the intrinsic geometry of manifolds. After a review of vector calculus and a section on tensor algebra, we study manifolds and their intrinsic geometry, including metrics, connections, geodesics, and the Riemann curvature tensor. Topics include Eulerian curvature and Euler's theorems, the Gauss map and first/second fundamental forms, the Theorema Egregium, minimal surfaces in n-space; other topics as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY ECOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42450", path:"/courses/42450", description:"This course will focus on topics at the intersection of evolutionary biology and ecology, including the evolution of cooperation and conflict from genes to societies to ecological communities, life history evolution, and the evolution of interspecific interactions and ecological communities. The course will use a combination of lectures and discussion of readings from the primary literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"37997", path:"/courses/37997", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. There will be a set of assignments including one in which students have an opportunity to undertake their own field research in a Philadelphia neighborhood involving multiple methods of scientific inquiry. All instructional materials will be based on data related to contemporary public policy issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Seminar in Cinema: Cinema and Politics", number:"null", id:"41323", path:"/courses/41323", description:"This course covers topics in Post-Colonial literature with emphasis determined by the instructor. The primary focus will be on novels that have been adapted to film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"40626", path:"/courses/40626", description:"This course evaluates 'ground-up' development as well as re-hab, re-development, and acquisition investments. We examine raw and developed land and the similarities and differences of traditional real estate product types including office, R & D, retail, warehouses, single family and multi-family residential, mixed use, and land as well as 'specialty' uses like golf courses, assisted living, and fractional share ownership. Emphasis is on concise analysis and decision making. We discuss the development process with topics including market analysis, site acquisition, due diligence, zoning, entitlements, approvals, site planning, building design, construction, financing, leasing, and ongoing management and disposition. Special topics like workouts and running a development company are also discussed. Course lessons apply to all markets but the class discusses U.S. markets only. Throughout the course, we focus on risk management and leadership issues. Numerous guest lecturers who are leaders in the real estate industry participate in the learning process. Format: predominately case analysis and discussion, some lectures, project visits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Marketing for Social Impact", number:"null", id:"40344", path:"/courses/40344", description:"Private and public sector firms increasingly use marketing strategies to engage their customers and stakeholders around social impact. To do so, managers need to understand how best to engage and influence customers to behave in ways that have positive social effects. This course focuses on the strategies for changing the behavior of a target segment of consumers on key issues in the public interest (e.g., health behaviors, energy efficiency, poverty reduction, fund-raising for social causes). How managers partner with organizations (e.g., non-profits, government) to achieve social impact will also be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 20TH-C AMERICAN LIT: THE POLITICS OF THE GIFT", number:"null", id:"44080", path:"/courses/44080", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION AND VIOLENCE", number:"null", id:"43441", path:"/courses/43441", description:"Perhaps nothing haunts modern politics more than religious violence. Killing sprees done in the name of God reveal the limits of political power. What spaceis left for the rule of law when appeals to dogma and the divine supersede reason? The causes and nature of divinely motivated violence are so mystifying that they are a constant topic of debate among academics, political parties, and news commentators. What really motivates religious violence? Is it just economic of class grievances in disguise? Are all religions prone to violence? Are some religions more violent than others? Or, are religions only violent when they go awry, denying their true messages? And does religion need to be quarantined and privatized, to keep us all safe? In this course, we'll probe the dividing line separating religion from politics in an effort to better understand the causes and nature of religious violence. How do we know the difference between religious violence and political violence? What makes religion violent, and what makes violence religious?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN PHIL OF EDUC: SOCIO-POL PHIL OF EDUC", number:"null", id:"36342", path:"/courses/36342", description:"In this course, we will examine some of the most pressing problems in contemporary philosophy of education. These problems include: how much control over a child's education ought to be allocated to parents and how much to the state; what role, if any, ought religion to play in education; how do race and gender impact individuals' educational experiences and how should such issues should be addressed in the classroom; what sort of (if any) civic education ought to be taught in schools (especially in wartime such as in the post 9-11 USA); and how should schools be funded? We will deal with a number of case studies, mostly recent, but some crucial historical cases as well. Our readings will be primarily philosophical texts, supplemented with those from other fields, such as psychology, history and sociology, in order to provide empirical context to the theoretical problems facing education today. As a seminar, the instructor welcomes student participation, including students bringing their own interests in educational theory to the classroom. At the same time, the instructor will lecture to the extent necessary to make classroom discussion espcially rich.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Human Rights: Perspectives on Forced Migration & Education", number:"null", id:"44834", path:"/courses/44834", description:"Comparative analysis of politics and development in Central America and Mexico.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MODERN GREEK II", number:"null", id:"44253", path:"/courses/44253", description:"Further attention to developing oral expression, reading, and writing skills for students with knowledge of Demotic Modern Greek.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD HEB LIT & CULT TRANS:   MODERN HEBREW LITERATURE & CULTURE IN TRANSLATION:HOLOCAUST IN LIT & FILM", number:"null", id:"40397", path:"/courses/40397", description:"Fall 2016: In the first decade of the new millennium, the so called 'Second Generation', children of Holocaust survivors reached maturity. Only in their 40s and 50s they finally began confronting and reconstructing their parents' experiences, as well as their own nightmarish childhoods. These include striking narratives Our Holocaust by Amir Gutfreund and Corner People by Esty G. Hayim as well as films like Walk on Water. The third generation is also returning to the forbidden story with prize winning films like 'The apartment.' The quintessential Holocaust narrative The Diary of Anne Frank appeared in 1947, one year prior to the establishment of the Jewish State. Nevertheless, Israeli culture 'waited' until the public trial of Adolf Eichmann in 1961 to hesitantly face the momentous catastrophe. The Zionist wish to forge a 'New Jew' motivated this suppression, at least in part. Aharon Appelfeld's stories were the first Holocaust-related works to enter the modernist literary scene in the 1960s, followed by the cryptic verse of Dan Pagis, a fellow child survivor. It was not until 1988 that this practice of concealing the past was broken, when two Israeli-born pop singers, children of survivors, released the watershed documentary 'Because of That War.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURES OF SCIENCE&TECH", number:"null", id:"36728", path:"/courses/36728", description:"Science and technology figure centrally in the economic, political, and socio-cultural changes that impact our worlds. Happenings in the life sciences, including the discovery of new genes, pathways, and processes, are redrawing concepts of the body and human nature and refiguring social and political relations. The seminar starts from the premise that scientific facts are made, not things existing a priori in the world and that are merely picked up by researchers and consumed by lay audiences. Likewise, technologies are created through a process of intense negotiation between producers and their sophisticated users. Focusing on the biosciences, we explore the production of science and technology and how they 1)affect individuals, self-identities, subjectivity, kinship, and social relationships; 2)have interacted with or reinforced political programs, racial classifications, unequal access to knowledge, and patterns of social injustice; 3)inform contemporary institutional structures, strategies of governance, and practices of citizenship. We will combine methods and perspectives from social and cultural anthropology, and the social studies of science and technology, and will draw from historical case studies, contemporary ethnographies of science, scientific and medical journals, 

documentary films and media reports.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Readings in Hindi Literature", number:"null", id:"37302", path:"/courses/37302", description:"Advanced Hindi aims at systematically developing higher level linguistic functions and cultural nuances. Students learn to describe, narrate and support opinions in informal and formal styles. The objective of the course is to promote a meaningful interaction with written literature and with native speakers in a socially acceptable manner in a variety of simple and complicated situations. A variety of authentic materials are used, such as short stories, plays, newspapers, magazines, videos, television and radio broadcasts, and interviews. Every semester the course materials and foci vary depending on the needs and interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-Corporate Restucturing and Distress Investing", number:"null", id:"41441", path:"/courses/41441", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENT AND DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"36427", path:"/courses/36427", description:"Thinking, judgment, and personal and societal decision making, with emphasis on fallacies and biases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HANDSCHRIFT-HYPERTEXT", number:"null", id:"35873", path:"/courses/35873", description:"This course will provide an introduction to German-language literary studies through exemplary readings of short forms: fables, fairy tales, aphorisms, stories, novellas, feuilletons, poems, songs, radio plays, film clips, web projects and others. Paying particular attention to how emergent technology influences genre, we will trace an evolution from Minnesang to rock songs, from early print culture to the internet age and from Handschrift to hypertext. Students will have ample opportunity to improve their spoken and written German through class discussion and a series of internet-based assignments. Readings and discussions in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED VIETNAMESE II", number:"null", id:"42310", path:"/courses/42310", description:"This is the continuation course to ALAN 210 680 Interm Vietnamese I. Instruction includes reading, writing, speaking and listening through the use of Conversational Vietnamese textbook, other media,and through students participation in various classroom activities. Learners will also acquaint themselves with Vietnamese culture through lesson content and supplementary course materials. By the end of the course students should be able to further their knowledge of reading and writing skills, enhance their conversation skills, and read and write short narratives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOL AND GEOG OF ENERGY", number:"null", id:"35852", path:"/courses/35852", description:"This course will survey the way geology controls the formation and location of energy resources. Questions we'll address include, 'How are oil and gas fields formed?', 'Why does the Middle East have so much oil?', 'What are the best locations in the US for wind and solar energy generation, and why?'. We will discuss hydrocarbon, nuclear, solar, wind, and tidal energy sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOPHYSICAL FLUID DYNAMI", number:"null", id:"35853", path:"/courses/35853", description:"This class will discuss physical principles fundamental to the theoretical,observational, and experimental study of geophysical fluids, the equations of motion for rotating fluids; hydrostatic and Boussinesq approximations; circulation theorem; conservation of potential vorticity; scale analysis, geostrophic wind, quasigeostrophic system; wave theory and applications, flow instabilities, geophysical boundary layers. Depending on student interest, the class will be adapted to include applications from Oceanography, Meteorology, Geophysics or Engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Leading Nonprofits", number:"null", id:"37242", path:"/courses/37242", description:"This course will provide an analysis of the nonprofit sector in relation to public and for-profit organizations, focusing on building the six core organizational compentencies that are essential to a successful nonprofit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVE WRITING: Creative Writing:  Personal Essay/Fiction", number:"null", id:"35615", path:"/courses/35615", description:"A course designed to allow the students to discover their own talents in at least two forms from a list that includes fiction, poetry, journalistic writing, creative nonfiction writing, and memoir. Though emphasis is on practice, classroom work includes discussion of theory as well as readings in published works. Frequent writing assignments. Reading lists vary with each section. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILADELPHIA 1700-2000", number:"null", id:"42957", path:"/courses/42957", description:"Using Philadelphia as a lens, this course will examine the transformation of American cities from the colonial period to the present. Through readings, lectures, and tours, we will consider urbanization and suburbanization, race, class, and ethnicity, economic development, poverty and inequality, housing and neighborhood change, urban institutions, and politics and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN BIBB: NEUROSCIENCE FREE WILL", number:"null", id:"43619", path:"/courses/43619", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the study of the Biological Basis of Behavior, an interdisciplinary field that examines the behavioral functions of the nervous system. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENICE: SELF-REPRESENTATION, PERFORMANCE, AND RECEPTION", number:"null", id:"40182", path:"/courses/40182", description:"This course focuses on the city of Venice and its elusive identity as represented in written, visual and built form. Structured as a series of topics and case studies (including primary visual and written sources; buildings and gardens) the course will introduce students to the material and cultural landscape of Venice and develop their ability to 'read' the urban fabric and its unique physical context by identifying its various features and explaining the political, social, economic and cultural agendas that brought them into existence. The course includes visits to Van Pelt Library, the Philadelphia Museum of Art and to Venice, funded by a grant from the Mellon Foundation's Humanities + Urbanism + Design (H+U+D) initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: The Greek and Roman Universe", number:"null", id:"38353", path:"/courses/38353", description:"This course covers the history of Greek and Roman exploration and mapping of the earth and the cosmos from the Bronze Age to Late Antiquity, together with advances in timekeeping and the measurement of time. Readings include poetic, historical, and scientific texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN MOD CHINESE III&IV", number:"null", id:"42501", path:"/courses/42501", description:"Designed for students who have had limited prior exposure to some form of Chinese (Mandarin or other dialects), but inadequate to advance to the intermediate level. The language practiced in Chin 022 will be more formal and written style than that of Chin 021, including more authentic materials reading, listening and viewing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGY & PUBLIC POLICY", number:"null", id:"36815", path:"/courses/36815", description:"This course will examine the scientific basis of public policy decision making in areas of human health, the environment, energy, and agriculture. A general understanding of the science involved in these areas - predominantly genetics, cell biology, physiology, and ecology - will be applied to topics such as drug and herbicide resistance, endangered species, regulation of biotechnology, microbial sources of energy, control of toxic substances, and the war against cancer. No formal background in biology or policy is required. The course should be particularly useful for non-science students who would like to gain insight into areas of biology of importance to public decision making and to students of public policy who would like a better background on biological issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL & SOC ENVIRON OF MM", number:"null", id:"40318", path:"/courses/40318", description:"Managing effectively in challenging socio-political environments (e.g., emerging markets) requires a melding of art and skill in engaging external stakeholders to advance corporate interests. This means crafting international coalitions of stakeholders spanning politicians, regulators, bureaucrats, analysts, investors, lawyers, reporters, consumers, non-profits, activists and local communities. It involves influencing these stakeholders' opinions, perceptions, behaviors and decisions so as to secure a favorable policy outcome, collective decision, shift in group opinion or pooling of resources that enhances the corporation's ability to generate a profit by satisfying a market demand. This course surveys the managerial, political, economic, sociological and psychological foundations of corporate diplomacy as well as case study examples of successful and failed implementation in order to develop an interdisciplinary framework for navigating complex socio-political environments. The insights gained can be applied to influence team decision-making and organizational politics as well as by individuals and organizations in lobbying, marketing, product development, distribution and sales, political campaigns and corporate, national or multilateral projections of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"40194", path:"/courses/40194", description:"This course is designed for students who have little or no knowledge of Korean. This course aims to develop foundational reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills through meaningful communicative activities and tasks. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to comprehend and carry on simple daily conversations and create simple sentences in the past, present, and future tenses. Students will learn how to introduce themselves, describe their surroundings, talk about daily lives, friends and relatives, and talk about past and future events.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO PRACTICUM II", number:"null", id:"43154", path:"/courses/43154", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Evaluating Medical Treatment: How Do We (and the FDA) Know What Works?", number:"null", id:"43805", path:"/courses/43805", description:"The development of new medical treatments typically culminates in one or more clinical trials - experiments in which the effects of the new treatment are compared with the effects of another treatment or no treatment. A great many considerations go into the design of these medical experiments. In this seminar, we will discuss the basic structure of the clinical trial, the varying types of designs that may be used, the scientific and ethical issues that arise, and the regulatory process that ultimately determines whether medical products are effective and safe and whether they can be made available to the public.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROGRAMMING PARADIGMS", number:"null", id:"36943", path:"/courses/36943", description:"Achieving mastery in a new programming language requires more than just learning a new syntax; rather, different languages support different ways to think about solving problems. Not all programming languages are inherently procedural or object-oriented. The intent of this course is to provide a basic understanding of a wide variety of programming paradigms, such as logic programming, functional programming, concurrent programming, rule-based programming, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSCI: BFS: Power Sharing in Deeply Divided Places", number:"null", id:"36408", path:"/courses/36408", description:"This course examines conceptual, explanatory and normative debates over power-sharing systems. We explore the circumstances in which federal, consociational and other power-sharing institutions and practices are proposed and implemented to regulate deep national, ethnic, religious or linguistic divisions. We evaluate these systems, seeking to explain why they are formed or attempted, and why they may endure or fail, paying special attention to bi- and multi-national, multi-ethnic, multi-religious and multi-lingual environments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOLSTOY", number:"null", id:"43459", path:"/courses/43459", description:"Few authors have ever been able to combine their moral and artistic visions as closely as Tolstoy. Over the course of the semester, we will plot how Tolstoy's ethical concerns changed over the course of his life and how this was reflected in works, which include some of the greatest prose ever written. We will begin by surveying the majestic and far-reaching world of his novels and end with some of Tolstoy's short later works that correspond with the ascent of 'Tolstoyism' as virtually its own religion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36508", path:"/courses/36508", description:"This course is a comprehensive introduction to the sociological study of urban areas. This includes more general topics as the rise of cities and theories urbanism, as well as more specific areas of inquiry, including American urbanism, segregation, urban poverty, suburbanization and sprawl, neighborhoods and crime, and immigrant ghettos. The course will also devote significant attention to globalization and the process of urbanization in less developed counties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A THEME: FROM THE UNCANNY TO THE HORROR:  LITERATURE, FILM AND PSYCHOANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"39862", path:"/courses/39862", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through the works of a compelling literary theme. (For offerings in a given semester, please see the online course descriptions on the English Department website). The theme's function within specific historical contexts, within literary history generally, and within contemporary culture, are likely to be emphasized. Some versions of this course will also serve as an introduction to other members of the English faculty, who will visit the class as guest lecturers. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATABASE & INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41145", path:"/courses/41145", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad field of database and information systems, covering a variety of topics relating to structured data, ranging from data modeling to logical foundations and popular languages, to system implementations. We will study the theory of relational and XML data design; the basics of query languages; efficient storage of data, execution of queries and query optimization; transactions and updates; web-database development; and 'big data' and NoSQL systems. The course assumes mathematical and programming experience equivalent to CIS160 and CIS121.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN COG NEUROSCI", number:"null", id:"39253", path:"/courses/39253", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEMOC IN LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"36417", path:"/courses/36417", description:"Research seminar on public security via the constraint of power (violence, states, arms) in domestic and international politics. Examines devices (virtue, balance, separation, mixture and Constitutions); applications in city-states (Greece & Rome), naval mercantile politics (Venice & Britain), the 'Republic of Europe,' the USA (1787-1861), and nuclear arms control; and theorists (Polybius, Michiavelli, Publius, Calhoun et al).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Stem Cells & Society", number:"null", id:"35957", path:"/courses/35957", description:"Stem cells have dominated the biomedical news over the past decade, impacting on society with regard to medicine, ethics religion, law, politics, economics and education. Stem cells serve as the premier example for a number of critical and controversial issues at the interface of scientific research, medicine, and society. This course is intended for upper class Penn undergraduates who are not majoring in the sciences. We will explain the basics behind stem cells, the quest for medical therapies and the impact on, and role of, diverse societal issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETHERLANDISH ART", number:"null", id:"39553", path:"/courses/39553", description:"Dutch and Flemish painting in the 15th and 16th centuries with special emphasis on the contributions of Robert Campin, Jan van Eyck and Roger van der Weyden, Bosch, and Bruegel. Also included are topics on the development of prints as well as the dialogue with Italian art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Portraits of Old Russia: Myth, Icon, Chronicle", number:"null", id:"44893", path:"/courses/44893", description:"This course covers eight centuries of Russias cultural, political, and social history, from its origins through the eighteenth century, a period which laid the foundation for the Russian Empire. Each week-long unit is organized around a set of texts (literary text, historical document, image, film) which examine prominent historical and legendary figures as they represent chapters in Russias history. Historical figures under examination include, among others, the Baptizer of Rus, Prince Vladimir; the nation-builder, Prince Alexander Nevsky; the first Russian Tsar, Ivan the Terrible; the first Emperor and Westernizer, Peter the Great; the renowned icon painter Andrei Rublev; the epic hero Ilya Muromets; and the founder of Muscovite monasticism, St. Sergius of Radonezh.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SAMPLE SURVEY METHODS", number:"null", id:"39325", path:"/courses/39325", description:"This course provides an introduction to survey data collection. In meeting this objective, we examine the major planning tasks necessary for conducting surveys, including problem formulation, study design, questionnaire and interview design, pretesting, sampling, interviewer training and field management, code development and coding of data, and data cleaning and management. We critically explore the the design of surveys and collection of data from epistemological and ethical perspectives. Students will leave the class with a solid understanding of the basic process of survey data collection and a familiarity with its strengths and weaknesses as a method of inquiry into human behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE II", number:"null", id:"43264", path:"/courses/43264", description:"In this didactic course, students learn to integrate their advanced pharmacology and pathophysiology background with their understanding of acute illness and injury. The focus is on the evidence-based management of patients with neurologic, gastrointestinal, renal, oncologic, and metabolic health problems. Students develop skills to create a differential diagnosis when an adult/older-adult presents with a constellation of symptoms. Common and atypical presentations of illness and disease are explored. Focus is placed on holistic care including the psychosocial, cultural, and spiritual aspects of patients' response to their illness or injury. Epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management, and advanced clinical decision making based on current clinical research are emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING NATIONS/BREAKING NATIONS:  PARTITION AND SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"35674", path:"/courses/35674", description:"This course explores an aspect of Postcolonial literature intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF YOUNG AND MIDDLE AGED ADULTS", number:"null", id:"41837", path:"/courses/41837", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of young and middle aged adults who experience functional status impairments as a result of serious illness or injury. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern, including risk factors for illness or injury, strategies to overcome barriers and support personal health resources, alleviate suffering and reduce the impact of illness or injury on the functioning of the person. Content and clinical experiences integrate developmental and role issues; policy, cultural and ethical considerations. Clinical experiences in acute care hospital units and simulation experiences provide opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"45142", path:"/courses/45142", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"35764", path:"/courses/35764", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIV. EQUITY EMERG. MAR", number:"null", id:"45208", path:"/courses/45208", description:"The course investigates the private equity industry in emerging markets. The goal of the course is to give students a realistic understanding of the roles, responsibilities and analytical skills required of market practitioners, as well as the tensions that arise between various stakeholders, including government officials, investors, entrepreneurs, and the press. The underlying premise is that private equity in those countries has evolved as a distinctly different asset class from private equity in industrialized countries in areas such as valuations, governance, structure, contract enforcement and regulatory transparency. The course will require high level of preparation and class participation. Classes will be a mix of guest speakers from the industry and business cases, to provide students with a practical grasp of the private equity industry and the particular issues involved with how the business works in emerging markets. Cases will highlight the challenges and tasks at each stage of the investment cycle, such as structuring a new fund, originating new deals, conducting due diligence, creating value and monitoring performance of portfolio companies, and exiting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"39842", path:"/courses/39842", description:"International monetary economics with emphasis on economic policy in an open economy. Topics covered in the course include: balance-of-payments adjustment, theories of exchange rate determinaton, the effects of exchange rate devaluation, macroeconomic policy under fixed and floating exchange rates, the Euro-dollar market, currency and balance of payments crises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL PROG: International Order-making", number:"null", id:"42988", path:"/courses/42988", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40148", path:"/courses/40148", description:"This course surveys the history of medical knowledge and practice from antiquity to the present. No prior background in the history of science or medicine is required. The course has two principal goals: (1)to give students a practical introduction to the fundamental questions and methods of the history of medicine, and (2)to foster a nuanced, critical understanding of medicine's complex role in contemporary society. The couse takes a broadly chronological approach, blending the perspectives of the patient,the physician,and society as a whole--recognizing that medicine has always aspired to 'treat' healthy people as well as the sick and infirm. Rather than history 'from the top down'or 'from the bottom up,'this course sets its sights on history from the inside out. This means, first, that medical knowledge and practice is understood through the personal experiences of patients and caregivers. It also means that lectures and discussions will take the long-discredited knowledge and treatments of the past seriously,on their own terms, rather than judging them by todays's standards. Required readings consist largely of primary sources, from elite medical texts to patient diaries. Short research assignments will encourge students to adopt the perspectives of a range of actors in various historical eras.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIXED MEDIA ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"42789", path:"/courses/42789", description:"Mixed Media Animation is a contemporary survey of stop-motion animation concepts and techniques. Students use digital SLR cameras, scanners and digital compositing software to produce works in hand-drawn animation, puppet and clay animation, sand animation, and multiplane collage animation. Screenings and discussions in the course introduce key historical examples of animation demonstrating how these techniques have been used in meaningful ways. Students then learn how to composite two or more of these methods with matte painting, computer animation or video.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY MARKETS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"35369", path:"/courses/35369", description:"Over the last several decades, energy markets have become some of the most dynamic markets of the world economy. Traditional fossil fuel and electricity markets have been seen a partial shift from heavy regulation to market-driven incentives, while rising environmental concerns have led to a wide array of new regulations and 'environmental markets'. The growth of renewable energy could be another source of rapid change, but brings with it a whole new set of tecnological and policy challenges. This changing energy landscape requires quick adaptation from energy companies, but also offers opportunities to turn regulations into new business. The objective of this course is to provide students with the economist's perspectibve ona broad range of topics that professionals in the energy industry will encounter. Topics include the effect of competition, market power and scarcity on energy prices, the impact of deregulation on electricity and fossil fuel markets, extraction and pricing of oil and gas, uncertainty and geopolitical risk in hydocargbon investments, the environmental impact and policies related to the energy sector, environmental cap-and-trade markets, energy efficiency, the economics and finance of renewable energy, and recent developments in the transportaiton sector.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER RDG/WRTG CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"41108", path:"/courses/41108", description:"CHIN 231 is an intermediate reading and writing course designed for students at the ACTFL intermediate-mid reading and writing proficiency. The goal of this course is to reach the intermediate-high level of proficiency. This course concentrates on writing of muti-paragraph essays through the use of conventional rhetorical modes and standard grammatical structures. Students will be given ample time to think and to discuss (the crucial 'brainstorming' phase) before writing. The course stresses content, culture and comparison and draws its content from assigned readings and evidence-based argument from texts and other stimuli such as Internet, newspapers and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATION/CONFLICT RES", number:"null", id:"44406", path:"/courses/44406", description:"This course includes not only conflict resolution but techniques which help manage and even encourage the valuable aspects of conflict. The central issues of this course deal with understanding the behavior of individuals, groups, and organizations in conflict management situations. The purpose of this course is to understand the theory and processes of negotiations as it is practiced ina variety of settings. The course is designed to be relevant to the broad specturm of problems that are faced by the manager and professional including management of multinationals, ethical issues, and alternative dispute resolutions. Cross listed w/ LGST 206 & OPIM 291.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOTRANS PROCES", number:"null", id:"35348", path:"/courses/35348", description:"Introduction to basic principles of fluid mechanics and of energy and mass transport with emphasis on applications to living systems and biomedical devices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROUNDBREAKING POETS, TRADITIONAL FORMS", number:"null", id:"39881", path:"/courses/39881", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century poetry intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENEW ENERGY&ITS IMPACT", number:"null", id:"43999", path:"/courses/43999", description:"The objective is to introduce students to the major aspects of renewable energy, with its foundations in technology, association to economics, and impacts on ecology and society. This introduction is intended both for general education and awareness and for preparation for careers related to this field. The course spans from basic principles to applications. A review of solar, wind, biomass, hydroelectric, geothermal energy, and prospects for future energy systems such as renewable power generation in space.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV INTERMED ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"35303", path:"/courses/35303", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 035/635.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO INTL RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"36387", path:"/courses/36387", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUST DEV/WATER RES SYS", number:"null", id:"38250", path:"/courses/38250", description:"The application of systems methodology to the design of water supply and sanitation projects. The focus is on the designing for sustainability by emphasizing how technical solutions fit within the appropriate social context. Case studies are used to demonstrate these principles across a range of examples from developed and developing countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VOICES OF THE MIDDLE EAST: HISTORY THROUGH LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"35931", path:"/courses/35931", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"41432", path:"/courses/41432", description:"FNCE 719 is a course on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"41324", path:"/courses/41324", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the field of engineering. It will expose students to the engineering disciplines through hands-on laboratory experiences. In addition, the course will provide tutorials on how to use important software packages as well as a 'Professional Preparation' module through studies of communication (writing and speaking skills), ethics, leadership and teamwork. This course is ideal for any freshman interested in exploring the possibility of studying engineering at Penn. The course counts as an engineering requirement in SEAS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METROPOLITAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"40776", path:"/courses/40776", description:"In order to understand the complex and often skewed relationship between the built and natural systems, we must think in processes and examine different scales simultaneously. The course explores urban sustainability and resilience. At its core, sustainability is a radical concept that integrates the economy, equity (social justice), and the environment. Co-opted by marketing slogans, stripped of meaning and context, it has become vague and pliable. Sustainability and resilience demand a holistic systems view of the world. The course focuses on communities such as New Orleans and Eastwick where urban development has focused on economic concerns at the expense of the environment and equity resulting in unintended, and sometimes, catastrophic consequences. Students will have the opportunity to interact with community residents who have organized to develop strategies to address these ongoing issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN LAW", number:"null", id:"40775", path:"/courses/40775", description:"This course will focus on selected aspects of urban law that are particularly relevant to areas of high population density. After an introduction to the American judicial system, it will examine the legal issues that arise in the management of land development and use, with special attention to constitutional questions involving equal protection, due process, and the 'takings' clause, and routine run-of-the-mill zoning challenges. This course meets the Cultural Diversity requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL INFERENCE", number:"null", id:"36560", path:"/courses/36560", description:"Graphical displays; one- and two-sample confidence intervals; one- and two-sample hypothesis tests; one- and two-way ANOVA; simple and multiple linear least-squares regression; nonlinear regression; variable selection; logistic regression; categorical data analysis; goodness-of-fit tests. A methodology course. This course does not have business applications but has significant overlap with STAT 101 and 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIEVAL LIT & CULTURE: MEDIEVAL WORLDS", number:"null", id:"35618", path:"/courses/35618", description:"This course introduces students to four hundred years of English literary culture, from approximately 1100 to 1500. This period was marked by major transformations, not only with respect to government, law, religious practice, intellectual life, England's relation to the Continent (during the 100 Years War), the organization of society (especially after the Black Death), the circulation of literary texts, and the status of authors. Topics may include medieval women writers, manuscript production, literatures of revolt, courtly culture, Crusades, cross-Channel influences, and religious controversy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC ENERGY CONV&STORAGE", number:"null", id:"35429", path:"/courses/35429", description:"Fuel cells, electrolysis cells, and batteries are all electrochemical devices for the interconversion between chemical and electrical energy. These devices have inherently high efficiencies and are playing increasingly important roles in both large and small scale electrical power generation, transportation (e.g. hybrid and electric vehicles), and energy storage (e.g. production of H2 via electrolysis). This course will cover the basic electrochemistry and materials science that is needed in order to understand the operation of these devices, their principles of operation, and how they are used in modern applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"41143", path:"/courses/41143", description:"Design and implementation of a significant piece of work: software, hardware or theory. In addition, emphasis on technical writing and oral communication skills. Students must have an abstract of their Senior Project, which is approved and signed by a Project Adviser, at the end of the second week of Fall classes. The project continues during two semesters; students must enroll in CIS 401 during the second semester. At the end of the first semester, students are required to submit an intermediate report and give a class presentation describing their project and progress. Grades are based on technical writing skills (as per submitted report), oral presentation skills (as per class presentation) and progress on the project. These are evaluated by the Project Adviser and the Course Instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG DECSN MAKING", number:"null", id:"37725", path:"/courses/37725", description:"The course is built around lectures reviewing multiple empirical studies, class discussion,and a few cases. Depending on the instructor, grading is determined by some combination of short written assignments, tests, class participation and a final project (see each instructor's syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: SOCIAL POLICY: ECONOMICS OF CRIME AND CORRUPTION: AN INTERDISCIPLINARY PERSPECTIVE", number:"null", id:"41999", path:"/courses/41999", description:"Social policy is the study of human wellbeing and is concerned with the effects in areas of health care, criminal justice, inequality, and education, among others. As a PPE Capstone, this is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"44425", path:"/courses/44425", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MACRO", number:"null", id:"38414", path:"/courses/38414", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. An examination of a market economy to provide an understanding of how the size and composition of national output are determined. Elements of monetary and fiscal policy, international trade, economic development, and comparative economic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Public Speaking", number:"null", id:"37240", path:"/courses/37240", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"41421", path:"/courses/41421", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEXICAN CINEMA", number:"null", id:"42161", path:"/courses/42161", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"40948", path:"/courses/40948", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, THEORY", number:"null", id:"44699", path:"/courses/44699", description:"The antepartum course builds upon the well-woman health care course. The focus is management of prenatal care for the childbearing family. Conceptual threads of public policy and ethics are integrated within the content to help students to identify broader implications for prenatal care. Content includes theory and practice related to nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management of the normal pregnant woman, and nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management and strategies to reduce selected obstetric complications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION INTERNSHIP", number:"null", id:"39789", path:"/courses/39789", description:"Seminar for students concurrently participating in department-approved internships in communication-related organizations. Students will develop independent research agendas to investigate aspects of their internship experience or industry. Building on written field notes, assigned readings, and classroom discussion and evaluation, students will produce final papers using ethnographic methods to describe communications within their site or industry in order to understand and critically examine their hands-on experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"40993", path:"/courses/40993", description:"Survey course introducing students to the breadth of bioengineering. Course consists of introductory lectures, guest speakers/panelists, and a series of small assignments that allow students to explore different facets of bioengineering and the Penn Bioengineering program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"C.U. IN INDIA TOPICS: GENDER, DEVELOPMENT, AND EMPOWERMENT IN INDIA", number:"null", id:"37883", path:"/courses/37883", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India or South East Asia where students participate in 1) 28 classrom hours in the Fall term 2) a 12-day trip to India or South East Asia with the instructor during the winter break visiting key sites and conducting original research (sites vary) 3) 21 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) a research paper, due at the end of the Spring term. Course enrollment is limited to students admitted to the program. For more information and the program application go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia 

This is a 2-CU yearlong course 

DEADLINE TO REGISTER IS MARCH 31st", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"38417", path:"/courses/38417", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"36712", path:"/courses/36712", description:"This course explores the history and archaeology of the last 20,000 years from the development of agriculture to the industrial revolution. Why did people across the world abandon foraging for farming? How and why did cities and states develop? Why did societies succeed or fail? How have humans transformed themselves and the natural world, including the landscape and the climate? We will explore the methods that archaeologists use to consider these questions and analyze evidence for social and economic change from the Middle East, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Europe. In addition, students will have a chance to conduct hands-on exercises with artifacts from the Penn Museum and an opportunity to do some experimental archaeology during recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: WHAT DRIVES ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"45066", path:"/courses/45066", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOTECH & BIOCHEM ENG", number:"null", id:"36854", path:"/courses/36854", description:"An overview of several important aspects of modern biotechnology from a chemical engineering perspective: DNA, enzymes, proteins, molecular genetics, genetic engineering, cell growth kinetics, bioreactors, transport processes, protein recovery and protein separations. Group projects include a MATLAB project and a pharmaceutical profile.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ESE RSRCH METH", number:"null", id:"44123", path:"/courses/44123", description:"Introduction to the nature and process of engineering research as represented by ongoing ESE faculty (and collaborating colleagues' and industrial partners') research projects. Joint class exercises in how to pursue effective background technical reading, pitch a proposal, and aim for the discovery of new human knowledge to complement the individually mentored topic specific project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"37039", path:"/courses/37039", description:"Students prepare an honors thesis in economics over the academic year, supervised by a faculty member of their choice. In both semesters students present their work in progress to the class. Any student intending to do empirical work in the thesis should have COMPLETED ECON 103 and 104.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1000 YRS MUSICAL LISTENG", number:"null", id:"44581", path:"/courses/44581", description:"We know that we like music and that it moves us, yet it is often difficult to pinpoint exactly why, and harder still to explain what it is we are hearing. This course takes on those issues. It aims to introduce you to a variety of music, and a range of ways of thinking, talking and writing about music. The majority of music dealt with will be drawn from the so-called 'Classical' repertory, from the medieval period to the present day, including some of the 'greats' such as Handel, Beethoven, Mozart, Berlioz, and Verdi, but will also introduce you to music you will most likely never have encountered before. This course will explore the technical workings of music and the vocabularies for analyzing music and articulating a response to it; it also examines music as a cultural phenomenon, considering what music has meant for different people, from different societies across the ages and across geographical boundaries. As well as learning to listen ourselves, we will also engage with a history of listening. No prior musical knowledge is required. (Formerly Music 021). Fulfills College Cross Cultural Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE & ETHNIC RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"43486", path:"/courses/43486", description:"The course will focus on race and ethnicity in the United States. We begin with a brief history of racial categorization and immigration to the U.S. The course continues by examining a number of topics including racial and ethnic identity, interracial and interethnic friendships and marriage, racial attitudes, mass media images, residential segregation, educational stratification, and labor market outcomes. The course will include discussions of African Americans, Whites, Hispanics, Asian Americans and multiracials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL WRITING IN THE DIGITAL AGE", number:"null", id:"41302", path:"/courses/41302", description:"A primer on writing about U.S. politics, in an era of major technological upheaval and serious voter polarization. Today's 24/7, wi-fi'd, blogging environment-along with the rise of new conservative media are changing the ways that writers cover politics and deliver the information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REVOLUTION OF THE WORD:  MODERNIST AMERICAN POETRY AND POETICS (1900-1945)", number:"null", id:"44082", path:"/courses/44082", description:"This course explores an aspect of poetry and poetics intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY -AFR LG ELEM I", number:"null", id:"39494", path:"/courses/39494", description:"The main objective of this course is to allow students to study an African language of their choice, depending on the availability of the instructor. The course will provide students with linquistics tools which will facilitate their research work in the target country. Cultural aspects of the speakers of the language will be introduced and reinforced.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE III", number:"null", id:"39683", path:"/courses/39683", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN112, this is the third course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 450-500 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes. In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given on each lesson.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: CLASSICISM & LIT: OVID AND SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"35659", path:"/courses/35659", description:"This advanced seminar will examine the classical backgrounds to English poetry, in particular the Biblical and Greco-Roman antecedents to Renaissance lyric verse and verse drama (such as, preeminently, Shakespeare). Different versions of this course will have different emphases on Biblical or Hellenist backgrounds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"40447", path:"/courses/40447", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"42842", path:"/courses/42842", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAMILY FOCUSED PRIMARY CARE OF THE MIDDLE-AGED AND OLDER ADULT", number:"null", id:"43267", path:"/courses/43267", description:"This course focuses on primary care problems encountered by middle-aged and older adults and their families. Students have the opportunity to build on previously acquired skills and to apply concepts of primary care to manage the complex health problems of middle-aged and older adults.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART, DESIGN AND DIGITAL CULTURE", number:"null", id:"45156", path:"/courses/45156", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamental perception, representation, aesthetics, and design that shape today's visual culture. It addresses the way artists and designers create images; design with analog and digital tools; communicate, exchange, and express meaning over broad range of media; and find their voices within the fabric of contemporary art, design, and visual culture. Emphasis is placed on building an extended form of visual literacy by studying and making images using a variety of representation techniques; learning to organize and structure two-dimensional and three-dimensional space, and designing with time-based and procedural media. Students learn to develop an individual style of idea-generation, experimentation, iteration, and critique as part of their creative and critical responses to visual culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ROMAN ART/ARCH: The Topography of Ancient Rome", number:"null", id:"39562", path:"/courses/39562", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND MEDICINE:  1650-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"44054", path:"/courses/44054", description:"This course offers a comprehensive study of significant changes and continuities in the history of medicine from 1650-1850, alongside works of literature that exemplify the shifting notions of the doctor and sickness in the Western medical tradition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ENLIGHTENMENT", number:"null", id:"40038", path:"/courses/40038", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see French Dpartment's webpage: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"40227", path:"/courses/40227", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language ( ASL ); cultural values and behavioral rules of the deaf community in the U.S.; receptive and expressive activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling and aspects of Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"38768", path:"/courses/38768", description:"Women's health is a constant refrain of modern life, prompting impassioned debates that speak to the fundamental nature of our society. Women's bodies are the tableaux across which politicians, physicians, healthcare professional, activists, and women themselves dispute issues as wide-ranging as individual versus collective rights, the legitimacy of scientific and medical knowledge, the role of the government in healthcare, inequalities of care, and the value of experiential knowledge, among many others. Understanding the history of these questions is crucial for informed engagement with contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCHASTIC PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"36561", path:"/courses/36561", description:"An introduction to Stochastic Processes. The primary focus is on Markov Chains, Martingales and Gaussian Processes. We will discuss many interesting applications from physics to economics. Topics may include: simulations of path functions, game theory and linear programming, stochastic optimization, Brownian Motion and Black-Scholes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING HONORS RESEARCH PROJECT", number:"null", id:"37651", path:"/courses/37651", description:"This course is an advanced seminar for research and scholarship to be taken by honors students in nursing. Enrollment is concurrent with implementation of the individual student's honors project. Practical considerations in carrying out such a project, including scholarly approach and scientific integrity as well as scholarly writing and dissemination will be discussed and illustrated, using exemplars and student projects. The various phases of students' projects will be used as launching points for discussions and to complement students' work with their faculty supervisors. Paths and planning for careers in nursing and related disciplines and the idea of scholarship and research trajectories will be developed throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN FRANCE: 1789-1945", number:"null", id:"35829", path:"/courses/35829", description:"French cultural and social history from the Revolution of 1789 to the liberation of Paris in 1944. Readings in primary and secondary sources, including political documents, literary excerpts and contemporary articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"43019", path:"/courses/43019", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. Business Korean I is designed for students who want to sharpen their Korean language skills to the advanced-high level by focusing their study on Korean business and economy. Students will learn business/economy-related terminologies and concepts. They will also take an in-depth look at the issues related to business practices and environment in Korea. Students will improve and refine their language skills through actively participating in discussions, research, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING THE CLASSICS", number:"null", id:"35910", path:"/courses/35910", description:"In this course we will study the early roots of Western culture--the Biblical, Greek and Roman traditions--as well as how sixteenth- and seventeenth-century European authors reproduced, rethought and reshaped these early traditions. Instead of reading and discussing the required texts according to the date when they were written (first the early traditions and ending with the Renaissance views), we will focus our attention on a few themes that were central concerns to those living in Classic and Renaissance times, and that continue to influence modern ways of thinking and acting in Western societies: conceptions of God and the place of religion in society; nature of power and authority, and individuals' rights and duties; good, evil, and ethical philosophy; views on women, their nature and roles in society; ethnography and the perception of other cultures and societies. In addition to reading and discussing several of the biblical books--Genesis, Exodus, the Book on Revelation--we will study other seminal classical works--Sophocles' Antigone, Aristotle's Politics and Ethics, Herodotus' The Histories; Plato's Apology-- and works by Michel de Montaigne, Maria de Zayas y Sotomayor, Marie de Gournay, Christopher Marlowe, William Shakespeare, and several others. We will also work with books published in the last decades, analyzing the", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASTROMETHODS&INSTRUMENTS", number:"null", id:"43757", path:"/courses/43757", description:"Techniques of modern astronomical observations, including: detection of light from the radio through gamma rays; sources of noise in astronomical measurements; image analysis and reduction techniques; telescope optics and adaptive optics; spectroscopic measurements; radio interferometry and spectroscopy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETISM I", number:"null", id:"40554", path:"/courses/40554", description:"An intermediate course. Electrostatic fields and potentials, dielectrics, and direct currents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ANIMATION: THE ANIMATION OF DISNEY", number:"null", id:"39701", path:"/courses/39701", description:"This topic course explores multiple and different aspects of Animation. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"39977", path:"/courses/39977", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EDUC: SCHOOLING AND DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"43625", path:"/courses/43625", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Education, the study of learning processes, organizations, and institutions that shape human education. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Spanish Culture and Civilization: Penn-in-Madrid", number:"null", id:"45312", path:"/courses/45312", description:"A study of the Spanish character as revealed in its history, geography, language, literature, art, music, social institutions and ethnic traditions. This course is primarily designed for the Spanish major and other with an interest in Hispanic culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUGS, BRAIN, AND MIND", number:"null", id:"38200", path:"/courses/38200", description:"The course will begin with a review of basic concepts in pharmacology including: routes of drug administration, drug metabolism, the dose response curve, tolerance and sensitization. Following a brief overview of cellular foundations of neuropharmacology (neuronal biology, synaptic and receptor function), the course will focus on several neurotransmitter systems and the molecular and behavioral mechanisms mediating the mind-altering, additive and neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression, schizophrenia an anxiety, with an emphasis on their underlying neurobiological causes, as well as the pharmacological appraches for treatment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS OF HEALTH CARE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39046", path:"/courses/39046", description:"The theoretical foundations of health care ethics including definitions of ethics, history of bioethics and nursing ethics, and the influence of religion,psychology of moral development and philosophy in the development of ethical theory. Nursing code of ethics, changing ideas in ethics, and discussion of the developing profession of nursing are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE OF SUCCESS", number:"null", id:"36023", path:"/courses/36023", description:"This course explores the history, literature, and philosophy of two age-old questions: what does it mean to be successful and how does one achieve this elusive goal? It surveys some of the classics of the 'success' genre - from Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography in the 18th century to Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People and Marcus Buckingham's Now, Discover Your Strengths in the 20th and 21st centuries. Case studies of remarkable achievements in business and society and Arthur Miller's play Death of a Salesman provide additional contexts within which to reflect on the questions at the center of the course. Students will keep a personal journal and use web-based tools to examine their own character strengths, talents, and achievement orientations. Grading is based on class attendance and participation, reading response papers, personal journals on assigned topics involving self reflection, a mid-term paper on an assigned research subject related to success, and a final, longer paper exploring, based on course readings and original research, each students personal philosophy of success. No final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CU IN INDIA - TECH INNOVATION IN SOUTH ASIA/INDIA: HISTORY AND PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"44911", path:"/courses/44911", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India or South East Asia where students participate in 1) 28 classrom hours in the Fall term 2) a 12-day trip to India or South East Asia with the instructor during the winter break visiting key sites and conducting original research (sites vary) 3) 28 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) a research paper, due at the end of the Spring term. Course enrollment is limited to students admitted to the program. For more information and the program application go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO QUEER STUDIES: Introduction to Queer Studies", number:"null", id:"38692", path:"/courses/38692", description:"This course will examine major ideas in the field of queer studies. Relying upon theoretical, historical, and cultural studies texts, we will consider the representation and constructions of sexuality-based identities as they have been formed within the contemporary United States. We will explore the idea of sexuality as a category of social identity, probing the identities of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender to try and understand what they really mean in various cultural, social, and political milieus. In doing so, we will ask: What does it mean to study queerness? What do we mean by 'queer studies'? How do institutions - religious, legal, scientific - shape our understandings of queer identities? In what ways do sexuality and gender interact, and how does this interaction inform the meanings of each of these identity categories? How do other social categories of identification - race, ethnicity, class, etc. - affect the ways in which we understand expressions of queerness? What does studying queerness tell us about the workings of contemporary political, cultural, and social life? What is normal and who/what is it that defines and controls normalcy?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN DATA MINING", number:"null", id:"43543", path:"/courses/43543", description:"Modern Data Mining: Statistics or Data Science has been evolving rapidly to keep up with the modern world. While classical multiple regression and logistic regression technique continue to be the major tools we go beyond to include methods built on top of linear models such as LASSO and Ridge regression. Contemporary methods such as KNN (K nearest neighbor), Random Forest, Support Vector Machines, Principal Component Analyses (PCA), the bootstrap and others are also covered. Text mining especially through PCA is another topic of the course. While learning all the techniques, we keep in mind that our goal is to tackle real problems. Not only do we go through a large collection of interesting, challenging real-life data sets but we also learn how to use the free, powerful software 'R' in connection with each of the methods exposed in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV REAL EST INV, ANALYS", number:"null", id:"36454", path:"/courses/36454", description:"This course, is designed for majors in Real Estate, but is also open to finance-oriented students who wish a deeper analysis of real estate investment and investment analysis issues than that offered in REAL/FNCE 721. The class will contain a mixture of lectures, guest speakers and case discussions. Academic research is paired with recent industry analysis of key issues in order to marry sound theory and empirical results with current events and practices. Several classes will include lectures outlining what economics and finance tell us about a number of topics. Generally, these will be followed by guest lectures from industry professionals who will focus on a specific application of the principles introduced in the lectures. Format: Lecture, industry speakers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & COMPET ADVANTAGE: Strategy and Competitive Advantage", number:"null", id:"41739", path:"/courses/41739", description:"This course is concerned with strategy issues at the business unit level. Its focus is on the question of how firms can create and sustain a competitive advantage. A central part of the course deals with concepts that have been developed around the notions of complementarities and fit. Other topics covered in the course include the creation of competitive advantage through commitment, competitor analysis, different organizational responses to environmental changes, modularity, and increasing returns. An important feature of the course is a term-length project in which groups of students work on firm analyses that require the application of the course concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY POLISH I", number:"null", id:"42115", path:"/courses/42115", description:"This course is for students who want to acquire the linguistic skills necessary for communication in everyday situations and that would constitute a solid base for further study of the Polish language. In addition students will become acquainted with various aspects of Polish culture (including Polish films), history and contemporary affairs. Students will learn through classroom exercises based on a modern textbook, completion of individual and group assignments and work with various audio and video materials. The textbook Hurra - Po Polsku 1 is written in the spirit of the communicative approach, which makes it possible to communicate from the very beginning of the learning process. The special attention, however, will be paid on systematic development of all language skills: listening, reading, speaking and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38221", path:"/courses/38221", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TARKOVSKY'S PASSIONS", number:"null", id:"37869", path:"/courses/37869", description:"Andrei Tarkovsky is universally acknowledged to be the greatest Soviet filmmaker of the last half of the twentieth century. In Kurosawas assessment following Tarkovskys death in the late 1980s, he had no equal among film directors alive now. In Ingmar Bergmans words, Tarkovskys work was a miracle. His films are beautiful, intellectually challenging, and spiritually profound. They range from Ivans Childhood, an exploration of wartime experience through the eyes of a child; to Solaris, a philosophical essay in the form of a science-fiction thriller; to Andrei Rublev, an investigation of the power of art and spirituality. In this course, we will study Tarkovskys films and life, with attention both to his formal and artistic accomplishments, his thought and writings concerning art and film, and the cultural and political contexts of his work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"38380", path:"/courses/38380", description:"This course examines how the criminal justice system responds to crime in society. The course reviews the historical development of criminal justice agencies in the United States and Europe and the available scientific evidence on the effect these agencies have on controlling crime. The course places an emphasis on the functional creation of criminal justice agencies and the discretionary role decision makers in these agencies have in deciding how to enforce criminal laws and whom to punish. Evidence on how society measures crime and the role that each major criminal justice agency plays in controlling crime is examined from the perspective of crime victims, police, prosecutors, jurors, judges, prison officials, probation officers and parole board members. Using the model of social policy evaluation, the course asks students to consider how the results of criminal justice could be more effectively delivered to reduce the social and economic costs of crime.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC CIRCUITS & SYS I", number:"null", id:"39925", path:"/courses/39925", description:"This course gives an introduction of modern electric and electronic circuits and systems. Designing, building and experimenting with electrical and electronic circuits are challenging and fun. It starts with basic electric circuit analysis techniques of linear circuits. Today mathematical analysis is used to gain insight that supports design; and more detailed and accurate representations of circuit performance are obtained using computer simulation. It continues with 1st order and 2nd order circuits in both the time and frequency domains. It discusses the frequency behavior of circuits and the use of transfer functions. It continues with introduction of non-linear elements such as diodes and MOSFET (MOS) transistors. Applications include analog and digital circuits, such as single stage amplifiers and simple logic gates. A weekly lab accompanies the course where concepts discussed in class will be illustrated by hands-on projects; students will be exposed to state-of-the-art test equipment and software tools (LabView, Spice).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHNOGRAPHY AND MEDIA FOR SOCIAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"41195", path:"/courses/41195", description:"How do qualitative social scientists study urban communities? What kinds of powerful tales can be told about urban lifestyles and social issues in places like Philadelphia? This course will allow students to study various ethnographic treatments of urban communities in the United States, using films, articles, TV serials, and books as guides for the framing of their own independent research on the streets of Philadelphia. Students will also form production teams of two or three people, and these production teams will be responsible for (i) identifying and researching an important urban issue in contemporary an important urban issue in contemporary Philadelphia and (ii) turning that research into a 15-30 minute video documentary or pod cast. Mixing video/audio journalism with ethnographic methods will enhance their skills at archival and social research, from participant observation and interviewing techniques to sound editing and production. This course is intended to be a rigorous and exciting opportunity for students to tell empirically grounded stories using the voices of their participants and the sounds of the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV INTERMED ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"43722", path:"/courses/43722", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 035/635.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN AND RELIGION: Beyond the Virgin Martyr and the Repentant Harlot", number:"null", id:"40629", path:"/courses/40629", description:"This course will focus on the study of women in three of the major monotheistic world religious traditions - Judaism, Islam, and Christianity. By engaging in historical and comparative exercise, students will get familiar with various teachings of these traditions (on the issues of the relationship of the human and the divine, religious rituals, marriage and divorce, sexual morality, husband and wife, gender issues etc.) as they relate to and affect women. Students will analyze the influence of religion on women's lives and gender roles as well as the impact of women on religious teachings as the increasing number of women in the contemporary world is reinterpreting their religious traditions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ENLIGHTENMENT", number:"null", id:"41464", path:"/courses/41464", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see the department's webpage: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"35817", path:"/courses/35817", description:"French 110 is the first semester of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop funcional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SOUTH 1861-PRES", number:"null", id:"35923", path:"/courses/35923", description:"This course will trace the history of the American South from the end of the Civil War to the present. It will investigate Reconstruction, the New South, Populism, racial disfranchisement and the rise of Jim Crow, the politics of the One-Party South, the South in the Progressive era and its role in the New Deal and World War II, the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and the rise of the Republican South. While following the narrative of politics and economic development,we will pay particular attention to race relations and will be more than casually interested in gender roles. In addition, we will take frequent peeks at the evolving Southern identity as reflected in popular culture and literature as well as in other corners of the public sphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Violence, Tolerance, and Freedom", number:"null", id:"44881", path:"/courses/44881", description:"This seminar examines how the adjective 'religious' has been used to modify the nouns 'violence,' 'tolerance,' and 'freedom.' It traces the historical development of liberal ideas of tolerance and human rights, interrogates the common assumption that religion exerts a perverse influence on politics and vice versa, critically examines the concept of terrorism, and connects the neoliberal ideal of unfettered free markets to the idea of being 'spiritual but not religious.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR II", number:"null", id:"36486", path:"/courses/36486", description:"This is the second semester of a performance course in the North Indian sitar Students who have not taken the first semester but play any musical instrument are permitted to join. Principles of composition and improvisation will be explored in practice and supplemented by readings and listening. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING IN THE INFORMATION ECONOMY AND THE MEDIA SECTOR", number:"null", id:"38371", path:"/courses/38371", description:"This course covers a subject that is important for management success in the present and for an understanding of the emerging Information Economy. The course brings together many of the strands of an entire MBA program -finance, marketing, accounting, pricing economics, strategy, production, market research, technology and people management, and government relations. For each of these functions it looks at the differences in the management of digital activities to the more traditional approaches in industry and finance. It does so by focusing in depth on the sector furthest along in its digital transformation, that of media, information and communications, and projecting its lessons.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"40864", path:"/courses/40864", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NIETZSCHE'S MODERNITY", number:"null", id:"40076", path:"/courses/40076", description:"'God is dead.' This famous, all too famous death sentence, issued by the 19th-century German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche, also signaled the genesis of a radical challenge to traditional notions of morality, cultural life, and the structure of society as a whole. In this course we will examine both the 'modernity' of Nietzsche's thought and the ways in which his ideas have helped to define the very concept of Modernity (and, arguably, Postmodernity) itself. In exploring the origin and evolution of Nietzsche's key concepts, we will trace the ways in which his work has been variously revered or refuted, championed or co-opted, for more than a century. We will survey his broad influence on everything from philosophy and literature to music and art, theater and psychology, history and cultural theory, politics and popular culture. Further, we will ask how his ideas continue to challenge us today, though perhaps in unexpected ways. As we will see, Nietzsche wanted to teach us 'how to philosophize with a hammer.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"41093", path:"/courses/41093", description:"Structure, dynamics, and function of biological macromolecules. Properties of macromolecular assemblies, membranes and their compartments. (Formerly, CHEM 450-I).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDIES IN SPAN CULTURE", number:"null", id:"45315", path:"/courses/45315", description:"This course covers topics in contemporary Spanish Culture, its specific emphasis varying with the instructor. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"42769", path:"/courses/42769", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"41014", path:"/courses/41014", description:"The purpose of this course is to examine the financing of governments in the urban economy. Topics to be covered include the causes and consequences of the urban fiscal crisis, the design of optimal tax and spending policies for local governments, funding of public infrastructures and the workings of the municipal bond market, privatization of government services, and public financial systems for emerging economies. Applications include analyses of recent fiscal crises, local services and taxes as important determinants of real estate prices, the infrastructure crisis, financing and the provision of public education, and fiscal constitutions for new democracies using South Africa as an example.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FROM BEULAH TO AWKWARD BLACK GIRL: BLACK WOMEN ON AND IN TV IN THE US", number:"null", id:"39781", path:"/courses/39781", description:"The course explores Black women's involvement in the television industry as actors and content creators, beginning in the 1950s with Beulah and then transitions throughout the decades into the contemporary moment with Black women's presence in unscripted programs, dramas and web series. The course engages Black feminist debates about Black women's representation in media, and interrogates the cultural and political conditions, and industry discourses and practices that coincide with many of the shifts in Black women's visibility on and in television.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENGL: COMIC ART", number:"null", id:"36650", path:"/courses/36650", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of English, the study and analysis of literature. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BASIC PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"45233", path:"/courses/45233", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CANTONESE I", number:"null", id:"41104", path:"/courses/41104", description:"Beginning Cantonese is a preliminary course for spoken Cantonese. The course provides fundamental aspects of the dialect as experienced in daily life situations and will enable students to communicate in Cantonese for daily life needs, such as making phone calls, making purchases, getting around by various means of transportation, seeing a doctor, being a guest or a host at dinner, talking about the weather, talking about sports and entertainment, etc. The course will be completed in two semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICS POWER & WEALTH: Politics of Power and Wealth", number:"null", id:"37374", path:"/courses/37374", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PEOPLES HEALTH", number:"null", id:"44346", path:"/courses/44346", description:"While the scary threats of the moment in recent years, Ebola, MERS, swine flu, bioterrorism dominate media coverage of public health, most human suffering anddeath are driven by more mundane causes. This course critically addresses twenty-first-century public health science and policy by examining the long history (beginning with the plague epidemics of Renaissance Italy) that brought us to where we are today. Topics include responses to epidemics; socioeconomic, racial, and other disparities in health; occupational health; the rise of public health as a field of scientific inquiry; sanitary reform; the Bacteriological Revolution; the shift from disease causes to risk factors; and the social determinants of health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"35306", path:"/courses/35306", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOMECHANICS", number:"null", id:"40994", path:"/courses/40994", description:"This course investigates the application of statics and strength of materials to soft and hard biologic tissues. The course will cover simple force analyses of the musculoskeletal system and introduces the fundamentals of the mechanics of materials including axial loading, torsion and bending and their application to biomechanics. The lecture and recitation will be complemented with hands-on examples emphasizing connections between theoretical principles and practical applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TOPICS IN MICRO", number:"null", id:"43134", path:"/courses/43134", description:"The purpose of this quarter course is to continue to explore key concepts and research programs in the field of micro-organizational behavior that we began to study in MGMT 951. To do so, we will cover a blend of classic and contemporary literature so that we can appreciate the prevailing theories and findings in various areas of micro-organizational behavior. In addition, for each topic we will then try to go beyond the existing literature. We will work to increase our understanding by re-framing the research variables, altering the perspective, bringing in new theory, and comparing levels of analysis. Building on the topics we examined in MGMT 951, we will explore further organizational behavior topics including identity, fit, extra role behaviors, job design, creativity, status, power and influence.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"43000", path:"/courses/43000", description:"In Italian 202, students will strengthen their communication skills, while continuing to explore significant aspects of contemporary Italian culture and history. Students will take further steps towards being able to understand in depth and to contextualize authentic Italian documents. Films, songs, and a variety of readings, will be used as windows on particular historical periods, cultural movements, political issues, and social customs. They will serve as a tool to investigate the many facets of Italian identity and, at the same time, as a way to prepare those students who will continue their study of Italian literature and culture in higher-level courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRON. & ENERGY ECON", number:"null", id:"43784", path:"/courses/43784", description:"This course examines environmental and energy issues from an economist's perspective. Over the last several decades, energy markets have become some of the most dynamic markets of the world economy, as they experienced a shift from heavy regulation to market-driven incentives. First, we look at scarcity pricing and market power in electricity and gasoline markets. We then study oil and gas markets, with an emphasis on optimal extraction and pricing, and geopolitical risks that investors in hydrocarbon resources face. We then shift gears to the sources of environmental problems, and how policy makers can intervene to solve some of these problems. We talk about the economic rationale for a broad range of possible policies: environmental taxes, subsidies, performance standards and cap-and-trade. In doing so, we discuss fundamental concepts in environmental economics, such as externalities, valuation of the environment and the challenge of designing international agreements. At the end of the course, there will be special attention for the economics and finance of renewable energy and policies to foster its growth. Finally, we discuss the transportation sector, and analyze heavily debated policies such as fuel-economy standards and subsidies for green vehicles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN CHRONOBIOL & SLEEP", number:"null", id:"42416", path:"/courses/42416", description:"Topics to be covered include basic principles of chronobiology; neuroscience mechanisms of circadian rhythms and sleep; phylogeny and ontongeny of sleep; human sleep and sleep disorders; circadian dysfunction; circadian and sleep homeostatic influences in human health and safety.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Art & Ideology-Medieval & Early Modrn Iberia: Jews,Christians,Gypsies,Moors", number:"null", id:"39350", path:"/courses/39350", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RADIA PROTEC", number:"null", id:"37567", path:"/courses/37567", description:"This course, intended for Master of Medical Physics students in their first semester, will introduce participants to the fundamentals of health physics, external radiation protection and radiological safety. Topics to be covered include: applied nuclear and atomic physics, radioactive decay, radiation interactions and dosimetry, health physics intrumentation, radiation protection and safety guidelines.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN NEUROSCIENCE: BRAINS BEHIND RADIOLAB", number:"null", id:"43424", path:"/courses/43424", description:"Radiolab is a show about curiosity. Where sound illuminates ideas, and the boundaries blur between science, philosophy, and human experience. This seminar is a course about curiosity. In particular, this seminar will develop and nurture your curiosity about the mind and the brain, about human thought and behavior, and about the biology of the human experience. Every month, hours of radio programs and podcasts are aired- ranging from science-themed shows such as Radiolab and Invisibilia (and locally produced The Pulse) to more general interest shows like This American Life and TED Radio Hour-that highlight the scientific study of the human mind. Behind every podcast are dozens of laboratories, publications, and investigators (including students) who make the science behind the show. We will explore the 'Brains behind Radiolab' through a careful study of the primary sources that report the psychological and neuroscientific findings that thousands of listeners tune every week. You will practice the craft of conveying scientific findings to audiences with different levels of expertise and background in science; and you will learn about the important role that scientists play in enhancing public understanding of human behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN MEDIEVAL ART: MIGRATING MATERIALITY: IVORY AROUND THE MEDITERRANEAN", number:"null", id:"43749", path:"/courses/43749", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEER TUTOR TRAINING", number:"null", id:"43637", path:"/courses/43637", description:"This course is by nomination and invitation only. It is intended for capable writers who possess the maturity, temperament, and skills to work successfully as peer tutors at Penn. The course emphasizes the development of tutors' own writing through the process of collaborative peer-criticism, individual conferences, and intensive sessions on writing, from mechanics to style; it also focuses on writing pedagogy, research, and tutoring strategies. The class meets twice weekly; tutors also work two hours weekly in the Writing Center or elsewhere, and confer regularly in small groups or one-on-one meetings with the instructor. Tutors are required to write five short papers, eight one-page peer reviews, and two responses to readings. Additionally, students keep a journal and give two class presentations. CWIC-affiliated course. www.fission.sas.upenn.edu/writing/ccs/catalog.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SONGS OF DISSENT:  READING AFRICAN AMERICAN POETRY IN THE 21ST CENTURY", number:"null", id:"44099", path:"/courses/44099", description:"This course treats some important aspect of Afican-American literature and culture. Some recent versions of the course have focused on the emergence of African-American women writers, on the relation between African-American literature and cultural studies, and on the Harlem Renaissance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPLEX HEALTHCARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"44648", path:"/courses/44648", description:"This two-part course provides the didactic and clinical experiences in increasingly complex nursing care situations and environments which facilitate the students' transition to independent practice. In the lecture component, the focus is on the integration of knowledge and skill for nursing practice and develops the ability of students to see nursing practice as part of a complex system. It examines systems thinking and complexity, development of a leadership role and skills, inter-professional communication and teamwork, and leading change in healthcare organizations. This course also examines the nurse's role in improvement science and patient care delivery, focusing on quality improvement processes, patient safety, nurse sensitive process and outcome metrics with micro-systems. This course also allows students to develop the capacity for clinical expertise, leadership, and for translating the science of the profession into practice. Students also are assigned to a seminar component that is correlated with their selected site for the specialty clinical practicum. This aspect of the course allows the student to develop additional expertise in a specialty area of practice and to develop competences specific to that population of patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN DEATH PENALTY IN THEORY AND PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"36988", path:"/courses/36988", description:"Over the past forty years, in response to controversy over the American death penalty, the Supreme Court has created a framework of rules designed to make the death penalty conform to current societal standards. In this course, we will identify the critical issues identified by the courts (and the critics) in light of the practical realities of capital litigation, and we will ask whether the efforts to address these issues have been successful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO JAPANESE CIVIL", number:"null", id:"35574", path:"/courses/35574", description:"Survey of the civilization of Japan from prehistoric times to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"35994", path:"/courses/35994", description:"A continuation of Japanese language at the intermediate level Text books: Integrated Approach to the Intermediate Japanese (L.9 - L.15) and Basic Kanji Book I (L.31 - L.37) Kanji: reproduction-approx.370/recognitio-approx.450", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"38336", path:"/courses/38336", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Python and Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"36931", path:"/courses/36931", description:"This course covers core subject matter common to the fields of robotics, character animation and embodied intelligent agents. The intent of the course is to provide the student with a solid technical foundation for developing, animating and controlling articulated systems used in interactive computer game virtual reality simulations and high-end animation applications. The course balances theory with practice by 'looking under the hood' of current animation systems and authoring tools and exams the technologies and techniques used from both a computer science and engineering perspective. Topics covered include: geometric coordinate systems and transformations; quaternions; parametric curves and surfaces; forward and inverse kinematics; dynamic systems and control; computer simulation; keyframe, motion capture and procedural animation; behavior-based animation and control; facial animation; smart characters and intelligent agents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLDS OF INDIAN OCEAN", number:"null", id:"40668", path:"/courses/40668", description:"Do oceans serve to divide and demarcate distict cultures and regions? Or do they facilitate exchange, connection and cosmopolitanism? This course willexplore the manner in which the Indian Ocean has played both roles throughout history, and how the nature of those divisions and connections has changed over time from the ancient to the modern world. We will reconstruct the intertwined mercantile, religious and kinship networks that spanned the Indian Ocean world, across the Middle East, East Africa, South Asia, Southeast Asia and China, illuminating the histories of Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam, while also considering the role of successive imperial political formations, from Rome to Britain. Throughout the semester we will seek to understand the Indian Ocean through the people who lived and worked in its milieu - from consuls and militaty commanders, to traders, brokers, sailers, prisoners and slaves. Course materials will draw on a variety of discuplines (anthroplogy, archaeology, material culture, religious studies) to construct the cultural, economic, and environmental history of the Indian Ocean.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA & ANLZ FOR MKTG DEC", number:"null", id:"41766", path:"/courses/41766", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KELLY WRITERS HOUSE FELLOWS SEMINAR: P. AUSTER, B. MAYER, C. M. BLOW", number:"null", id:"44085", path:"/courses/44085", description:"This course explores an aspect of contemporary American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year but have included 'The Literary History of The Cold War, 1947-1957' and the 'Kelly House Fellows Seminar.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Devil's Advocate: The Power of Divergent Thinking", number:"null", id:"45135", path:"/courses/45135", description:"Short-term or long-term? Us or them? Build or buy? Margin or volume? My way or the highway! Ad infinitum, apparent forced choices--or no choice--and limited perspectives can create costly tugs of war or constricted judgment without our minds (and hearts) and in organization dynamics, persuasive, and often hidden, divergence in thinking offers great opportunity for learning, creativity, and sound decision-making. This course offers several robust, practical techniques for bringing the value of diverse perspectives in politically productive ways to leadership thinking, communications, and organization dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"38806", path:"/courses/38806", description:"A continuation of Japanese language at the intermediate level Text books: Integrated Approach to the Intermediate Japanese (L.9 - L.15) and Basic Kanji Book I (L.31 - L.37) Kanji: reproduction-approx.370/recognitio-approx.450", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD MIDEAST LIT IN TRANS", number:"null", id:"39015", path:"/courses/39015", description:"The Middle East boasts a rich tapestry of cultures that have developed a vibrant body of modern literature that is often overlooked in media coverage of the region. While each of the modern literary traditions that will be surveyed in this introductory course-Arabic, Hebrew, Persian and Turkish-will be analyzed with an appreciation of the cultural context unique to each body of literature, this course will also attempt to bridge these diverse traditions by analyzing common themes-such as modernity, social values, the individual and national identity-as reflected in the genres of poetry, the novel and the short story. This course is in seminar format to encourage lively discussion and is team-taught by four professors whose expertise in modern Middle Eastern literature serves to create a deeper understanding and aesthetic appreciation of each literary tradition. In addition to honing students' literary analysis skills, the course will enable students to become more adept at discussing the social and political forces that are reflected in Middle Eastern literature, explore important themes and actively engage in reading new Middle Eastern works on their own in translation. All readings are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF HOUSING & URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"38006", path:"/courses/38006", description:"This course offers an exploration of how legislative action, government policymaking, and citizen advocacy influence plans for the investment of public capital in distressed urban neighborhoods. Course topics this semester will include an evaluation of the results of City of Philadelphia development policies under the administration of Mayor Michael A. Nutter, an assessment of a large-scale property acquisition and development strategy being implemented by the Philadelphia Housing Authority in North Philadelphia, and a review of recent and current reinvestment plans for Camden's waterfront and downtown-area neighborhoods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POVERTY AND INEQUALITY", number:"null", id:"42123", path:"/courses/42123", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOVIET & POST-SOV ECON", number:"null", id:"37864", path:"/courses/37864", description:"The course will cover the development and operation of the Soviet centrally planned economy--one of the grandest social experiments of the 20th century. We will review the mechanisms of plan creation, the push for the collectivization and further development of Soviet agriculture, the role of the Soviet educational system and the performance of labor markets (including forced labor camps--GULags). We will discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the Soviet system and the causes of its collapse. Privatization, called by some 'piratization,' will be one of the central issues in our consideration of the transition from central planning to a market economy in the early 1990s. Even though our main focus will be on the Soviet economy and post-Soviet transition, we will occasionally look back in time to the tsarist era and even further back to find evidence to help explain Soviet/Russian economic development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUNICIPAL BONDS", number:"null", id:"40041", path:"/courses/40041", description:"The course provides a comprehensive overview of the $3.7 trillion municipal bond market, with a focus on public finance investment banking; capital project financing for state and local governments including water, sewer, mass transit and road projects, and non-profit financing for educational and healthcare institutions; the legal and regulatory framework governing the municipal bonds market; rating agency analysis; quantitative modeling; and investor perspectives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEER & WINE MIDDLE EAST: Beer and Wine Consumption in the Middle East", number:"null", id:"43193", path:"/courses/43193", description:"Intoxicated Identities: Beer, Wine, and Liquor Consumption in the Middle East 600- 2000 If nationalist and religious ideologues of the region are to be believed then the very basis for this class, alcohol consumption in the Middle East, should not exist. However, it takes only a cursory glance at any time period to find residents of the area commonly referred to as the Middle East drinking alcohol. This course aims to show not only that people in the Middle East drank, that is irrefutable, but that alcohol can serve as a key access point for information on the attitudes and experiences of those who lived there in the period between 600 and 2000.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISASTER ANC MED WORLD", number:"null", id:"36702", path:"/courses/36702", description:"Natural disasters occupy a powerful place in our imagination. Stories of floodsplagues, earthquakes and storms excite and horrify us, and communities mobilizetheir resources quickly in response to these events. In the ancient Mediterranean world, natural disasters could take on potent meaning, indicating the anger or disfavor of the gods, acting as warnings against certain courses of action, or confirmations of individuals' fears or suspicions about the world in which they lived. In this course, we explore the evidence for some disasters in the ancient Mediterranean world, the ways in which contemporaries reacted to those disasters and interpreted their causes. This project is, of necessity, multidisciplinary, involving textual, archaeological, geological, and comparative materials and drawing on methodologies from history, political and archaeological science, and the emerging field of disaster studies. In the process, we will gain an appreciation of the socialstructures of communities in the period, the thought-world in which they operated, and the challenges and opportunities thatattend a project of this sort. No prior knowledge of Ancient History is required, although it would be useful to have taken an introductory survey course. Texts will be discussed in translation", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Madness and Madmen in Russian Culture", number:"null", id:"36473", path:"/courses/36473", description:"This course will explore the theme of madness in Russian literature and arts from the medieval period through the October Revolution of 1917. The discussion will include formative masterpieces by Russian writers (Pushkin, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, and Bulgakov), painters (Repin, Vrubel, Filonov), composers (Mussorgsky, Tchaikovsky, and Stravinsky), and film-directors (Protazanov, Eisenstein), as well as non-fictional documents such as Russian medical, judicial, political, and philosophical treatises and essays on madness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"45021", path:"/courses/45021", description:"Amidst perceptions that public sector and philanthropic support for local communities is increasingly scarce, many community development practitioners are turning to social enterprise as a means to improve social and economic conditions in their neighborhoods. This course will do a deep dive into the segment of social enterprises addressing workforce development and job creation challenges, especially as they relate to returning citizens and other vulnerable adults, including several planned field visits. Building on their understanding of these fields, students will then divide into groups for a hands-on course project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TELUGU I", number:"null", id:"42194", path:"/courses/42194", description:"This course is designed to expand the students' basic language skills in Telugu in order to allow them to function adequately in a Telugu-speaking environment, to immerse themselves in the rich Andhra culture, and to accomplish a more advanced competency in an interesting foreign language. This course is also aimed at students planning to conduct scholarly research in Telugu history, literature or society, or humanities or social science fieldwork in Telugu speaking areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"44374", path:"/courses/44374", description:"The course is conducted entirely in Italian and should be taken after completion of Italian 201 or equivalent. It is designed to enable students to acquire language proficiency in the current Italian business and labor world. Business terminology will be used in specific business situations such as banking, trade, communications, etc. The course will examine Italian business practices, cultural differences such as the attitude towards money, work, leisure and consumerism through websites, newspaper and magazine articles and video clips. Students will learn to read business publications, write and compose business texts, and participate in business-related conversations. Additionally, guest lecturers from the local business world with ties to Italy will provide students with information about internship and job opportunities and the knowledge necessary to navigate international and Italian commercial routes. All reading and lectures in Italian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATS, DATA MINING, MACH", number:"null", id:"44781", path:"/courses/44781", description:"This is a practical course on computing, numerical methods, statistics, and data analysis techniques with particular emphasis on data mining and machine learning applied to large datasets. Topics include basic numerical methods and algorithms, probability theory, classical and Bayesian statistical inference, model fitting, Monte Carlo methods, and classification. We will be using Python for the exercises. Prior experience in programming (in any language) is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN ARCH:1900-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"35322", path:"/courses/35322", description:"The architecture of Europe and America from the late nineteenth century until the present is the central subject of this course, but some time is also devoted to Latin American and Asian architecture and to the important issues of modern city planning. Topics discussed include the Arts and Crafts movement, Art Nouveau, Expressionism, Art Deco, the International Style, and Post-modernism. The debate over the role of technology in modern life and art, the search for a universal language of architectural communication, and the insistent demand that architecture serve human society are themes that are traced throughout the course. Among the important figures to be considered are Frank Lloyd Wright, Walter Gropius, Le Corbusier, Louis Kahn, Robert Venturi, and Denise Scott Brown. The course includes weekly discussion sessions and several excursions to view architecture in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY AND PERFORMANCE:  CHAUCER'S CANTERBURY TALES", number:"null", id:"37076", path:"/courses/37076", description:"This course explores an aspect of Chaucer's writings intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN ORIGINS", number:"null", id:"40119", path:"/courses/40119", description:"The United States was not inevitable. With that assumption as its starting point, this course surveys North American history from about 1500 to about 1850, with the continent's many peoples and cultures in view. The unpredictable emergence of the U.S. as a nation is a focus, but always in the context of wider developments: global struggles among European empires; conflicts between indigenous peoples and settler-colonists; exploitation of enslaved African labor; evolution of distinctive colonial societies; and, finally, independence movements inspired by a transatlantic revolutionary age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"37676", path:"/courses/37676", description:"This is a laboratory/clinical course designed to help prospective nurse practitioners develop advanced clinical assessment skills. Provider-patient interaction, data collection, and hypothesis formulation are emphasized. All participants engage in actual practice with fellow students, and/or models, and consenting patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCEANOGRAPHY:  Oceans & Climate", number:"null", id:"42869", path:"/courses/42869", description:"The oceans cover over 2/3 of the Earth's surface. This course introduces basic oceanographic concepts such as plate tectonics, marine sediments, physical and chemical properties of seawater, ocean circulation, air-sea interactions, waves, tides, nutrient cycles in the ocean, biology of the oceans, and environmental issues related to the marine environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM PHYS OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"44564", path:"/courses/44564", description:"This course develops the background in basic physics required to understand the behavior of electrons in atoms, molecules and solids. Beginning with experiments and ideas that led to the foundation and postulates of Quantum Mechanics, the behavior of an electron in simple potential wells is treated. The electron in a harmonic oscillator well and the Coulomb potential of a hydrogen atom are treated next. Pauli's exclusion principle and generalization to multi-particle systems are introduced. The Fermi energy, density of states and free electron band structure will be introduced. Many state-of-the-art materials analysis techniques will also be demonstrated throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"44955", path:"/courses/44955", description:"By helping students develop skills to carefully read and analyze Spanish literary works, Spanish 223 prepares them for upper-level courses and study abroad. After reviewing the main elements and conventions of the most popular genres (narrative, poetry, theater and essay), students become familiarized with current theoretical approaches to the study of literature with the purpose of applying them to their own analytical writing. The last weeks of the semester are devoted to the reading of a well-crafted detective novel and the examination of both its formal features and its ideological underpinnings. Throughout the course, students will have ample opportunities to hone their skills through the close reading and class discussion of varied and stimulating literary works produced by canonical and non-canonical Hispanic authors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART & ARCHITR ANC EGYPT", number:"null", id:"37607", path:"/courses/37607", description:"This course will be an introduction to the art, architecture and minor arts that were produced during the three thousand years of ancient Egyptian history. This material will be presented in its cultural and historical contexts through illustrated lectures and will include visits to the collection of the University Museum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"41935", path:"/courses/41935", description:"Several forces, ranging from technology that has dramatically reduced the cost of communication, to political developments such as the opening up of China, Vietnam, and Eastern Europe, have created an avalanche of outsourcing and offshoring and lead to supply chains that stretch halfway around the world. This course will study the many questions that arise in the management of such global supply chains, including: Which design and production activities to do in-house and which to outsource? Where to locate various activities around the world? How to forecast the many factors that influence these decisions, including inflation in cost factors such as labor and freight, and the likelihood of future government regulation or political instability? How to keep the supply chain flexible so as to adapt to change? How to manage a geographically disbursed supply chain, including what relationships to have with vendors to ensure low cost, high quality, flexibility, safety, humane labor practices and respect for sustainability of the environment? The course is highly interactive, using case discussions in most classes and senior supply chain executives in many sessions. Grades are based one-third each on class participation, indivudla write-ups of the discussion questions for 3 of the class sessions, and a course paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVIANCE & SOC CONTROL", number:"null", id:"36505", path:"/courses/36505", description:"A sociological analysis of the origins, development, and reactions surrounding deviance in contemporary society. Topics include labeling theory, stigma, social organization, tradition, social power, crime, sexual deviance, drug use, and racism. Theoretical and methodological issues will be discussed and evaluated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS FOR ARCHITECTS II", number:"null", id:"39171", path:"/courses/39171", description:"A continuation of PHYS 008 introducing waves, sound, light, fluids, heat, electricity, magnetism, and circuits, with emphasis on topics most relevant to students in architecture. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 092 or 094 who complete PHYS008 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMPUTER SYST", number:"null", id:"36955", path:"/courses/36955", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of computer systems and computer architecture. You will learn the C programming language and an instruction set (machine language) as a basis for understanding how computers represent data, process information, and execute programs. The course also focuses on the Unix environment and includes a weekly hands-on lab session.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR II", number:"null", id:"39297", path:"/courses/39297", description:"This is the second semester of a performance course in the North Indian sitar Students who have not taken the first semester but play any musical instrument are permitted to join. Principles of composition and improvisation will be explored in practice and supplemented by readings and listening. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSS LIT TO 1870S", number:"null", id:"37861", path:"/courses/37861", description:"Major Russian writers in English translation: Pushkin, Gogol, Turgenev, early Tolstoy, and early Dostoevsky.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART NOW", number:"null", id:"42362", path:"/courses/42362", description:"One of the most striking features of today's art world is the conspicuous place occupied in it by the photographic image. Large-scale color photographs and time-based installations in projections are everywhere. Looking back, we can see that much of the art making of the past 60 years has also been defined by this medium, regardless of the form it takes. Photographic images have inspired countless paintings, appeared in combines and installations, morphed into sculptures, drawings and performances, and served both as the object and the vehicle of institutional critique. They are also an increasinglyimportant exhibition site: where most of us go to see earthworks, happenings and body-art. This course is a three-part exploration of our photographic present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TURBULENCE", number:"null", id:"44492", path:"/courses/44492", description:"This course is an introductory course on turbulent flows. The course provides physical and mathematical framework for quantitative and qualitative descriptions of fundamental processes involved in turbulent flows. Topics include the Navier-Stokes equations, the statistical description of turbulence, equations for mean and fluctuations, energy cascade, turbulence spectra, Kolmogorov hypotheses, behavior of shear flows, and isotropic turbulence. The course will also explore modern topics such as computational modeling of turbulence.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"35567", path:"/courses/35567", description:"This course explores constitutional criminal procedure or the law of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments to the United States Constitution. Topics included the laws and rules associated with search and seizure, arrest, interrogation, the exclusionary rule, and deprivation of counsel. Social science evidence that supports or raises questions about legal doctrine will be examined. No prerequisites are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL ENGINEERING LAB", number:"null", id:"41067", path:"/courses/41067", description:"Experimental studies in heat and mass transfer, separations and chemical reactors to verify theoretical concepts and learn laboratory techniques. Methods for analyzing and presenting data. Report preparation and the presentation of an oral technical report.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLICYMAKING IN THE US", number:"null", id:"36386", path:"/courses/36386", description:"This course is an opportunity for students to combine the major theoretical perspectives on the policy process with practical application to current policy issues. Students will gain the theoretical tools to explain policy change, a comprehensive understanding of the actors that influence policymaking and politics, an overview of the major policy issues being debated, and experience writing policy documents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE TECHNOLGY & WAR", number:"null", id:"40745", path:"/courses/40745", description:"In this survey we explore the relationships between technical knowledge and war in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. We attend particularly to the centrality of bodily injury in the history of war. Topics include changing interpretations of the machine gun as inhumane or acceptable; the cult of the battleship; banned weaponry; submarines and masculinity; industrialized war and total war; trench warfare andmental breakdown; the atomic bomb and Cold War; chemical warfarein Viet nam; and 'television war' in the 1990s.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROLE OF THE CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST", number:"null", id:"41903", path:"/courses/41903", description:"This clinical course provides students the opportunity to apply CNS theory to practice and enables students to develop strategies to overcome barriers to safe, quality healthcare delivery. Students acquire knowledge and skills characteristic of CNS practice particularly as it relates to clinical judgment, facilitation of learning, advocacy and moral agency, caring practice and response to diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH METHODS IN SOCIAL ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42332", path:"/courses/42332", description:"This undergraduate seminar is about how ethnographers do research. It introduces fundamental concepts and techniques - research design, participant observation, interviews, questionnaires, field notes, archives, data collection and analysis. It also addresses ethical and legal issues- cultural protocols, intellectual property rights, collaborative anthropology, and institutional review boards. Students will conduct original ethnographic research in partnership with the Netter Center.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOGEOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"41485", path:"/courses/41485", description:"Humans have an enormous impact on the global movement of chemical materials. Biogeochemistry has grown to be the principal scientific discipline to examine the flow of elements through the global earth systems and to examine human impacts on the global environment. This course will introduce and investigate processes and factor controlling the biogeochemical cycles of elements with and between the hydrosphere, lithosphere, atmosphere and biosphere. Students will apply principles learned in lectures by building simple computer-based biogeochemical models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CU IN INDIA: LIVING TRADITIONS OF INDIAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"40669", path:"/courses/40669", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India or South East Asia where students participate in 1) 28 classrom hours in the Fall term 2) a 12-day trip to India or South East Asia with the instructor during the winter break visiting key sites and conducting original research (sites vary) 3) 21 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) a research paper, due at the end of the Spring term. Course enrollment is limited to students admitted to the program. For more information and the program application go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HELLENISTIC ART & SPECT", number:"null", id:"42370", path:"/courses/42370", description:"Hellenistic usually names art in the age of Mediterranean culture from the 4th century BCE and the rise of Alexander the Great's Macedon, and the Greco-Macedonian conquest of the Persian Empire, to Cleopatra of Egypt's defeat by Rome at the end of the Republic. Our course looks also at the age of Augustus and his successors, 1st century CE. While Greek and Macedonian practice in city-states and kingdoms is our launching point, this course also looks at international culture and cultural interaction among peoples from North Africa and Etrusco-Roman Italy, Egypt, Anatolia, the Mideast and Central Asia. We probe art, artifacts, and visual display from a range of settings, from sanctuary to house, palace and parade, and in all media, from marble monuments to pottery and jewelry. Our archaeology of Hellenistic visual culture also looks at the rich body of Hellenistic and Roman texts of art history, art criticism, and the description of objects and image, to better understand the Hellenistic maker, patron, and viewer. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO POSITIVE PSYCH", number:"null", id:"37826", path:"/courses/37826", description:"An introduction to the study of positive emotions, positive character traits, and positive institutions. The positive emotions consist of emotions about the past (e.g., serenity, satisfaction, pride), about the future (e.g., hope, optimism, faith), and emotions about the present (pleasure and gratification). The distinction among the pleasant life, the good life, and the meaningful life is drawn. The positive traits include wisdom, courage, humanity, justice, temperance, and spirituality, and the classification of these virtues is explored. The positive institutions are exemplified by extended families, free press, humane leadership, and representative government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE: Fefu and her friends by Maria Irene Fornes", number:"null", id:"37989", path:"/courses/37989", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRAIN-COMPUTER INTERFACE", number:"null", id:"42397", path:"/courses/42397", description:"The course is geared to advanced undergraduate and graduate students interested in understanding the basics of implantable neuro-devices, their design, practical implementation, approval, and use. Reading will cover the basics of neuro signals, recording, analysis, classification, modulation, and fundamental principles of Brain-Machine Interfaces. The course will be based upon twice weekly lectures and 'hands-on' weekly assignments that teach basic signal recording, feature extraction, classification and practical implementation in clinical systems. Assignments will build incrementally toward constructing a complete, functional BMI system. Fundamental concepts in neurosignals, hardware and software will be reinforced by practical examples and in-depth study. Guest lecturers and demonstrations will supplement regular lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES SEM HEALTH & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42975", path:"/courses/42975", description:"This course is designed to provide HSOC students with the tools necessary to undertake original research, guiding them through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or, if there is room inthe course, a completed research paper by the end of term. Students work individually, in small groups and under the close supervision of a faculty member to establish feasible research topics, develop effective research and writing strategies, analyze primary and secondary sources, and provide critiques of classmates'drafts. Students must apply for this couse by December 1.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"43160", path:"/courses/43160", description:"The state of matter is dependent upon temperature, thermal history, and other variables. In this course the science of structural transitions is treated, with the purpose in mind of utilizing them for producing materials with superior properties. The subjects covered include the methods of structural analysis, solidification, solid state transformation, and order-disorder transition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED ECONOMICS SEM", number:"null", id:"36804", path:"/courses/36804", description:"The goal of this course is to help doctoral students develop critical thinking skills through both seminar participation and writing of referee reports. To this end students will attend the Wharton Applied Economics each Wednesday at noon seminar when it meets; prepare two written referee reports on WAE papers per semester, due before the seminar is presented; after attending the seminar - and the ensuing discussion of the paper - students will prepare follow-up evaluations of their referee report reports, due one week after the seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"38958", path:"/courses/38958", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to construct, estimate, and interpret powerful models of consumer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these models for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales, forecasting, analyses of media usage, and targeted marketing programs. Other disciplines have seen equally broad utilization of these techniques. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSNATL ISSUES GLOBAL", number:"null", id:"41596", path:"/courses/41596", description:"This course is designed to provide students with an introduction to transnational issues and world politics and to acquaint them with some of the leading issues, theories, concepts and processes, and history that shape and define world events. It is suitable for students embarking on long-term study of international affairs as well as for students with other majors and intellectual interest who simply want to know more about how the world works and how the material covered in this class affects their lives. It is expected that students taking the course will gain an ability to analyze, understand objectively evaluate and appreciate the complex dynamics that affect 'global politics' writ large, including issues relating to trade, diplomacy, people-to-people and business transactions, and shifts in demography, borders, international institutions and global governance. In additional to issues of diplomacy, statecraft, and security we will assess some of the major international issues of our time (i.e. climate change, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, genocide and human trafficking) and debate the prospects for bringing peace and prosperity to a world that is rife with conflict and poverty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR NEUROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39623", path:"/courses/39623", description:"Cellular physiology of neurons and excitable cells, molecular neurobiology and development. Topics include: action potential generation, synaptic transmission, molecular and physiological studies of ion channels, second messengers, simple neural circuits, synaptic plasticity, learning and memory, and neural development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARX", number:"null", id:"44269", path:"/courses/44269", description:"'A spectre is haunting Europe--the spectre of Communism': This, the famous opening line of The Communist Manifesto, will guide this course's exploration of the history, legacy, and potential future of Karl Marx's most important texts and ideas, even long after Communism has been pronounced dead. Contextualizing Marx within a tradition of radical thought regarding politics, religion, and sexuality, we will focus on the philosophical, political, and cultural origins and implications of his ideas. Our work will center on the question of how his writings seek to counter or exploit various tendencies of the time; how they align with the work of Nietzsche, Freud, and other radical thinkers to follow; and how they might continue to haunt us today. We will begin by discussing key works by Marx himself, examining ways in which he is both influenced by and appeals to many of the same fantasies, desires, and anxieties encoded in the literature, arts and intellectual currents of the time. In examining his legacy, we will focus on elaborations or challenges to his ideas, particularly within cultural criticism, postwar protest movements, and the cultural politics of the Cold War. In conclusion, we will turn to the question of Marxism or Post-Marxism today, asking what promise Marx's ideas might still hold in a world vastly different from his own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LOGIC & COMPUTABTY", number:"null", id:"38896", path:"/courses/38896", description:"Continuation of Math 570.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SPOKEN JAPAN II", number:"null", id:"38802", path:"/courses/38802", description:"Although some reading/writing instruction is given, the major emphasis is on oral communication skill.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUST DEV/WATER RES SYS", number:"null", id:"43846", path:"/courses/43846", description:"The evaluation of technical, social and economic constraints on the design of water supply and sanitation projects. The focus on sustainable design emphasizes how technical solutions fit within the appropriate social context. Case studies are used to demonstrate these principles across a range of examples from developed and developing countries including detailed studies from rural communities with limited resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"38551", path:"/courses/38551", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROGRAMMING & PROB SOLV", number:"null", id:"43924", path:"/courses/43924", description:"This course develops students problem solving skills using techniques that they have learned during their CS training. Over the course of the semester, students work on group projects in which they use programming techniques to solve open-ended problems, e.g. optimization, simulation, etc. There are no 'correct' answers to these problems; rather, the focus is on the four steps of the problem solving process: algorithmic thinking; programming; analysis; and communication.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"38923", path:"/courses/38923", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfill the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class. Requests for this course should be submitted to: MGMT-Courseinfo@wharton.upenn.edu.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"37379", path:"/courses/37379", description:"A first semester elementary language course for students who have never studied Italian or who have had very little exposure to the language. Students who have previously studied Italian are required to take the placement test. Class work emphasizes the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFLUENCE", number:"null", id:"39136", path:"/courses/39136", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"44458", path:"/courses/44458", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"36027", path:"/courses/36027", description:"Negotiation is the art and science of creating good agreements. In this course we will work on both, studying economics and psychology for the science, and practicing actual negotiations for the art. Throughout we think of negotiation in general terms, relevant not only to salary negotiations and home buying, but performance evaluations, speeches, group collaborations and interpersonal relationships. We practice these kinds of negotiations in 2-, 3-, 4-, and 6-person exercises. Potential reasons to skip this particular negotiation course: 1) We have a strong attendance policy, 2) We have strong no-computers/phones policies, 3) the course is very discussion oriented, 4) We survey your work colleagues about your influence tactics, and 5) you have a short assignment due almost every class. Beginning with the second week of class, if you miss one class you lose a letter grade. If you miss two classes you fail. We have this policy because it is an experiential class, and because your attendance directly affects classmates you are paired with. For some weeks you can attend another section if necessary. Cross-listed with MGMT691 and LGST806.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMANISM AND IDENTITY POLITICS IN THE REALM OF HIP-HOP", number:"null", id:"40083", path:"/courses/40083", description:"This course centers on the intersections of womanism, woman of color identity development, and agency within hip-hop culture. We will touch on several topics that uncover the condition of minoritized women in hip-hop media, including creating/owning space, lyrical assault, defining womanhood, sexuality, and fetishes. In exploring music, literature, advertisements, film, and television, we will discuss the ways women of color construct understandings of self, while navigating and reimagining reality within hip-hop contexts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND OF LIN ALG&OPT", number:"null", id:"39733", path:"/courses/39733", description:"This course provides firm foundations in linear algebra and basic optimization techniques. Emphasis is placed on teaching methods and tools that are widely used in various areas of computer science. Both theoretical and algorithmic aspects will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CHILD IN THE CITY", number:"null", id:"37973", path:"/courses/37973", description:"This course examines the problem of the child in urban space in 19th and 20th century European and American discourses. This course does not propose to recover the subjective experience of the child but, rather, views the child as an object around which numerous adult anxieties connected to industrialization, urbanization, and modernity itself cohered. Discourses on public health, environmental pollution, sexuality, criminality, and racial degeneration all focused their attention, anxieties, and energies on how to deal with the unique vulnerability of the child in modern urban space. This interdisciplinary course focuses specifically on atmospheres, environments, and architectures in urban settings as diverse as Chicago, New York, Paris, and London. We will examine how the built environment was envisioned as part of a set of critical technologies for resolving the threat that urban space posed to the child. We will explore objects and envir as diverse as tenement babycages, war-time floating hospitals, open-air schools, adventu playgrounds in post-WWII London, car-less communities in Radburn, NJ, and American chil books about urban blight and renewal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF AMERICAN HISTORY- THE NATIONAL PERIOD", number:"null", id:"40926", path:"/courses/40926", description:"An examination of American history through its archaeological record during the 19th and 20th centuries. Topics covered will include: the rise of a new nation, its early expansion, the War of 1812, the Civil War and the fall of American slavery, and the conquest of the Far West. Coverage of the 20th century will include: the rise of industrial society, class conflict, minorities, World War 1 and World War II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC", number:"null", id:"36054", path:"/courses/36054", description:"Functions of several variables, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential equations; introduction to linear algebra and matrices with applications to linear programming and Markov processes. Elements of probability and statistics. Applications to social and biological sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLAYWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"36584", path:"/courses/36584", description:"This course is designed as a hands-on workshop in the art and craft of dramatic writing. It involves the study of existing plays, the systematic exploration of such elements as storymaking, plot, structure, theme, character, dialogue, setting, etc.; and most importantly, the development of students' own plays through a series of written assignments and in-class exercises. Since a great deal of this work takes place in class -- through lectures, discussions, spontaneous writing exercises, and the reading of student work -- weekly attendance and active participation is crucial.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORT SCIENCE,MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"40748", path:"/courses/40748", description:"Why did Lance Armstrong get caught? Why do Kenyans win marathons? Does Gatorade really work? In this course, we won't answer these questions ourselves but will rely upon the methods of history, sociology, and anthropology to explore the world of the sport scientists who do. Sport scientists produce knowledge about how human bodies work and the intricacies of human performance. They bring elite (world-class) athletes to their laboratories-or their labs to the athletes. Through readings, discussions, and original research, we will find out how these scientists determine the boundary between 'natural' and 'performance-enhanced,' work to conquer the problem of fatigue, and establish the limits and potential of human beings. Course themes include: technology in science and sport, the lab vs. the field, genetics and race, the politics of the body, and doping. Course goals include: 1) reading scientific and medical texts critically, and assessing their social, cultural, and political origins and ramifications; 2) pursuing an in-depth", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF AMER LAW TO 1877", number:"null", id:"37324", path:"/courses/37324", description:"The course surveys the development of law in the U.S. to 1877, including such subjects as: the evolution of the legal profession, the transformation of English law during the American Revolution, the making and implementation of the Constitution, and issues concerning business and economic development, the law of slavery, the status of women, and civil rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSIBILITY IN BUS.", number:"null", id:"44422", path:"/courses/44422", description:"This course introduces students to important ethical and legal challenges they will face as leaders in business. The course materials will be useful to students preparing for managerial positions that are likely to place them in advisory and/or agency roles owing duties to employers, clients, suppliers, and customers. Although coverage will vary depending on instructor, the focus of the course will be on developing skills in ethical and legal analyses that can assist managers as they make both individual-level and firm-level decisions about the responsible courses of action when duties, loyalties, rules, norms, and interests are in conflict. For example, the rules of insider trading may form the basis for lessons in some sections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER SYS PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"43931", path:"/courses/43931", description:"This course builds on your knowledge of C and focuses on systems programming for Linux, specifically the libraries that programmers use for threading and concurrency, synchronization, inter-process communication, and networking. The course also introduces the C++ programming language, and covers important concepts in modern operating systems, including processes, scheduling, caching, and virtual memory. After completing this course, you will have the requisite knowledge and experience for systems-focused CIS graduate-level electives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BIBLE IN MOVIES", number:"null", id:"43202", path:"/courses/43202", description:"In this course we will explore how the Bible comes to life on the silver screen. For millennia scripture has been subject to various forms of interpretation all aimed at extracting meaning from this essentially multi-vocal text. Transferring an ancient text like the Bible to a contemporary medium like film requires a similar process of interpretation as modern audiences expect to be presented with a meaningful movie that contains a coherent plot. In order to illustrate the selective process by which biblical narratives are turned into Hollywood epics, we will avail ourselves of biblical criticism and film theory. A close reading of biblical texts in conjunction with the movies they inspired will help us appreciate the rich nature of storytelling in the Bible. Furthermore, it will allow us to explore the different ways in which the message of the Bible has been made relevant in a largely secular society. In this course we will watch David and Bathsheba, The Ten Commandments, Samson and Delilah, Ruth, The Prince of Egypt, Exodus, Noah and many others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: MODELING: MODELING SOCIAL PHENOMENA", number:"null", id:"42001", path:"/courses/42001", description:"Modeling provides a way to identify and analyze the salient features of complex problems or dynamic social situations. Using models can further provide a way to see what strategies may be rational over time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICS FOR SERVICE OP", number:"null", id:"41924", path:"/courses/41924", description:"This course considers tools and concepts that can generate operational excellence for the production and delivery of services in industires such as banking, transportation, health care, and communications. Since services typically are intangible, not storable or transportable, and often highly variable, the management of their operations is complex and involves distributed operations with a significant amount of customer contact. Therefore, the understanding and effective management of service operations requires specialized analytical tools and customer-centric focus. This course covers a mix of topics with the emphasis on quantitative methods, application of analytics and strategic frameworks. The class will introduce simple models and basic concepts that support analysis of tradeoffs in a variety of common service processes. Students also will have the opportunity to apply the ideas and analytical models developed in the course to a particular service industry. They will do so by conducting a guided, application group project which includes opportunities for in-depth analysis of a particular service process and field work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Senior Seminar for Thesis Research", number:"null", id:"40171", path:"/courses/40171", description:"Seminar in International Relations. A two semester sequence including review of advanced International Relations theory and research methods for the preparation of the senior thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCREENWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"39695", path:"/courses/39695", description:"This is a workshop-style course for those who have thought they had a terrific idea for a movie but didn't know where to begin. The class will focus on learning the basic tenets of classical dramatic structure and how this (ideally) will serve as the backbone for the screenplay of the aforementioned terrific idea. Each student should, by the end of the semester, have at least thirty pages of a screenplay completed. Classic and not-so-classic screenplays will be required reading for every class, and students will also become acquainted with how the business of selling and producing one's screenplay actually happens. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email briefly describing their interest in the course to the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36986", path:"/courses/36986", description:"This introductory course examines the multi-disciplinary science of law-making, law-breaking, and law-enforcing. It reviews theories and data predicting where, when, by whom and against whom crimes happen. It also addresses the prevention of different offense types by different kinds of offenders against different kinds of people. Police, courts, prisons, and other institutions are critically examined as both preventing and causing crime. This course meets the general distribution requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"41731", path:"/courses/41731", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfill the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING POLICY", number:"null", id:"40857", path:"/courses/40857", description:"The course provides a systematic presentation of the factors to be considered when setting price, and shows how pricing alternatives are developed. Analytical methods are developed and new approaches are explored for solving pricing decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSLATING EV - PRAC II: DNP PROJECT II", number:"null", id:"41918", path:"/courses/41918", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSS HERITAGE SPEAKERS 2", number:"null", id:"43461", path:"/courses/43461", description:"This course is a continuation of RUSS360. In some cases, students who did not take RUSS360 but have basic reading and writing skills may be permitted to enroll with the instructor's permission. Students who complete RUSS361 with a passing grade will satisfy the Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ART OF THE PROFILE", number:"null", id:"42695", path:"/courses/42695", description:"One of the toughest challenges for any journalist is to master the art of the profile-writing. In this new course, students will read and critique some of the classic profile articles of the past 40 years, and, most importantly, write profile articles of their own. Writing about people is often very rewarding, but rarely easy. In this course, students will debate the questions that have plagued and energized journalists for generations: How do you persuade somebody that he or she is a worthy topic for a profile? How do you ask sensitive questions? If the person is a celebrity, how do you avoid being manipulated into writing a 'puff piece'? Do you tape the interviews or just take notes? How do you structure a profile in order to keep the reader's attention? Is it even possible to capture the essence of a person on the written page? Are you a friend to the profile subject--or a manipulator? A journalist at The New Yorker recently said that a writer's relationship with the profile subject is 'a kind of love affair.' On the other hand, a famous author once said that a profile writer is typically 'gaining their trust and betraying without remorse.' Which is closer to the truth?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"37395", path:"/courses/37395", description:"Minimum 600 - 700 kanji knowledge is expected. A continuation of Japanese language beyond the intermediate level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS, ARCHAEOLOGY & CULTURAL HERITAGE", number:"null", id:"39532", path:"/courses/39532", description:"This seminar will explore some of the most important issues that are now a central part of archaeological, anthropological and historical research throughout the world. The identification and control of cultural heritage is a central part of the framework for research within other communities. Issues for this course will also include cultural identity, human rights, repatriation, colonialism, working with communities and many other topics. Field research today must be based upon a new series of ethical standards that will be discussed and examined within this class. Major topics include: cultural heritage - definitions and constructs, cosmopolitanism and collecting, archaeology and looting, cultural heritage preservation, museums - universal and national, museum acquisition policies, cultural identity, international conventions (including underwater issues), national laws of ownership, community based development, cultural tourism, development models, and human rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA ANALYS IN EARTH SCI: INTRODUCTION TO NUMERICAL METHODS", number:"null", id:"37254", path:"/courses/37254", description:"This course will introduce numerical techniques for analyzing data and formulating models in Earth Science. Students will first be introduced to Octave, a high level computer programming language (equivalent to Matlab, but free of cost) that allows data analysis and manipulation, sophisticated plotting and numerical modeling from the same interface. Data analysis will focus on time series, pattern recognition, image/topography analysis, and correlation statistics; modeling will include groundwater and surface water flow, random processes, diffusion, and erosion and deposition. This will be a seminar-style course where discussion will be encouraged, and additional topicsmay be covered depending on student interest. Through project-based learning exercises students will gain proficiency in Octave which will be useful for allaspects of Earth science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"42153", path:"/courses/42153", description:"This course is specifically designed for advanced speakers of Spanish (e.g., native speakers, high-level heritage speakers, and students who have studied in a Spanish-speaking country for at least one semester). Students will take an in-depth look at the corporate dynamics of a number of countries in Latin America, focusing on their economies and markets, as well as on the cultural and business protocols of each region. Through the creation of an entrepreneurial project and the writing of a business plan, students will enhance their business and language skills. Any questions about placement should be addressed to the Director of the Spanish Language Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KNOWLEDGE FOR SOC IMPACT: Analyzing Current Issues and Approaches", number:"null", id:"36106", path:"/courses/36106", description:"Recent technological changes have raised awareness of the magnitude and devastating long-term effects of poverty, food insecurity, limited and unequal access to education, and other social issues. Coupled with growing awareness of these issues is the emerging sense that traditional government programs and charities may be unable to solve these problems - at least, not alone. What may be needed are new strategies - strategies borne of (a) a deep understanding of the issues; (b) interdisciplinary collaboration; and (c) access to business knowledge, frameworks, and resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER RDG/WRTG CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36892", path:"/courses/36892", description:"This is an intermediate language class presuming basic fluency in speaking and listening and focusing on reading and writing abilities. By the end of the class students are expected to have mastered 1200 most commonly used characters and to have the ability to read basic Chinese texts. Students will be prepared for Advanced Modern Chinese or the commercial track.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSLATING EV- PRAC III: DNP PROJECT III", number:"null", id:"45266", path:"/courses/45266", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED YORUBA II", number:"null", id:"35256", path:"/courses/35256", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWEDISH II", number:"null", id:"39304", path:"/courses/39304", description:"Continuation of SCND 101. This is a two-semester course designed to teach beginning skills in Swedish reading comprehension, vocabulary acquisition, listening comprehension, writing, and conversation. Swedish social development will also be examined in relation to its cultural milieu. A trip to Gloria Dei Old Swedes Church in Philadelphia for their Luciafest will be included on a December weekend, a visit to a Swedish film during the Philadelphia Film festival will take place in late April, and other events as announced.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RICH AND THE POOR", number:"null", id:"40684", path:"/courses/40684", description:"Who is rich? Who is poor? This course examines how wealth and income are distributed in the United States, and how its distribution affects indivduals, groups, institutions, and society. We will gain a fuller understanding of what social class is and discuss how it affects all aspects of life, including: quality of schooling, access to employment, child rearing, and even tastes, preferences, and identity. In addition to two midterms and a final exam, students will be responsible for completing several assignments and turning in a short research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS I", number:"null", id:"40248", path:"/courses/40248", description:"Brief review of High School calculus, applications of integrals, transcendental functions, methods of integration, infinite series, Taylor's theorem, and first order ordinary differential equations. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMEDICAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"43331", path:"/courses/43331", description:"This course is an introduction to bioethics, focusing on ethical questions arising at the beginning and end of life. Topics will include procreative responsibilities, the question of wrongful life, and prenatal moral status as well as questions of justice related to markets for sperm, eggs and gestation. We will also attend to dilemmas at the end of life, including the authority of advance directives, euthanasia and the allocation of life-saving therapies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC FINANCE", number:"null", id:"39837", path:"/courses/39837", description:"This course has two parts. The first looks at market and government failures and discusses the need for public policies as well as limits to their effectiveness including the evaluation of public projects using cost benefit analysis. The second part focuses on the economic analysis of taxation, including the economic incidence and efficiency of taxes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Marketing", number:"null", id:"45211", path:"/courses/45211", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED ELEM GERMAN", number:"null", id:"37266", path:"/courses/37266", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers. 

An intensive two credit course in which two semesters of elementary German (GRMN 101 & 102) are completed in one. Introduction to the basic elements of spoken and written German, with emphasis placed on the acquisition of communication skills. Readings and discussions focus on cultural differences. Expression and comprehension are then expanded through the study of literature and social themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"44219", path:"/courses/44219", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMAL LOGIC I", number:"null", id:"44746", path:"/courses/44746", description:"This course provides an introduction to some of the fundamental ideas of logic. Topics will include truth functional logic, quantificational logic, and logical decision problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS PHYSICS I", number:"null", id:"40551", path:"/courses/40551", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 150, at a significantly higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Classical laws of motion: interaction between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; rigid body motion; noninertial reference frames; oscillations. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008 PHYS 101, 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 170 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNISM", number:"null", id:"43454", path:"/courses/43454", description:"The rise and fall of Communism dominated the history of the short twentieth century from the Russian revolution of 1917 to the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. As a system of government, Communism is more or less dead, but its utopian ideals of liberation from exploitation and want live on. Communism remains the one political-economic system that presented, for a time, an alternative to global capitalism. In this course, students will gain an introduction to socialist and Communist political thought and explore Communist political and economic regimes their successes and failures, critics and dissidents, efforts at reform, and causes of collapse. We will learn about the remnants of Communism in China, North Korea, and Cuba and efforts of contemporary theorists to imagine a future for Communism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"38590", path:"/courses/38590", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide the student with the necessary skills to value and to employ options, futures, and related financial contracts. In order to provide a useful treatment of these topics in an environment that is changing rather rapidly, it is necessary to stress the fundamentals and to explore the topics at a technical level. The topics that will be covered include the valuation of futures contracts on stock indices, on commodities and Treasury instruments; the valuation of options; empirical evidence; strategies with respect to these assets; dynamic asset allocation strategies, of which portfolio insurance is an example; swaps; and the use (and misuse) of derivatives in the context of corporate applications. One-third of the course will be devoted to futures, a third to options, and a third to their applications. Many of the applications will be sprinkled along with the coverage of futures and options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOMETALLURGY SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"43715", path:"/courses/43715", description:"This course is designed to provide an in-depth analysis of archaeological metals. Topics to be discussed include: exploitation of ore and its transformation to metal in ancient times, distribution of metal as a raw materials, provenance studies, development and organization of early metallurgy, and interdisciplinary investigations of metals and related artifacts like slag and crucibles. Students will become familiar with the full spectrum of analytical procedures, ranging from microscopy for materials characterization to mass spectrometry for geochemical fingerprinting, and will work on individual research projects analyzing archaeological objects following the analytical methodology of archaeometallurgy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39631", path:"/courses/39631", description:"This course is designed for advanced undergraduate and graduate students who are interested in molecular physiology of sensory signal transduction. The major topics to cover will be signal transduction mechanisms used by membrane ion channels and receptors that detect the sensory stimuli (light, sound, temperature and taste, for example) and transmit the signals to the nervous system. Modern molecular/structural techniques (patch clamp, protein crystallization, molecular genetics, expression cloning and protein purification) will be introduced along with each topic. References will be primary research articles. Students will critically evaluate research discoveries by reading and presenting one to two original research papers. Each student is required to write a 10-page research proposal and to critique proposals written by fellow students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FREN:ACCELERATD", number:"null", id:"42844", path:"/courses/42844", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the intermediate year. See descriptions of French 130 and 140. Students must have a departmental permit to register. Also offered in the summer Penn-in-Tours program in France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND RELIGION", number:"null", id:"37833", path:"/courses/37833", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURR ISS IN HIST OF MED", number:"null", id:"37365", path:"/courses/37365", description:"This seminar surveys a variety of popular and scholarly approaches to the study of medicine and its history, ranging from traditional physician-centered narratives to more recent cultural and epistemological methodologies. The potential values of journalistic, sociological, anthropological, geographical and other approaches to the historical study of health, disease, and health care will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BUSINESS ECONOM", number:"null", id:"38180", path:"/courses/38180", description:"This course explores the economics and politics of public policy to provide an analytic framework for considering why, how, and with what success/failure government intervenes in a variety of policy areas. Particular attention will be paid to important policy issues relating to taxation, social security, low-income assistance, health insurance, education (both K-12 and higher ed), the environment, and government deficits. The costs and benefits of alternative policies will be explored along with the distribution of responsibilities between the federal, state and local governments. While the course will focus primarily on U.S. policies, the topics covered (e.g. tax reform, deficits versus austerity, etc.) are currently at the center of the policy debate in many other industrialized countries as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY - INTER II", number:"null", id:"35258", path:"/courses/35258", description:"Continuation of AFST 492.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWKING THEORY & FUND", number:"null", id:"42748", path:"/courses/42748", description:"Networks constitute an important component of modern technology and society. Networks have traditionally dominated communication technology in form of communication networks, distribution of energy in form of power grid networks, and have more recently emerged as a tool for social connectivity in form of social networks. In this course, we will study mathematical techniques that are key to the design and analysis of different kinds of networks. First, we will investigate techniques for modeling evolution of networks. Specifically, we will consider random graphs (all or none connectivity, size of components, diameters under random connectivity), small world problem, network formation and the role of topology in the evolution of networks. Next, we will investigate different kinds of stochastic processes that model the flow of information in networks. Specifically, we will develop the theory of markov processes, renewal processes, and basic queueing, diffusion models, epidemics and rumor spreading in networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMICS OF LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"44446", path:"/courses/44446", description:"This course introduces the tools, techniques, as well as current research on the approach to language as a dynamical system, which seeks to fruitfully integrate linguistic theory, psycholinguistics, corpus linguistics, and historical linguistics through the means of mathematical modeling. Topics include: string processing, dynamical systems and stability, stochastic processes, mathematical models of population dynamics, and dynamical models of language learning, processing, and change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF OPERA", number:"null", id:"38997", path:"/courses/38997", description:"An investigation, through a series of representative works, of the central problem of opera: how does the combination of music, text, and visual spectacle create an art form in which the whole is more powerful than its parts. Today this issue can be examined not only in live performances but also through media such as film, DVD, streaming video-- media to which this four-centuries-old multimedia form has adapted, evolving in still compelling ways. The works chosen for the course provide a chronological survey but also represent the variety of sources on which opera has drawn for it subject matter: myth and legend, the epic, the novel, and the play.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY B", number:"null", id:"35389", path:"/courses/35389", description:"General principles of biology focusing on structure and function of animals, with emphasis on the principles of physiology, development, evolution, ecology, and the diversity of adaptations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV PRAC NURS-ONCOLOGY: ADVANCED PRACTICE NURSING FOR ONCOLOGY CARE", number:"null", id:"41884", path:"/courses/41884", description:"Students are introduced to cancer epidemiology and pathophysiology, cancer genetics, prevention, risk assessment and reduction for specific cancers, screening techniques, diagnostic procedures and criteria, and local and systemic therapies used to treat cancer. The influence of individual characteristics on health promotion, health behaviors, population cancer risk, and cancer detection are explored in the context of biological, psychological, socioeconomic and sociocultural factors across age groups from adolescents to older adults. Evidence-based practice guidelines and research are applied to promote healthy lifestyles, monitor cancer risk, address psychosocial issues, facilitate access to care, and reduce health care disparities for populations at risk and diagnosed with cancer, and cancer survivors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR CLASSICAL CHIN I", number:"null", id:"39692", path:"/courses/39692", description:"Introduction to the classical written language, beginning with Shadick, First Course in Literary Chinese. Students with a background in Japanese, Korean, Cantonese, Taiwanese, and other East Asian languages are welcome; it is not necessary to know Mandarin. The course begins from scratch, and swiftly but rigorously develops the ability to read a wide variety of classical and semi-classical styles. Original texts from the 6th century BC to the 20th century AD are studied. This course is taught in English and there are no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY ISSUES IN HUMAN SEXUALITY AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"39056", path:"/courses/39056", description:"Emphasizes the theories of sexual development and sexual behavior within the continuum of health and disease. Common sexual practices of people are studied in relation to life-style and/or situational life crisis. Contemporary issues in sexuality and health will be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE PRINCIPLES OF PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE", number:"null", id:"43274", path:"/courses/43274", description:"This course focuses on evidenced based care for infants, children, and adolescents with complex acute and chronic health conditions. Emphasis is placed on developing a framework for practice based on a synthesis of knowledge from biological, behavioral, and nursing sciences through the process of advanced clinical decision making. The student gains the necessary clinical management skills to provide specialized patient centered care across the entire pediatric age spectrum from complex chronic illness to physiologic deterioration and life threatening instability with emphasis on the patient and family as a full partner in decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IDEAS IN MATHEMATICS", number:"null", id:"43073", path:"/courses/43073", description:"Topics from among the following: logic, sets, calculus, probability, history and philosophy of mathematics, game theory, geometry, and their relevance to contemporary science and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE REFORM AND THE FUTURE OF THE AMERICAN HEALTH SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"41524", path:"/courses/41524", description:"This course will provide students a broad overview of the current U.S. healthcare system. The course will focus on the challenges facing the health care system, an in-depth understanding of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and of its potential impact upon health care access, delivery, cost, and quality as well as its effect on firms within the health care sector. The course will examine potential reforms, including those offered by liberals and conservatives and information that can be extracted from health care systems in other developed countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONS, POL AND MARKETS", number:"null", id:"43786", path:"/courses/43786", description:"This course is intended to deepen understanding of the major contemporary issues in the world economy. The focus is on the 'big picture' of global economic developments and the evolution of economic thought over the last one hundred years. The topics include: financial market booms and busts; business cycles; monetary and fiscal policies; inequality; the social welfare state; technological change and economic growth; and international trade and financial arrangements. The time period covers: the Roaring Twenties; the Great Depression, the post war Golden Age (1945-1973); the stagflation of the 1970s; the Washington Consensus era of the market liberalization (1980-2007); and the 2008 financial crisis and Great Recession of 2007-2010 and its aftermath. The course also explores different schools of thought. The course will chronicle and compare economic policy and performance of the United States, Europe, Japan and emerging markets (Asia, Latin America, Africa).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR FOR THESIS RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"41599", path:"/courses/41599", description:"Seminar in International Relations. A two semester sequence including review of advanced International Relations theory and research methods for the preparation of the senior thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Kant:  Prolegomena and Critique of Pure Reason", number:"null", id:"40534", path:"/courses/40534", description:"Various topics in 17th-18th century philosophy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMS IN CONTEMP SOC: Asian Americans in Contemporary Society", number:"null", id:"37900", path:"/courses/37900", description:"This class will introduce you to sociological research of Asian Americans and engage in the 'model minority' stereotype. We begin by a brief introduction to U.S. immigration history and sociological theories about assimilation and racial stratification. The class will also cover research on racial and ethnic identity, educational stratification, mass media images, interracial marriage, multiracials, transracial adoption, and the viability of an Asian American panethnic identity. We will also examine the similarities and differences of Asian Americans relative to other minority groups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHARTON FIELD CHALLENGE: CFA Community Development Program/Computer Literacy", number:"null", id:"36108", path:"/courses/36108", description:"http://fap.wharton.upenn.edu/353 Students Info.htm", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR WOMEN LIVES PAST/PRE", number:"null", id:"35249", path:"/courses/35249", description:"Restoring women to African history is a worthy goal, but easier said than done.The course examines scholarship over the past forty years that brings to light previously overlooked contributions African women have made to political struggle, religious change, culture preservation, and economic development from pre-colonial times to present. The course addresses basic questions about changing women's roles and human rights controversies associated with African women within the wider cultural and historical contexts in which their lives are lived. It also raises fundamental questions about sources, methodology, and representation, including the value of African women's oral and written narrative and cinema production as avenues to insider perspectives on African women's lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDATIONS OF ENG MATH I", number:"null", id:"41333", path:"/courses/41333", description:"This is the first course of a two semester sequence, but each course is self contained. Over the two semesters topics are drawn from various branches of applied mathematics that are relevant to engineering and applied science. These include: Linear Algebra and Vector Spaces, Hilbert spaces, Higher-Dimensional Calculus, Vector Analysis, Differential Geometry, Tensor Analysis, Optimization and Variational Calculus, Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations, Initial-Value and Boundary-Value Problems, Green's Functions, Special Functions, Fourier Analysis, Integral Transforms and Numerical Analysis. The fall course emphasizes the study of Hilbert spaces, ordinary and partial differential equations, the initial-value, boundary-value problem, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"44463", path:"/courses/44463", description:"Many important problems in a wide range of disciplines within computer science and throughout science are solved using techniques from linear algebra. This course will introduce students to some of the most widely used algorithms and illustrate how they are actually used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE OF SUCCESS", number:"null", id:"43041", path:"/courses/43041", description:"This course explores the history, literature, and philosophy of two age-old questions: what does it mean to be successful and how does one achieve this elusive goal? It surveys some of the classics of the 'success' genre - from Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography in the 18th century to Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People and Marcus Buckingham's Now, Discover Your Strengths in the 20th and 21st centuries. Case studies of remarkable achievements in business and society and Arthur Miller's play Death of a Salesman provide additional contexts within which to reflect on the questions at the center of the course. Students will keep a personal journal and use web-based tools to examine their own character strengths, talents, and achievement orientations. Grading is based on class attendance and participation, reading response papers, personal journals on assigned topics involving self reflection, a mid-term paper on an assigned research subject related to success, and a final, longer paper exploring, based on course readings and original research, each students personal philosophy of success. No final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCREENWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"43890", path:"/courses/43890", description:"This is a workshop-style course for those who have thought they had a terrific idea for a movie but didn't know where to begin. The class will focus on learning the basic tenets of classical dramatic structure and how this (ideally) will serve as the backbone for the screenplay of the aforementioned terrific idea. Each student should, by the end of the semester, have at least thirty pages of a screenplay completed. Classic and not-so-classic screenplays will be required reading for every class, and students will also become acquainted with how the business of selling and producing one's screenplay actually happens. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email briefly describing their interest in the course to the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Cultural Heritage and Conflict", number:"null", id:"43714", path:"/courses/43714", description:"Intentional destruction of cultural heritage is designed to erase the presence of a people in history and has become an all too familiar feature of the devastation wrought by contemporary violence and 'ethnic cleansing.' Recent cases appear frequently in news headlines and include such well-known examples as the 2001 demolition of the Bamiyan Buddhas in Afghanistan, the 2012 destruction of Sufi shrines in Timbuktu, Mali, and the recent obliteration of historic sites across Syria and Iraq. This course explores this phenomenon by examining such questions as: Why is cultural heritage targeted in conflict? Under what circumstances? By whom? In so doing, we will engage with readings that discuss the historical development of the international laws and norms that aim to protect cultural heritage during conflict and examples successful and unsuccessful humanitarian interventions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"36067", path:"/courses/36067", description:"Continuation of MATH 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"37570", path:"/courses/37570", description:"This course provides an introduction to the fundamental concepts of Materials Science through an examination of the structure, property, performance relationship for synthetic and biologic structural materials with a focus on surgical implants and medical devices. Consideration is given to issues of biocompatibility, degradation of materials by the biologic systems, and biologic response to artificial materials. Particular attention will be given to the materials of total hip and knee prostheses and their relationship to the long term outcomes in hip and knee arthroplasty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECON&CULT IN CONT CHINA", number:"null", id:"36719", path:"/courses/36719", description:"This course will provide a broad introduction to a range of economic and cultural issues in contemporary China. As many questions regarding China, ranging from the direction of market-based economic reforms to the prospects of democratic movements, remain sites of debate, we will seek to understand the stakes and arguments involved. During this course, we will cover texts from anthropology, sociology, political science, popular media, the arts, and economics. Topics covered include: Economic reforms, Chinese capitalism and socialism, Democratic transformations, Business in China, Chinese politics and leadership, China and consumerism, The rule of law, Labor and class, Gender, and China and globalization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS OF SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43326", path:"/courses/43326", description:"What counts as a scientific theory? What counts as evidence for a scientific theory? Are scientific inferences justified? Does science give us truths or approximate truths about a world that exists independently of us? How can we know? Does it matter? These are all perennial questions in the philosophy of science, and the goal of this course is to look at how philosophers have answered these questions since the scientific revolution. In addition to reading classic work by philosophers of science, we will read material from living and dead scientists in order to gain a deeper appreciation of the philosophical questions that have troubled the most brilliant scientists in Western science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO&NANO-SCALE MATLS", number:"null", id:"38982", path:"/courses/38982", description:"Basic principles of chemical thermodynamics as applied to macro and nano-sized materials. This course will cover the fundamentals of classical thermodynamics as applied to the calculation and prediction of phase stability, chemical reactivity and synthesis of materials systems. The size-dependent properties of nano-sized systems will be explored through the incorporation of the thermodynamic properties of surfaces. The prediction of the phase stability of two and three component systems will be illustrated through the calculation and interpretation of phase diagrams for metallic, semiconductor, inorganic, polymeric and surfactant systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS", number:"null", id:"38657", path:"/courses/38657", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"39357", path:"/courses/39357", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: GREEK LITERATURE: HERODOTUS", number:"null", id:"41494", path:"/courses/41494", description:"This course is for those who have completed Greek 204, Greek 212, or equivalent. Close reading and discussion of a Greek author or a particular genre of Greek literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"40953", path:"/courses/40953", description:"An introduction to the design of architecture in the city. Students explore the relationships between two- dimensional patterns and their corresponding three-dimensional interpretations through the orthographic drawings of plan, section, and elevation and three-dimensional digital and physical models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARIS MODERN:SPIRAL CITY", number:"null", id:"42791", path:"/courses/42791", description:"Paris has been shaped by a mixture of organic development, which is still today perceptible in the 'snail' pattern of its arrondissements whose numbers, from 1 to 20, coil around a central island several times so as to exemplify a 'spiral city,' and of the violent cuts, interruptions and sudden transformations that again and again forced it to catch up with modern times, the most visible of which was Baron Haussmann's destruction of medieval sections of the city to make room for huge boulevards. Thus Parisian modernism has always consisted in a negotiation between the old and the new, and a specific meaning of modernity allegorized for Louis Aragon, the Surrealists and Walter Benjamin consisted in old-fashioned arcades built in the middle of the 19th century and obsolete by the time they turned into icons of Paris. The aim of the class will be to provide conceptual and pragmatic (visual, experiential) links between a number of texts, theories and films deploying various concepts of the modern in Paris, with a guided tour of the main places discussed. The course that Professors Jean Michel Rabate (English) and Ken Lum (Fine Arts) will lead studies Paris as a work of science-fiction where its many futures are embedded in its many pasts, where discontinuity is a continuous process and where the curving line of the", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE ART/PENN MUSEUM", number:"null", id:"38399", path:"/courses/38399", description:"This class is an opportunity to work closely with the Chinese sculpture, paintings, bronzes and other works of art in the collection of the Penn Museum. Some of the objects are well-known and on permanent display. Others have hardly been researched since they were acquired, and rarely leave storage. The class will meet in small groups at the museum. Students will work on research papers and collaborative in-class presentations on objects of their choice. A variety of approaches will be encouraged and students may choose to focus on iconography, historical and religious context, materials and manufacturing techniques, collectors and patronage, or inscriptions. There are no prerequisites for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE III", number:"null", id:"36035", path:"/courses/36035", description:"Expanded instruction of American Sign Language (ASL). Receptive and expressive activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; narrative skills, cultural bahviors; and aspects of Deaf culture. Abstract and conversational approach.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE V", number:"null", id:"36253", path:"/courses/36253", description:"This course provides a systems approach to examining specialty surgical procedures and the anesthesia requirements for each. Analysis of the pre-anesthesia assessment, the intraoperative monitoring and the post-anesthesia care required for patients undergoing the surgical procedure will be presented. Population specific considerations will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETING STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"40338", path:"/courses/40338", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN PHIL & LIT: ADORNO & LITERARY THEORY", number:"null", id:"37276", path:"/courses/37276", description:"The topic for Fall 2015 is: Adorno and Literary Theory. Theodore W. Adorno consistently developed his cultural and social theory in close engagement with art works. During the seminar, therefore, we will be reading both the theoretical reflections of Adorno on art (especially literature) as well as his interpretations of literary texts. We will be taking a closer look at (a) his reflections associated with literary form, (b) his fundamental reflections on the relationship between literature and society, and (c) his specific interpretations of German literature--including his famous interpretations of Goethe, Hoelderlin, Eichendorff, and Hebbel.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL MERCHANDISING", number:"null", id:"40351", path:"/courses/40351", description:"This course provides a detailed introduction to the role of merchandising at various retailers, including apparel and other soft lines businesses, grocery stores, mass-merchandisers and 'category killers'. Selected topics may include product development, line planning, sourcing, product life cycle, forecasting, planning and allocation, pricing and markdowns, and vendor relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOOD AND FIRE", number:"null", id:"36720", path:"/courses/36720", description:"This course will let students explore the essential heritage of human technology through archaeology. People have been transforming their environment from the first use of fire for cooking. Since then, humans have adapted to the world they created using the resources around them. We use artifacts to understand how the archaeological record can be used to trace breakthroughs such as breaking stone and bone, baking bread, weaving cloth and firing pottery and metals. The seminar will meet in the Penn Museum's new Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials. Students will become familiar with the Museum's collections and the scientific methods used to study different materials. Class sessions will include discussions, guest presentations, museum field trips, and hands-on experience in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN H&SS", number:"null", id:"37366", path:"/courses/37366", description:"Seminar for first-year graduate students, undergraduate majors, and advanced undergraduates. Reading will introduce the student to current work concerning the effect of social context on science, technology, and medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR HUMAN MEMORY: Big Data, Memory and the Human Brain", number:"null", id:"36435", path:"/courses/36435", description:"Advances in brain recording methods over the last decade have generated vastly more brain data than had been collected by neuroscientists during the previous century. To understand the human brain, scientists must now use computational methods that exploit the power of these huge data sets.This course will introduce you to the use of big data analytics in the study of human memory and its neural basis. Through hands-on programming projects, we will analyze multi-terabyte data sets both to replicate existing phenomena and to make new discoveries. Although the course has no formal neuroscience or psychology prerequisites it does require a background in (a) elementary statistics and (b) computer programming, preferably using Matlab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE PUNJABI II", number:"null", id:"36445", path:"/courses/36445", description:"This course is designed as a continuation of Beginning Punjabi, but can also be taken by anyone who can demonstrate a similar level in proficiency of the language. The course objectives are to expand the mastery of sentence patterns and augment vocabulary and its usage through intensive grammar review and comprehension exercises. A special emphasis will also be placed on greater cultural awareness. Upon completion of this course students should be able to interact socially with added confidence and greater expressiveness. Students should also experience a great improvement in their comprehension of the spoken and written language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO DIGITAL HUMANITIES: COMPUTING FOR INTERPRETATION IN THE HUMANITIES", number:"null", id:"42653", path:"/courses/42653", description:"This course provides an introduction to foundational skills common in digital humanities (DH). It covers a range of new technologies and methods and will empower scholars in literary studies and across humanities disciplines to take advantage of established and emerging digital research tools. Students will learn basic coding techniques that will enable them to work with a range data including literary texts and utilize techniques such as text mining, network analysis, and other computational approaches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH SERVICES SYS", number:"null", id:"40092", path:"/courses/40092", description:"This course provides an overview of the evolution, structure and current issues in the health care system. It examines the unique features of health care as a product, and the changing relationships between patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, employers, communities, and government. The course examines three broad segments of the health care industry: payors, providers and suppliers. Within the payor segment, the course examines the sources and destinations of spending, managed care (HMOs, PPOs),employer based health insurance, technology assessment, payor strategy, and efforts to pay for the elderly, the poor & the medically indigent. Within the provider segment, the course examines the impact of cost containment and competition on hospitals and integrated delivery systems, long term care and disease management, and the important role of epidemiology in assessing population health needs and risks. Within the supplier segment, the course will examine developments in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical devices, genomics and IT industries. NOTE: This is a required course for Wharton Graduate Health Care Management majors; it counts as an elective course for all other Wharton Graduate students. It is also open to Law School and Nursing School students with a joint Wharton Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YORUBA I", number:"null", id:"39491", path:"/courses/39491", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"39843", path:"/courses/39843", description:"Students prepare an honors thesis in economics over the academic year, supervised by a faculty member of their choice. In both semesters students present their work in progress to the class. Any student intending to do empirical work in the thesis should have COMPLETED ECON 103 and 104.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"39198", path:"/courses/39198", description:"Portuguese 134 is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the advanced intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"45200", path:"/courses/45200", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUST DEV/WATER RES SYS", number:"null", id:"42470", path:"/courses/42470", description:"The evaluation of technical, social and economic constraints on the design of water supply and sanitation projects. The focus on sustainable design emphasizes how technical solutions fit within the appropriate social context. Case studies are used to demonstrate these principles across a range of examples from developed and developing countries including detailed studies from rural communities with limited resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"36302", path:"/courses/36302", description:"Conducting business in a networked economy invariably involves interplay with technology. The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of technology (what it can or cannot enable) and the business drivers of technology-related decisions in firms. We will be discussing some of the new and most disruptive technologies right now to stimulate thought on new applications for commerce and new ventures, as well as their implications to the tech industry as a whole. Topics include social media, online advertising, big data, and cloud computing. *IN SPRING 2015 THIS COURSE WILL BE OFFERED AS A FULL-CU COURSE THAT ONLY MEETS DURING Q3. WE WILL MEET TWICE A WEEK FOR 3 HOURS PER DAY TO ENSURE THAT THE TOTAL CLASSROOM TIME IS THE SAME AS OTHER 1-CU COURSES. THIS FORMAT WILL FREE UP TIME FOR STUDENTS TO WORK ON COURSE PROJECTS DURING Q4. WE WILL NOT HAVE REGULAR CLASS TIME IN Q4 AS A RESULT.*", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE CINEMA", number:"null", id:"38390", path:"/courses/38390", description:"This course is an introduction to Chinese language cinema in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and the transpacific reigons. It examines the diversity and dynamics of Chinese language cinema across political, linguistic, ethnic, and national boundaries. We will analyze various film genres such as martial arts cinema, ghost films, new documentary, and urban comedy; film movements such as Hong Kong's Second New Wave and Taiwan New Cinema; film generations inculding the Fifth and Sixth Generations; as well as film criticism, cinephilia, and fandom. Film directors examined may include Cai Chusheng, Fei Mu, Zhang Yimou, Chen Kaige, Hou Hsiao-hsien, Edward Yang, Tsai Ming-liang, John Woo, Wong Kai-war, Stanley Kwan, Ang Lee, and Jia Zhangke, among others. The course is taught in English, with all films subtitled in English. No knowledge of Chinese, no prior coursework in Chinese culture or film are required or expected.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE BEHAVIORAL STRATEGIES IN HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"39060", path:"/courses/39060", description:"Cognitive therapy will be studied as it has been adapted to treat a broad spectrum of clinical disorders including depression, anxiety, phobias, substance, obesity, marital problems, sexual dysfunction, and psychosomatic disorders. Students will have an opportunity to study and observe the crucial link between thoughts and emotions and the sense of competency patients can develop through self-help techniques. The course utilizes didactic, experiential and observational techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METH IN MAT SCI", number:"null", id:"37578", path:"/courses/37578", description:"This laboratory course introduces students to a variety of experimental methods used in materials science and engineering. Hands-on training will be provided for atomic force microscopy, X-ray diffraction and scattering, mechanical testing with image capture, Rutherford backscattering, and dynamic light scattering. Students will use numerous software packages for data collection and analysis, as well as being introduced to LabVIEW as a method for customizing experiments. In addition, students will see demonstrations of scanning electron microscopy, transmission electron microscopy, and electron diffraction and analyze data from these methods", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS", number:"null", id:"40141", path:"/courses/40141", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in history who will begin writing their honors thesis during this seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELAST&MICROMECH OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"36092", path:"/courses/36092", description:"This course is targeted to engineering students working in the areas on micro/nanomechanics of materials. The course will start with a quick review of the equations of linear elasticity and proceed to solutions of specific problems such as the Hertz contact problem, Eshelby's problem etc. Failure mechanisms such as fracture and the fundamentals of dislocations/plasticity will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING NONPROFITS", number:"null", id:"45173", path:"/courses/45173", description:"This course will provide an analysis of the nonprofit sector in relation to public and for-profit organizations focusing on building the six core organizational competencies that are essential to a successful nonprofit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROENDOCRINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42417", path:"/courses/42417", description:"This course is designed to examine the various roles played by the nervous and endocrine systems in controlling both physiological processes and behavior. First, the course will build a foundation in the concepts of neural and endocrine system function. Then, we will discuss how these mechanisms form the biological underpinnings of various behaviors and their relevant physiological correlates. We will focus on sexual and parental behaviors, stress, metabolism, neuroendocrine-immune interactions, and mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"36150", path:"/courses/36150", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to develop and implement powerful models of customer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these methods for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales forecasting, analyses of media usage, customer valuation, and targeted marketing programs. These same techniques are also very useful for other types of business (and non-business) problems. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TOPICS BUDDHISM", number:"null", id:"37855", path:"/courses/37855", description:"This is an advanced course for upper level undergraduates and graduate students on various issues in the study of Buddhist texts, art, and history. Each semester the theme of the course changes. In recent years themes have included: Magic and Ritual, Art and Material Culture, Texts and Contexts, Manuscript Studies. 

Fall 2013 Topic: Buddhist repertoires (idiosyncratic and personal assemblages of beliefs, reflections, wonderings, possessions, and practices) for a large part, material and sensual. Buddhists are often sustained by their collection, production, and trading of stuff amulets, images, posters, protective drawings, CDs, calendars, films, comic books, and even Buddhist-themed pillow cases, umbrellas, and coffee mugs. Aspirations are interconnected with objects. Beliefs are articulated through objects. Objects are not empty signifiers onto which meaning is placed. The followers and the objects, the collectors and their stuff, are overlooked in the study of religion, even in many studies in the growing field of material culture and religion. What is striking is that these objects of everyday religiosity are often overlooked by art historians as well. Art historians often remove (through photography or physical movement to museums or shops) images and ritual implements from their ritual context and are seen as objets d'art. 

While art historians influenced by Alfred Gell, Arjun Appadurai, and Daniel Miller have brought the study of ritual objects into the forefront of art historical studies, in terms of methodologies of studying Buddhist art, art historians have generally relegated themselves to the study of either the old and valuable or the static and the curated. This course aims to 1) bring a discussion of art into the study of living Buddhism. Art historians have primarily concentrated on the study of images, stupas, manuscripts, and murals produced by the elite, and primarily made before the twentieth century; 2) study art as it exists and operates in dynamic ritual activities and highly complex synchronic and diachronic relationships; 3) focus on the historical and material turn in the study of images, amulets, and murals in Buddhist monasteries and shrines.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR I", number:"null", id:"37881", path:"/courses/37881", description:"This course is an introduction to the repertoire and performance practices of the North Indian sitar. Fundamentals of sitar technique, composition, and improvisation are presented and practiced in class. Class lectures and discussions, audio and video material, and reading and listening assignments on selected topics supplement practice, to provide an overview of the social and historical context and the formal structures of North Indian music in general. There are no prerequisites for the course, but some experience with instrumental or vocal music is suggested. Each student is expected to put in two hours of individual practice per week, and complete reading, audio, and written assignments. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDATIONS OF DEC PROC", number:"null", id:"41942", path:"/courses/41942", description:"The course is an introduction to research on normative, descriptive and prescriptive models of judgement and choice under uncertainty. We will be studying the underlying theory of decision processes as well as applications in individual group and organizational choice. Guest speakers will relate the concepts of decision processes and behavioral economics to applied problems in their area of expertise. As part of the course there will be a theoretical or empirical term paper on the application of decision processes to each student's particular area of interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN REGRESSION", number:"null", id:"44969", path:"/courses/44969", description:"Function estimation and data exploration using extensions of regression analysis: smoothers, semiparametric and nonparametric regression, and supervised machine learning. Conceptual foundations are addressed as well as hands-on use for data analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING FILIPINO I", number:"null", id:"40909", path:"/courses/40909", description:"An introduction to the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This will prepare and develop students' basic skills in speaking, listening, reading and writing Filipino at its beginning level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"43862", path:"/courses/43862", description:"Continuation of CHEM 241.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOTECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41062", path:"/courses/41062", description:"The goal of this course is to teach you the fundamentals of biotechnology and introduce you to concepts in Chemical Engineering along the way. Concepts in Biotechnology that will be covered include, DNA, RNA, the Central Dogma, proteins, recombinant technology, RNA silencing, electrophoresis, chromatography, synthetic biology, pull down assays, PCR, hybridization, array technology, DNA machines, DNA sequencing, and forensics. Concepts in Chemical Engineering that will be covered include the mass balance, scaling laws and the Buckingham-Pi theorem, kinetics of enzyme reactions, thermodynamics of molecular binding, the Langmuir isotherm, separations via chromatography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"40371", path:"/courses/40371", description:"This course will provide an overview of select topics in equilibrium and non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. The emphasis will be on elucidating the basic postulates of statistical mechanics, explaining its fundamental laws and introducing the methodology of non-equilibrium processes via select applications in diverse fields. Statistical Mechanics is a unique branch of physics that permeates our understanding of matter at all length scales, from nanometers to stellar dimensions, and ranging in temperatures from nano-Kelvin to billions of degrees Kelvin. The techniques of Statistical Mechanics have been employed in condensed matter physics and materials science when studying solids, liquids, and gases as well as in other disciplines such as biology, zoology, molecular biology, physiology, economics, signal transmission and large scale networks such as the world-wide web. It is envisaged that students at Penn and especially in MSE/SEAS will benefit by getting a perspective of this fascinating subject and appreciate how its principles govern phenomena as diverse as semiconductor devices, greenhouse effect, biological pattern formation and instabilities on material surfaces.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH OF POPULATIONS", number:"null", id:"40685", path:"/courses/40685", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to the quantitative study of factors that influence the health of populations. Topics to be addressed include methods for characterizing levels of health in populations, comparative and historical perspectives on population health, health disparities, health policy issues and the effectiveness of interventions for enhancing the health of populations. These topics will be addressed both for developed and developing world populations. The course will focus on specific areas of health and some of the major issues and conclusions pertaining to those domains. Areas singled out for attention include chronic diseases and their major risk factors, such as smoking, physical activity, dietary factors and obesity. Throughout the course, the focus will be on determining the quality of evidence for health policy and understanding the manner in which it was generated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REL&COL RULE IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"37336", path:"/courses/37336", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FREN:ACCELERATD", number:"null", id:"35820", path:"/courses/35820", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the intermediate year. See descriptions of French 130 and 140. Students must have a departmental permit to register. Also offered in the summer Penn-in-Tours program in France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HUMAN EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"42318", path:"/courses/42318", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"35999", path:"/courses/35999", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 011. This course aims at further development of the four language skills to the novice-high level by building on materials covered in KORN 011. Students will learn how to use three speech styles (polite formal, informal, and intimate) appropriately in a given context. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to handle simple and elementary needs of daily lives and talk (and write) about a variety of topics such as family, college life, birthday celebration, shopping, Korean food, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC COST ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"45083", path:"/courses/45083", description:"The first part of the course presents alternative methods of preparing managerial accounting information, and the remainder of the course examines how these methods are used by companies. Managerial accounting is a company's internal language, and is used for decision-making, production management, product design and pricing and for motivating and evaluating employees. Unless you understand managerial accounting, you cannot have a thorough understanding of a company's internal operations. What you learn in this course will help you understand the operations of your future employer (and enable you to be more successful at your job), and help you understand other companies you encounter in your role as competitor, consultant, or investor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"37633", path:"/courses/37633", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FUNDAMENTALS II", number:"null", id:"42351", path:"/courses/42351", description:"A studio course exploring the relationship between two-dimensional images and three-dimensional digital and physical models. This studio course develops advanced techniques in digital representation and fabrication through an investigation of the theme of inhabitation in architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"36997", path:"/courses/36997", description:"Today, Japanese manga, anime, J-pop, and film have a global audience. But these exports can only be truly understood in light of longstanding domestic anxieties about sex, violence, gender, and 'the kids these days.' More recent concerns about the country's declining birthrate, weakening geopolitical position, and vulnerability to natural and anthropogenic disaster also deeply influence Japanese media products. This course explores some of these anxieties through critical examinations of manga, anime, video games, television, music, and fashion in Japan. Film screenings include work by directors Kon Satoshi, Otomo Katsuhiro, Takahata Isao, Miyazaki Hayao; Itami Juzo, and Takita Yojiro; manga excerpts include work by Tezuka Osamu, Urasawa Naoki, and Yazawa Ai. Secondary readings include scholarship in anthropology, history, sociology, literature, film studies and religious studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SHAKESPEARE&POL.THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"37815", path:"/courses/37815", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. Recent topics include: Globalization; Race & Criminal Justice; Democracy & Markets in Postcommunist Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE RACIAL POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42288", path:"/courses/42288", description:"This course combines scholarship on race and racism in plural societies with qualitative approaches to the study of political institutions, phenomena and actors. Germany, Brazil, France and Cuba will be examined as individual country cases and in comparative perspective. Conceptual and theoretical readings on race, racism and politics provide students with the analytic tools to draw more abstract lessons and generalizable conclusions about how racial and ethno-national hierarchy involves the role of the state and political economy, culture, norms and institutions. Students will also examine the impact of civil rights movements for political equality in response to legacies of racial and ethno-national hierarchy and inequality. Finally, students will become familiar with scholarship on nationalism and social movements as they relate to racial politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE, CONSUMPTION, AND PRODUCTION IN THE GLOBAL MARKETPLACE", number:"null", id:"40938", path:"/courses/40938", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining portion of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel. Research assignments emphasize the use of anthropological participant-observation techniques to investigate the relationships between", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE WORKSHOP: Edinburgh - Theatreworkshop", number:"null", id:"45000", path:"/courses/45000", description:"This course will examine a specific aspect of theatrical practice, taught by a visiting professional theatre artist. The course, with different topics, may be repeated for credit. Recent topics have included performance art, Jacques LeCoq technique, Suzuki, and Viewpoints.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"35706", path:"/courses/35706", description:"Basic ideas of probability theory. Combinatorics. Random variables and functions of random variables. Means, moments and generating functions. Order statistics and special distributions. Inequalities and the central limit theorem.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHAB ENGINEERING&DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36790", path:"/courses/36790", description:"Students will learn about problems faced by disabled persons and medical rehabilitation specialists, and how engineering design can be used to solve and ameliorate those problems. The course combines lectures, multiple design projects and exercises, and field trips to clinical rehabilitation facilities. Students will have substantial interactio with clinical faculty, as well as with patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATL CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41437", path:"/courses/41437", description:"This course analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics covered are corporate strategy and the decision to invest abroad, international portfolio diversification, managing exchange risk, taxation issues, cost of capital and financial structure in the multinational firm, and sources of financing. Departmental Website: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/ Registration: Registration for MBA electives is handled through the MBA Course Auction. For questions about core courses or MBA electives that don't appear in the course auction please contact the MBA Program Office. Non-MBAs interested in graduate classes must work throught the academic department and the MBA Program Office.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI OF SEX & SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"42897", path:"/courses/42897", description:"While sexual and gender diversity have been consisten features in most cultures throughout history, how such gender and sexual based discussion have been articulated, understood, condoned, or condemned has varied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENT AND DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"43415", path:"/courses/43415", description:"Thinking, judgment, and personal and societal decision making, with emphasis on fallacies and biases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM PHYS OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"37571", path:"/courses/37571", description:"The course is directed at the development of a background in basic physics required to understand the behavior of electrons in atoms, molecules and solids. Examples to illustrate the application of these techniques will be centered in the free and nearly free electron theory of solids. The application of modern physics to many state-of-the-art materials analysis techniques will be demonstrated throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE EUROPE", number:"null", id:"38751", path:"/courses/38751", description:"This course will examine the cultural and intellectual movement known as the Renaissance, from its origins in fourteenth-century Italy to its diffusion into the rest of Europe in the sixteenth century. We will trace the great changes in the world of learning and letters, the visual arts, and music,along with those taking place in politics, economics, and social organization. We will be reading primary sources as well as modern works.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"39660", path:"/courses/39660", description:"An advanced course for students who have had AP Chemistry in high school. Included in the course coverage are: quantum mechanics of atoms, molecules and crystalline solids; statistical mechanics of gases, liquids, and solids; and coordination chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE NATURE OF NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"40411", path:"/courses/40411", description:"This course facilitates students' ability to conceptualize the experiences of individuals, families, communities, and populations living with health and illness. It emphasizes the integration of knowledge from other disciplines and of nursing science as the basis for practice. The course introduces the four core themes of the undergraduate nursing program: engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice and examines how the themes are used to characterize the nature of nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY B", number:"null", id:"45107", path:"/courses/45107", description:"General principles of biology focusing on evolution, physiology, development, and ecology in all types of living organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"38913", path:"/courses/38913", description:"This course is an introduction to the critical management skills involved in planning, structuring, controlling and leading an organization. It provides a framework for understanding issues involved in both managing and being managed, and it will help you to be a more effective contributor to organizations that you join. We develop a 'systems' view of organizations, which means that we examine organizations as part of a context, including but not limited to environment, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people and outputs. We consider how managerial decisions made in any one of these domains affect decisions in each of the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"35878", path:"/courses/35878", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exch ange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF OLDER ADULTS", number:"null", id:"36223", path:"/courses/36223", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of older adults. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern including the unique set of principles and body of knowledge and skills necessary to the practice of nursing with older adults. Students are provided with the theoretical background necessary to understand health system issues affecting older adults. Students will attain the knowledge necessary to complete a comprehensive assessment of the older adult's physical, functional, psychosocial, and cognitive capacities. Common problems associated with cardiovascular, respiratory, neurological, musculoskeletal, sensory, and genitourinary systems that affect older adults will be discussed. In addition, principles of continuity of care, rehabilitation, nutritional and pharmacodynamic changes, cultural diversity and ethics will be integrated throughout the course. Clinical experiences in acute care hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM PERSIAN II", number:"null", id:"44740", path:"/courses/44740", description:"This course is designed to help you build upon what you have learned in Elementary Persian I. Emphasis is placed on using the language for interpersonal, interpretive, and presentational modes of communication. Therefore use of English is restricted. Listening, speaking, reading, and writing-as well as culture, vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation-are integrated into the course. Students must either have successfully completed PERS-011, or take the departmental exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG PICTURES: MURAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"35737", path:"/courses/35737", description:"The history and practice of the contemporary mural movement couples step by step analysis of the process of designing with painting a mural. In addition students will learn to see mural art as a tool for social change. This course combines theory with practice. Students will design and paint a large outdoor mural in West Philadelphia in collaboration with Philadelphia high school students and community groups. The class is co-taught by Jane Golden, director of the Mural Arts Program in Philadelphia, and Shira Walinsky, a mural arts painter and founder of Southeast by Southeast project, a community center for Burmese refugees in South Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PUBLIC ENVIRONMENT OF CITIES: AN INTRO TO THE URBAN LANDSCAPE", number:"null", id:"36607", path:"/courses/36607", description:"This course will explore the role of public spaces - streets, boulevards, parks and squares - in cities and their social uses. With the University of Pennsylvania campus and the City of Philadelphia serving as our laboratory, we will critically examine the evolution of the movement of corridors, open space and buildings of the urban landscape and their changing uses. Case studies of social spaces on campus and public open spaces in Center City will help inform our understanding of how public environment serves, well or poorly, the varying needs of diverse users. While graphic skills are not required, graphic means as well as writing will be employed to communicate critical thought, ideas, and conclusions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PENN-WEST PHILA SUMM INT", number:"null", id:"45320", path:"/courses/45320", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF BIOCHEM", number:"null", id:"39616", path:"/courses/39616", description:"Intermediate level course covering principles of modern biochemistry. Topics include protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanisms, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. Emphasis will be on biochemical problem solving, experimental design, and application of quantitative methods in a biological and clinical context. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Making Meaning in Local, Global, and Historical Perspectives", number:"null", id:"37847", path:"/courses/37847", description:"This Freshman Seminar is part of the Residential Program of the same name at Fisher Hassenfeld College House. This year-long seminar (0.5 credit per semester) explores the ways in which people around the world make meaning in their lives and communities. We will survey religious, artistic, and philosophical traditions from around the world--drawing especially on the rich resources here in Philadelphia, with frequent field trips, films, and guest speakers. For more information see http://fh.house.upenn.edu/Making Meaning", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED PORTUGUESE I", number:"null", id:"37785", path:"/courses/37785", description:"This is an intermediate course designed, in a four-course strand, for students who have taken at least two semesters of Portuguese. Classroom activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary with the objective to develop your skills in Portuguese. In addition, students will explore movies, music and other media to further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDAMENTALS OF AI", number:"null", id:"38330", path:"/courses/38330", description:"Artificial Intelligence is considered from the point of view of a resource-limited knowledge-based agent who must reason and act in the world. Topics include search, knowledge representation and reasoning, probabilistic reasoning, machine learning, logic, automatic theorem proving, and natural language processing. Programming assignments in Python.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULT BUS STRAT", number:"null", id:"40851", path:"/courses/40851", description:"This course focuses on the creation of competitive advantage in the multinational firm. It examines the nature of global competition by exploring the characteristics of global vs. non-global industries and strategies that have been successful in a global context. The course also considers issues regarding make, vs. buy, sourcing, location decisions, and alliances - all issues related to designing and coordinating the global value chain for maximum advantage. Additionally, the course examines how firms attempt to build a national presence, including examining the market entry decision, the role of the country manager, as well as design and human resource management policies in the multinational firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE AND CLINICAL PRACTICUM I", number:"null", id:"44682", path:"/courses/44682", description:"This didactic and clinical fieldwork course explores issues relevant to the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner within the complex U.S. health care system. Role development, reimbursement issues, provision of quality and ethical care and evidence-based nursing and medical interventions are introduced and discussed in the classroom. Clinical fieldwork focuses on assessment of complex acute, critical and chronically-ill patients for urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data, to evaluate for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions, development of differential diagnoses, application of diagnostic reasoning and formulation, implementation, evaluation and modification of individualized plans of care including pharmacological and non-pharmacological modalities. Development of advanced clinical competencies and clinical decision making abilities about adults across the age continuum is emphasized. .", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TUTORIAL IN LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"41662", path:"/courses/41662", description:"This tutorial allows students to deal in a concentrated manner with selected major topics in linguistics by means of extensive readings and research. Two topics are studied during the semester, exposing students to a range of sophisticated linguistic questions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO PHOTOGRAPHY: BLACK AND WHITE FILM", number:"null", id:"45157", path:"/courses/45157", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGY OF HUMAN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"35388", path:"/courses/35388", description:"Understanding how diseases disrupt the life of human individuals requires an appreciation of the genetic, biochemical, and cellular mechanisms that underlie normal human biology. After providing some of this basic information, in a form accessible to students in the humanities, social sciences and physical sciences, this course will focus on a selective group of human diseases, including inherited metabolic and neurological disorders, cancer, and viral infections. Presentations by experts in these areas will be followed by sessions discussing various aspects of each disease, including the biological basis of therapies and preventive methods including gene therapy, stem cells, and vaccines. This course is designed for non-majors and is open to both freshmen and upperclassmen.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN-AMERICAN LIT", number:"null", id:"41276", path:"/courses/41276", description:"An overview of Asian American literature from its beginnings at the turn of the twentieth century to the present. This course covers a wide range of Asian American novels, plays, and poems, situating them in the contexts of American history and minority communities and considering the variety of formal strategies these different texts take.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING EFFECTIVE TEAMS", number:"null", id:"41745", path:"/courses/41745", description:"This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve effectiveness. This course emphasizes class participation, readings, analytic and reflective writing, assessments, peer feedback and coaching, lectures simulations and an intensive field project. with a real team in the Philadelphia area. Four kinds of teams are the focus of study: teams of which you've been a member in the past; your 740 team, with three or four classmates; a team outside of 740 that your 740 Team will observe, analyze, and report on --your Host Team; and a team that you expect to be on in the future. The case material for learning and applying course concepts will be these teams that you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene - as leader, member, or consultant - to improve the performance, sustainability, an4 impact on the members of any team in any setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO SYNTAX", number:"null", id:"37441", path:"/courses/37441", description:"This course is an introduction to current syntactic theory, covering the principles that govern phrase structure (the composition of phrases and sentences), movement (dependencies between syntactic constituents), and binding (the interpretation of different types of noun phrases). Although much of the evidence discussed in the class will come from English, evidence from other languages will also play an important role, in keeping with the comparative and universalist perspective of modern syntactic theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"41949", path:"/courses/41949", description:"'What is philosophy? How does it differ from science, religion, literature, and other modes of human discourse? This course traces the origins of philosophy as a discipline in the Western tradition, looking to thinkers of Ancient Greece and Rome. We will examine how natural philosophers such as Thales, Anaximander, and Heraclitus distinguished their inquiries from the teachings of poets such as Homer and Hesiod; how ancient atomism had its origins in a response to Parmenides' challenge to the assumption that things change in the world; how Socrates reoriented the focus of philosophy away from the natural world and toward the fundamental ethical question, how shall I live? We will also examine how his pupil, Plato, and subsequently Aristotle, developed elaborate philosophical systems that address the nature of reality, knowledge, and human happiness. Finally, we will examine the ways in which later thinkers such as the Epicureans and Stoics transformed and extended the earlier tradition.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LOGIC & COMPUTABTY", number:"null", id:"37483", path:"/courses/37483", description:"Propositional logic: semantics, formal deductions, resolution method. First order logic: validity, models, formal deductions; Godel's completeness theorem, Lowenheim-Skolem theorem: cut-elimination, Herbrand's theorem, resolution method.Computability: finite automata, Turing machines, Godel's incompleteness theorems. Algorithmically unsolvable problems in mathematics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECN & GLOBAL ECONOM", number:"null", id:"42819", path:"/courses/42819", description:"This course is required for all students except those who, having prior training in macroeconomics, money and banking, and stabilization policy at an intermediate or advanced level, can obtain a waiver by passing an examination. The purpose of FNCE 613 is to train the student to think systematically about the current state of the economy and macroeconomic policy, and to be able to evaluate the economic environment within which business and financial decisions are made. The course emphasizes the use of economic theory to understand the workings of financial markets and the operation and impact of government policies. Specifically, the course studies the determinants of the level of national income, employment, investment, interest rates, the supply of money, inflation, exchange rates, and the formulation and operation of stabilization policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEOPLE & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"45018", path:"/courses/45018", description:"The built environment of a city is more than a mere backdrop; the design can actually affect people's experiences. Environmental design primarily focuses on the relationship between people and the built environment. It also looks at how the built environment interacts with the natural one (and the potential for greater sustainability). This course will allow students to gain a deeper understanding of how people create, perceive, and use the designed environment. We'll approach these concepts by analyzing design at a variety of scales, from products to interior design to architecture. Finally, using that knowledge, we'll conclude by analyzing urban spaces of the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3 DIMENSIONS:TIME/SPACE", number:"null", id:"36630", path:"/courses/36630", description:"Through studio projects, readings and class discussion, this class will begin to address, both conceptually and physically, basic 3D structures and translations between 3D and 2D, as well as materiality, experiential phenomena, light and time-based processes. The interconnection between mediums in our cultural climate employs a wide range of tools, processes, and ideas. It is imperative that visual studies students recognize and think through these connections. The work produced and ideas confronted in this class will facilitate discussions and constructive criticism on the fundamentalsof space and time via the experiential, conceptual, and the formal as essential elements of meaning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT & CLINICAL DEC. MAKING:NURS OF CHILDREN CLINICAL I", number:"null", id:"37690", path:"/courses/37690", description:"This clinical course is designed to help prospective advanced practice nurses develop advanced skills in physical and developmental assessment of children in a variety of well-child, clinic and hospital settings. Data collection, data interpretation, and hypothesis formulations are emphasized for the purpose of clinical decision making. The role of the advanced practice nurse in assessment of primary health care issues and health promotion is incorporated throughout the course. Collaboration as an integral part of assessment will be an ongoing focus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECON & FINCING-HLTHCR DL", number:"null", id:"44283", path:"/courses/44283", description:"The course provides an application of economic models to demand, supply, and their interaction in the medical economy. Influences on demand, especially health status, insurance coverage, and income will be analyzed. Physician decisions on the pricing and form of their own services, and on the advice they offer about other services, will be considered. Competition in medical care markets, especially for hospital services, will be studied. Special emphasis will be placed on government as demander of medical care services. Changes in Medicare and regulation of managed care are among the public policy issues to be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR GRAM & COMP", number:"null", id:"40027", path:"/courses/40027", description:"Intensive review of grammar integrated into writing practice. A good knowledge of basic French grammar is a prerequisite (French 202 or equivalent is recommended). Conducted entirely in French, the course will study selected grammatical difficulties of the French verbal and nominal systems including colloquial usage. Frequent oral and written assignments with opportunity for rewrites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL METROPOLIS", number:"null", id:"37995", path:"/courses/37995", description:"Although we no longer think of most U.S. cities as industrial cities, metropolitan areas today are all products of industrial economies, technologies, and social systems. This course explores the industrialization and deindustrialization of American cities within their evolving global context from the era of European colonization to the present. It includes weekly readings and discussion, regular response papers and walking tours, in- class exercises, and a research paper using primary sources. Themes include energy and ecology, labor and production, inner city and suburban development, globalization, and economic restructuring. Ultimately, the class aims to give students a broad knowledge of 1) the history of industrial capitalism, 2) its effects on cities and regions over the past three centuries, and 3) analytical tools for understanding the past, present, and future of metropolitan economies, geography, and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL MODULAR COURSE A: Lesson from Israeli Innovation", number:"null", id:"44537", path:"/courses/44537", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARMACOLOGY OF ANESTHETICS AND ACCESSORY DRUGS", number:"null", id:"40445", path:"/courses/40445", description:"This course explores the various routes of anesthetic administration addressing the potential benefits and risk of each. Special emphasis is placed on specific anesthetic agents and their appropriate use. The responses and common complications associated with these agents are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42644", path:"/courses/42644", description:"In this course we will use the tools of microeconomics to analyze the functioning of the health care system. We will draw from the sub-disciplines of information economics, industrial organization, labor economics, public economics, and behavioral economics. The primary goal is to use these tools to develop a critical analysis of the functioning of the health care system as well as of the policies aimed at improving it. We will learn about US specific institutional details and policies (most notably the Affordable Care Act), and we will compare them to other important international experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Business of Public Finance Investment Banking", number:"null", id:"38658", path:"/courses/38658", description:"This course examines the field of public finance in theory and in practice. The purpose of the course is to provide a detailed understanding of the many facets of and applications of finance in the public sector with a focus on public finance investment banking. The course will provide students with a broad-based and technical overview of public finance and municipal bonds as well as a thorough understanding of the business of public finance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39791", path:"/courses/39791", description:"This introductory course examines the multi-disciplinary science of law-making, law-breaking, and law-enforcing. It reviews theories and data predicting where, when, by whom and against whom crimes happen. It also addresses the prevention of different offense types by different kinds of offenders against different kinds of people. Police, courts, prisons, and other institutions are critically examined as both preventing and causing crime. This course meets the general distribution requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERGRAD METHODS SEM: Undergraduate Methods Seminar", number:"null", id:"36767", path:"/courses/36767", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF EDUCATION: Democracy and Education in Philadelphia", number:"null", id:"37745", path:"/courses/37745", description:"The philosophy of education asks questions about the foundational assumptions of our formal institutions for the reproduction of culture. It ranges therefore, from epistemology and philosophy of mind to ethics and political philosophy. For instance: What is the nature of learning and teaching? How is it possible to come to know something we did not know already--and how can we aid others in doing that? How, if at all, should formal institutions of education be concerned with shaping students' moral and civic character? What is the proper relation between educational institutions and the state? We also ask questions more specific to our own time and context. For example: how, in a multicultural state, should we educate students of varied social identities, like race, gender, and religion? What is the relationship between education and justice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - HEDGE FUNDS", number:"null", id:"41440", path:"/courses/41440", description:"This course will cover critical aspects and characteristics of hedge funds and the hedge fund industry. It will look at the legal foundations and structures of hedge funds including the primary regulations in the U.S. and abroad that are most relevant for hedge funds. It will also present the major hedge fund strategies, describe operation, control, administration, due diligence and valuation issues. Performance evaluation and investing in hedge funds from the investor's perspective will be discussed as will be issues of potential changes in regulation, risk management, and the use of leverage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"45317", path:"/courses/45317", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITIONAL ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42334", path:"/courses/42334", description:"This course will explore the significance as it relates to food behaviors and nutritional status in contemporary human populations. The topics covered will be examined from a biocultural perspective and include 1) definition and functions of nutrients and how different cultures perceive nutrients, 2) basic principles of human growth and development, 3) methods to assess dietary intake, 4) food taboos, 5) feeding practices of infants and children, 6) food marketing, 7) causes and consequences of under- and over-nutrition, and 8) food insecurity and hunger.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC REACTIONS", number:"null", id:"39669", path:"/courses/39669", description:"Introduction to advanced organic synthesis. Study of important synthetic reactions including: oxidations, reductions, and methods for the formation of carbon-carbon bonds, with an emphasis in chemoselectivity, stereoselectivity and asymmetric synthesis. Survey of modern methods for the synthesis of small, medium and large ring systems. Analysis of modern synthetic strategies, with illustrative examples from total synthesis of natural and unnatural products.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH ENG DESIGN PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"40287", path:"/courses/40287", description:"This capstone design project course is required of all mechanical engineering students. Student teams will design and test complex mechanical systems that address a societal or consumer need. Projects are devised by the team, sponsored by industry, or formulated by Penn professors. Each project is approved by the instructor and a faculty advisor. Topics treated in the course include project planning, prototyping, patent and library searches, intellectual property, ethics, and technical writing and presentations. The work is spread over MEAM 445 and MEAM 446.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MIDDLE EAST", number:"null", id:"43191", path:"/courses/43191", description:"This is the second half of the Near East sequence. This course surveys Islamic civilization from circa 600 (the rise of Islam) to the start of the modern era and concentrates on political, social, and cultural trends. Although the emphasis will be on Middle Eastern societies, we will occasionally consider developments in other parts of the world, such as sub-Saharan Africa, Central Asia, and Spain, where Islamic civilization was or has been influential. Our goal is to understand the shared features that have distinguished Islamic civilization as well as the varieties of experience that have endowed it with so much diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRESS & FASHION IN AFRCA", number:"null", id:"40889", path:"/courses/40889", description:"Throughout Africa, social and cultural identities of ethnicity, gender, generation, rank and status were conveyed in a range of personal ornamentation that reflects the variation of African cultures. The meaning of one particular item of clothing can transform completely when moved across time and space. As one of many forms of expressive culture, dress shape and give forms to social bodies. In the study of dress and fashion, we could note two distinct broad approaches, the historical and the anthropological. While the former focuses on fashion as a western system that shifted across time and space, and linked with capitalism and western modernity; the latter approach defines dress as an assemblage of modification the body. The Africanist proponents of this anthropological approach insisted that fashion is not a dress system specific to the west and not tied with the rise of capitalism. This course will focus on studying the history of African dress by discussing the forces that have impacted and influenced it overtime, such as socio-economic, colonialism, religion, aesthetics, politics, globalization, and popular culture. The course will also discuss the significance of the different contexts that impacted the choices of what constitute an appropriate", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: 20TH-CENT AMER LIT: THE COLORS OF LITERATURE, FROM POE TO COMICS", number:"null", id:"35680", path:"/courses/35680", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-Century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUM. METHODS FOR MACRO", number:"null", id:"44022", path:"/courses/44022", description:"This course covers topics of interest in macroeconomics. Two sections are offered: Markets with Frictions. This course studies allocations in markets with frictions, as described by the difficulty in finding a trading partner, private information problems, commitment issues, and so on. Applications to labor markets, monetary economics, the marriage market will be discused. The main technical tool will be search theory, but a liberal amount of calculus and other mathematics will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR CLASSIC ARABIC TXTS", number:"null", id:"36751", path:"/courses/36751", description:"This course aims to provide incoming graduate students and advanced undergraduate students with an introduction to issues in Arabic grammar and syntax that commonly arise in pre-modern Arabic texts. Students will also be introduced to, and expected to consult, the standard reference works used as aids in reading such texts. Students will be expected to prepare a text or set of texts assigned by the instructor for each session. It is intended that, upon completion of this course, students will be able to work independently with a wide variety of pre-modern Arabic texts. Although the texts in this course are pre-modern, the course reinforces MSA reading skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41691", path:"/courses/41691", description:"Point set topology: metric spaces and topological spaces, compactness, connectedness, continuity, extension theorems, separation axioms, quotient spaces, topologies on function spaces, Tychonoff theorem. Fundamental groups and covering spaces, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN MANDARIN I", number:"null", id:"36895", path:"/courses/36895", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed at least the intermediate level Chinese language course, or have studied the language for at least three years. The objective of this course is to consolidate the knowledge and skills students have acquired from their previous Mandarin Chinese classes and to enhance their oral expressive skills. By the end of the semester, students are expected to be able to carry on a conversation with a native Mandarin speaker on various common topics, including the current issues in China about its education, society, politics, culture, and history. Students will also learn how to gather information necessary for conducting oral presentations and speeches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN STSC: MARINE ECOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"36658", path:"/courses/36658", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Science, Technology, and Society Studies, the examination of how cultural, political, and social values affect scientific and technological innovation. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effectiver writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF MIND", number:"null", id:"37744", path:"/courses/37744", description:"This course will survey several central topics in philosophy of mind, as well as investigating how philosopy of the mind interacts with scientific study of the mind. Among the questions we'll be asking are: What is it to have a mind? What is the relationship between the mind and the brain? Can there be a science of the mind? What can it tell us? What can philosophy contribute to a science of the mind? What is consciousness? What is it to think, to perceive, to act? How are perception, thought, and action related to one another?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECN & GLOBAL ECONOM", number:"null", id:"44201", path:"/courses/44201", description:"This course is required for all students except those who, having prior training in macroeconomics, money and banking, and stabilization policy at an intermediate or advanced level, can obtain a waiver by passing an examination. The purpose of FNCE 613 is to train the student to think systematically about the current state of the economy and macroeconomic policy, and to be able to evaluate the economic environment within which business and financial decisions are made. The course emphasizes the use of economic theory to understand the workings of financial markets and the operation and impact of government policies. Specifically, the course studies the determinants of the level of national income, employment, investment, interest rates, the supply of money, inflation, exchange rates, and the formulation and operation of stabilization policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEAM LAB I", number:"null", id:"36085", path:"/courses/36085", description:"This is the second of a two-semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. The spring semester course follows closely with MEAM 203 and MEAM 211, expanding upon the principles of experimentation, measurement, analysis, and design of systems through hands-on laboratories and projects in thermodynamics and dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SIGNALING IN NEURONS: SIGNALING IN NERVE AND MUSCLE", number:"null", id:"42426", path:"/courses/42426", description:"This seminar based course will expand and deepen knowledge gained in BIBB 251 about excitability in the nervous system and about how synapses function. A new area of study will be skeletal and cardiac muscle which are both excitable tissues. A particular focus of the course will be the roles which calcium ions play as second messengers in nerve, muscle and synapse. We will learn about how calcium is handled in nerve and muscle and about the techniques used to study intracellular calcium. The later part of the course will have a journal club format, based on the reading and presentation of original papers. These will include papers on calcium related muscle diseases and on the integration of nerve and muscle signaling in animal motor behaviors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT PROP&BUS LAW FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"42627", path:"/courses/42627", description:"Engineers are often on the front line of innovation. The goal of this course is to introduce engineering students to the basics of Intellectual property (IP) and business laws that they will encounter throughout their careers. Understanding these laws is critical for the protection of IP and for the creation and success of high-tech start-up ventures. Market advantage in large part springs from a company's IP. Without legal protection and correct business formation, proprietary designs, processes, and inventions could be freely used by competitors, ruining market advantage. A basic understanding of IP laws, contractual transactions, employment agreements, business structures, and debt-equity financing will help engineering students to become effective employees or entrepreneurs, to acquire investors, and to achieve success. Though open to students of all disciplines, the course will use case studies particular relevance to students of engineering and applied science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODELING BIOL SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"36794", path:"/courses/36794", description:"This course will cover topics in systems biology at the molecular/cellular scale. The emphasis will be on quantitative aspects of molecular biology, with possible subjects including probabilistic aspects of DNA replication, transcription, translation, as well as gene regulatory networks and signaling. The class will involve analyzing and simulating models of biological behavior using MATLAB.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION, SOCIAL JUSTICE & URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"43596", path:"/courses/43596", description:"Urban development has been influenced by religious conceptions of social and economic justice. Progressive traditions within Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, Baha'i, Humanism and other religions and systems of moral thought have yielded powerful critiques of oppression and hierarchy as well as alternative economic frameworks for ownership, governance, production, labor, and community. Historical and contemporary case studies from the Americas, Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Middle East will be considered, as we examine the ways in which religious responses to poverty, inequality, and ecological destruction have generated new forms of resistance and development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"41989", path:"/courses/41989", description:"Entropy, temperature, and introduction to ensemble theory, distribution functions, and phase transitions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO COGNITIVE SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41131", path:"/courses/41131", description:"How do minds work? This course surveys a wide range of answers to this question from disciplines ranging from philosophy to neuroscience. The course devotes special attention to the use of simple computational and mathematical models. Topics include perception, learning, memory, decision making, emotion and consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIT OF AMERICAS BFR 1900: SLAVERY AND THE LITERARY IMAGINATION", number:"null", id:"42663", path:"/courses/42663", description:"This course examines U.S. literature and culture in the context of the global history of the Americas. Historical moments informing the course will range from the origins of the Caribbean slave-and-sugar trade at the beginning of the nineteenth century, to the Monroe Doctrine of 1823 and the U.S. Mexico and Spanish-American wars. Readings will include works by authors such as Frances Calderon de la Barca, Frederick Douglass, Helen Hunt Jackson, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Jose Marti, Herman Melville, John Rollin Ridge, Maria Amparo Ruiz de Burton, and Felix Varela.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"36662", path:"/courses/36662", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POWER & POL IN ORGANIZ", number:"null", id:"44509", path:"/courses/44509", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce you to the power dynamics in organizations. The course is designed so that you will learn concepts that areuseful for understanding, analyzing, and developing political skill. But beyond discovering ways to extend your own power in organizations, we will also uncover lessons about ways in which power and politics can blind you, and how to navigate situations in which you are up against powerful people. Using a range of scholarly articles, cases, exercises, assessments and simulations, we will extract a variety of lessons about power and politics in organizations. Topics include voice, issue selling, building coalitions and networks, coping with intolerable bosses and incivility, and downsizing. Students will be expected to engagein field research for their coursework and final paper, and the course requiresthat students submit assignments for almost every class session. Thematically, this course highlights how your relationships with organizational stakeholders and an understanding of the organizational context are crucial to successfully navigating the political terrain of organizations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BANKERS, ACTIVISTS, & GOVNT: THE MAKING OF URBAN HOUSING POLICY IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"36624", path:"/courses/36624", description:"This course examines how public policy influences housing markets and how markets influence public policy. The course reviews the development of housing policy since World War II and how shifts in policy have influenced people's ability to find suitable shelter. Topics include: poverty and affordability, residential segregation / civil rights in housing, the financial crisis of 2008, mortgage foreclosure, affordable housing, and homelessness. The course focuses on the changing roles of different levels of government in housing policy and how the financial sector, the construction industry, and non-governmental organizations influence Americans housing options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38163", path:"/courses/38163", description:"Properties of signals and systems; Examples of biological and biomedical signal and systems; Signal operations, continuous and discrete signals; Linear, time invariant systems; Time domain analysis; Systems characterized by linear constant-coefficient differential equations; Fourier analysis with applications to biomedical signals and systems; Introduction to filtering; Sampling and the sampling theorem. Examples vary from year to year, but usually include signals such as the ECG and blood pressure wave, principles of signal coding in the auditory system and cochlear implants, and simple applications in biomedical imaging.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"History of Russian Literary Language and Culture", number:"null", id:"37874", path:"/courses/37874", description:"This course examines the linguistic, literary, and social history of the Russian language from the medieval period to the modern day. Course topics include: the creation of the Slavic alphabets and the first literary language of the Slavs, Old Church Slavonic; the beginnings and development of writing and literacy in Old Russia; the evolution of the Russian literary language, its styles, and registers; grammatical categories of Russian; features of Russian lexicography; the social history and politics of language use; analysis of texts. Taught in Russian; readings in Russian & English; advanced language proficiency required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURO BASIS OF AUTISM", number:"null", id:"38204", path:"/courses/38204", description:"This course examines the neurobiological processes underlying autism spectrum disorders. In this seminar course, we will first examine the brain phenotypes associated with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD). in addition to investigating the genetic and environmental contributions to the etiology and pathophysiology of ASD. After an initial examination of the clinical literature and research, we will focus on animal models of ASD, including those of syndromic causes of autism (Rett Syndrome, Tuberous Sclerosis, Fragile X) and investigate changes in neurotransmitter systems and synaptic dysfunctions in the brain of these models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTONOMIC PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45102", path:"/courses/45102", description:"This course will introduce the student to the functioning of the autonomic nervous system (ANS), which is critically involved in the maintenance of body homeostasis through regulation of behavior and physiology. The course will begin with a review of the basic anatomy and physiology of the ANS including the sympathetic, parasympathetic and enteric divisions. The mechanisms by which the ANS regulates peripheral tissues will be discussed, including reflex and regulatory functions, as will the effect of drugs which modulate ANS activity. The role of the ANS in regulating behavior will be addressed in the context of thirst, salt appetite and food intake. MONDAY MEETING ONLY ON-LINE", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBE DIVERSTY&PATHOGN: MICROBIAL DIVERSITY & PATHOGENESIS", number:"null", id:"42445", path:"/courses/42445", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, virology, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM TURKISH II", number:"null", id:"36596", path:"/courses/36596", description:"This course is a continuation of TURK 021 and is designed to strengthen and extend students' listening, speaking, reading and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of Turkish people in Turkey. By the end of this course, students will be able to handle a variety of day to day needs in Turkish-speaking settings and engage in simple conversations. Students can expect to be able to order food and drinks, purchase things, and to be able to be familiar with current social topics. Students will be able to talk about all tenses, present, future, past, past continuous, make comparisons, describe people and things in detail, make travel plans, make reservations in hotels and holiday resorts, write complaint letters. By the end of the course, students will be able to talk about their studies and their plans for the future. Also, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them to understand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts. Students will learn practical life in Turkey and will explore Turkish culture on the internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EUROPEAN REVOLUTIONS", number:"null", id:"42944", path:"/courses/42944", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF OLDER ADULTS", number:"null", id:"40421", path:"/courses/40421", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of older adults. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern including the unique set of principles and body of knowledge and skills necessary to the practice of nursing with older adults. Students are provided with the theoretical background necessary to understand health system issues affecting older adults. Students will attain the knowledge necessary to complete a comprehensive assessment of the older adult's physical, functional, psychosocial, and cognitive capacities. Common problems associated with cardiovascular, respiratory, neurological, musculoskeletal, sensory, and genitourinary systems that affect older adults will be discussed. In addition, principles of continuity of care, rehabilitation, nutritional and pharmacodynamic changes, cultural diversity and ethics will be integrated throughout the course. Clinical experiences in acute care hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LITERATURE: COPYRIGHT AND CULTURE", number:"null", id:"37043", path:"/courses/37043", description:"An introduction to Writing about Literature, with emphasis on a particular theme, genre, or period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN REGRESSION", number:"null", id:"43539", path:"/courses/43539", description:"Function estimation and data exploration using extensions of regression analysis: smoothers, semiparametric and nonparametric regression, and supervised machine learning. Conceptual foundations are addressed as well as hands-on use for data analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CASE ANALYSIS IN CLINICAL NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"41848", path:"/courses/41848", description:"This course is designed for present and future nurse professionals who wish to increase their knowledge of nutrition and expertise and application of knowledge to achieve optimal health of clients and themselves. Principles of medical nutrition therapy in health care delivery are emphasized in periods of physiologic stress and metabolic alterations. Individual nutrient requirements are considered from pathophysiologic and iatrogenic influences on nutritional status. Nutritional considerations for disease states will be explored through epidemiological, prevalence, incidence, treatment and research data. Understanding application of medical nutrition therapy are included through case analysis and field experiences", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Think Like a Scientist: genetics and the scientific method", number:"null", id:"45293", path:"/courses/45293", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER CON LAW II", number:"null", id:"36402", path:"/courses/36402", description:"This course examines American constitutional development from the eve of WWI through the second Obama administration. Topics include the growth of the New Deal and a Great Society regulatory and redistributive state, struggles for equal rights for racial and ethnic minorities, women and GLBT Americans, contests over freedoms of religion and expression, criminal justice issues, the Reagan Revolution and the revival of federalism and property rights, and issues of national security powers after September 11, 2001. Lectures are on videos and class time is devoted to in-depth discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"40624", path:"/courses/40624", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and real estate capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two mid-terms, (depending on instructor). Cross-listed with FNCE 721.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UTOPIA AND ITS CRITICS", number:"null", id:"44835", path:"/courses/44835", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. Recent topics include: Globalization; Race & Criminal Justice; Democracy & Markets in Postcommunist Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"41684", path:"/courses/41684", description:"Syllabus for MATH 360-361: a study of the foundations of the differential and integral calculus, including the real numbers and elementary topology, continuous and differentiable functions, uniform convergence of series of functions, and inverse and implicit function theorems. MATH 508-509 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUB PRFM ART: GLOBAL AGE", number:"null", id:"36593", path:"/courses/36593", description:"This course will combine an intensive practical and intellectual investigation of some area of the making of theatre: performance techniques, theatrical styles, a particular period of theatre history. For the current topics contact the Theatre Arts office or visit the website.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGNING INTERVENTIONS TO PROMOTE HEALTH AND REDUCE HEALTH DISPARITIES", number:"null", id:"36292", path:"/courses/36292", description:"Advanced analysis, design and evaluation of interventions to promote health and reduce health disparities with a focus on underserved ulnerable minority or ethnic populations, through culturally competent research, education and clinical practice. Areas to be evaluated include: -- Health disparities as it relates to health promotion and disease prevention behavioral intervention research in vulnerable communities -- Concepts of marginalization, race, ethnicity, class, gender and culture as it relates to health disparities -- Social-psychological theoretical and research approaches related to developing culturally congruent health promotion interventions to reduce health disparities for vulnerable populations -- The use of elicitation, focus groups and ethnographic techniques to tailor health behavior theory to meet the needs of the population -- Culturally competent research methodologies, involving education and/or clinical practice, e.g. culturally competent measures, recruitment, retention, and informed consent in hard to reach populations", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL POPULATION BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42452", path:"/courses/42452", description:"Introduction to basic theoretical tools to study the evolutionary and ecological dynamics of populations. Topics to be discussed include: basic population dynamics and population genetics theory, evolutionary game theory/adaptive dynamics, social evolution (kin selection/multilevel selection), life-history evolution, and stochastic models. Other topics may be added based on the specific interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREP THROUGH ACQUIS.", number:"null", id:"41750", path:"/courses/41750", description:"MGMT 811 focuses on the theoretical, strategic, analytics, and practical issues of acquiring a business. Topics include: locating a business, due diligence, reviewing and analyzing data, valuation, raising capital/financing the deal, structuring the acquisition, letters of intent, contracts/asset purchase agreements, and integrating the target.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"40067", path:"/courses/40067", description:"This course is a continuation of GRMN 101 and is designed to strengthen and expand students' listening, speaking, reading, and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of German-speaking cultures. By the end of the course, students will be able to handle a variety of day-to-day needs in a German-speaking setting and engage in simple conversations about personally significant topics. Students can expect to be able to order food and beverages, purchase things, and to be familiar with the German university system, the arts, and current social topics. Students will begin to be able to talk aboutthe past and the future, make comparisons, describe people and things in increasing detail, make travel plans that include other European countries, and make reservations in hotels and youth hostels. By the end of the course students will be able to talk about their studies and about their dreams for the future. In In addition, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them tounderstand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY,OIL&GLOBAL WARMIN", number:"null", id:"36345", path:"/courses/36345", description:"The developed world's dependence on fossil fuels for energy production has extremely undesirable economic, environmental, and political consequences, and is likely to be mankind's greatest challenge in the 21st century. We describe the physical principles of energy, its production and consumption, and environmental consequences, including the greenhouse effect. We will examine a number of alternative modes of energy generation - fossil fuels, biomass, wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear - and study the physical and technological aspects of each, and their societal, environmental and economic impacts over the construction and operational lifetimes. No previous study of physics is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: GLOBAL CITIES", number:"null", id:"38020", path:"/courses/38020", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"43375", path:"/courses/43375", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to comparative political analysis. How can the political behavior, circumstances, institutions, and dynamic patterns of change that people experience in very different societies be analyzed using the same set of concepts and theories? Key themes include nationalism, political culture, democratization, authoritarianism, and the nature of protracted conflict.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES METHODS/PRAC IN IR", number:"null", id:"38782", path:"/courses/38782", description:"International Relations is concerned with both theory and practice so we employ a range of analytical tools to examine actors and events in world politics. The purpose of this course is to introduce students to the various research methods utilized by students and scholars in the field of IR including: case studies, historical - comparative and archival research, survey research, interviewing techniques, simulations, quantitative and statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"36442", path:"/courses/36442", description:"This course will review recent research that combines psychological, economic and neuroscientific approaches to study human and animal decision-making. A particular focus will be on how evidence about the neural processes associated with choices might be used to constrain economic and psychological theories of decision-making. Topics covered will include decisions involving risk and uncertainty, reinforcement learning, strategic interactions and games, and social preferences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED TURKISH II", number:"null", id:"36597", path:"/courses/36597", description:"Expands students writing and speaking competence in Turkish, increases vocabulary, and helps students' practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on role-plays and weekly readings and news reports from TV and newspapers. We create discussion groups and let them communicate through, threaded discussions, chat rooms and skype. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. They will have opportunity to practice and read about the cultural and historical issues and get prepared for an advanced level Turkish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ROMAN ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38344", path:"/courses/38344", description:"This course offers a chronological introduction to the archaeology of the Roman world from its origins as a village on the Tiber River to its eventual collapse as a world empire. It considers great monuments like the Coliseum and Nero's palace, to brothels and peasant huts. It will examine what Romans ate and how died, Roman economic systems, transportation, religion and other aspects of Roman material culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FEMINIST PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"41954", path:"/courses/41954", description:"This course is an introduction to feminist thought, both in theory and in practice. We will consider how feminist thought emerged and evolved, as well as how feminist theories respond to various intellectual, social and political challenges. Questions we will address include: What exactly is feminism? How does one's gender identity impact one's lived experiences? How should we revise, reformulate, or rethink traditional answers to politial and ethical issues in light of feminist theories? How can feminist analyses contribute to the development of better science, and our conceptions of knowledge?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLOQ. ARABIC LEVANTINE", number:"null", id:"43723", path:"/courses/43723", description:"A one-semester, introductory course to the spoken Arabic of one of the regions of the Arab world, chosen according to the dialect of instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE,HIST & CULTR II: ROMANTICS, REALISTS, AND REVOLUTIONARIES", number:"null", id:"43567", path:"/courses/43567", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice from the end of the Eighteenth-Century to the present, with an emphasis on interplay of mainstream practices with the newly emerging aesthetics of acting, scenography, and theatrical theory, and the interplay of popular entertainment and audiences with the self-defined aesthetic elitism of the Avant Garde. Among the aesthetics and phenomena we will examine are romanticism and melodrama; bourgeois realism and revolutionary naturalism; emotional-realist acting; the reaction against realism; political theatre; physical theatre; theatre and media; non-dramatic theatre; and theatre that challenges long-standing categories of national identity, empire, gender, and sexuality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELAST&MICROMECH OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"37500", path:"/courses/37500", description:"This course is targeted to engineering students working in the areas on micro/nanomechanics of materials. The course will start with a quick review of the equations of linear elasticity and proceed to solutions of specific problems such as the Hertz contact problem, Eshelby's problem etc. Failure mechanisms such as fracture and the fundamentals of dislocations/plasticity will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN & EAST EUROPEAN FILM AFTER WORLD WAR II", number:"null", id:"43456", path:"/courses/43456", description:"The purpose of this course is to present the Russian and East European contribution to world cinema in terms of film theory, experimentation with the cinematic language, and social and political reflex. We discuss major themes and issues such as means of visual propaganda and the cinematic component to the communist cultural revolutions, party ideology and practices of social-engineering, cinematic response to the emergence of the totalitarian state in Russia and its subsequent installation in Eastern Europe after World War II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG IN OIL,GAS&COAL", number:"null", id:"38503", path:"/courses/38503", description:"While conventional wisdom is that the world is running out of fossil fuels, technical advances such as deep water production, directional drilling, hydrofracturing, and the refining of non-conventional crude oil sources has increased the resource base significantly and there are well over 100 years of reserves of oil, natural gas and coal. The effect of technology advances has been most profound in the United States, where net energy imports are projected to fall to 12% of consumption by 2020. Excellent, highly technical careers are available in these industries, with opportunities to reduce their impact on the environment and in particular on climate change. The course will cover engineering technology in oil, natural gas and coal from production through end use. It will equip graduating students with the knowledge to contribute in these industries and to participate in informed debate about them", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIANS IN AMERICAN CINEMA", number:"null", id:"35480", path:"/courses/35480", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film History intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MANY LIVES OF DATA", number:"null", id:"44986", path:"/courses/44986", description:"This is a class about the live(s) and afterlives of information from 1850 to the present. Not only can information be reproduced (in a variety of material conditions); it can be repurposed and funneled through a variety of different applications, some of them serving radically different purposes than the first purpose of gathering it. Thoreau's journals of plant flowering, for instance, have become important indicators of climate change. More controversial is the sale of biomedical information by personal genomics services for drug discovery, or the construction of forensic databases consisting of the DNA of suspects arrested as a result of racial profiling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"40517", path:"/courses/40517", description:"This course is an introduction to philosopy in the ancient world. While today, philosophy is considered a branch of academic inquiry, many of the ancient Greeks and Romans, however, held a radically different conception of the discipline. For them, philosophy was nothing less than an entire way of life--not just a set of doctrines or arguments, but an orientation and set of lived practices, a conscious and continual reforming of the self in light of some principle or principles. In this course, we will examine the major movements and figures of ancient philosophy. Major figures will include Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, the Stoics, the Epicureans, and the Skeptics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO MACHINE LEARNING", number:"null", id:"41153", path:"/courses/41153", description:"Machine learning has been essential to the success of many recent technologies, including autonomous vehicles, search engines, genomics, automated medical diagnosis, image recognition, and social network analysis, among many others. This course will introduce the fundamental concepts and algorithms that enable computers to learn from experience, with an emphasis on their practical application to real problems. This course will introduce supervised learning (decision trees, logistic regression, support vector machines, Bayesian methods, neural networks and deep learning), unsupervised learning (clustering, dimensionality reduction), and reinforcement learning. Additionally, the course will discuss evaluation methodology and recent applications of machine learning, including large scale learning for big data and network analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VEN CAPITAL & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"37520", path:"/courses/37520", description:"This course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of a high-growth potential start-up company. The course is motivated by rapid increases in both the supply of and demand for private equity over the past two decades. The topic is addressed from two distinct perspectives: issues that relate to the demand for private equity and venture capital (the entrepreneur's perspective) on the one hand, and issues that relate to the supply of capital (the investor's perspective) on the other. As well, we will address management issues that relate to how the VC and the entrepreneur work together once an investment has been made, compensation issues, and governance issues in the privately held venture capital backed company. 

Format: Case/discussion format, supplemented by lectures and guest speakers. 

Requirements: Classroom participation, written case assignments, late midterm. 

Materials: Required coursepack and supplemental recommended reading.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37278", path:"/courses/37278", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY LITERARY CRIT: LIT THEORY ANC TO MODERN", number:"null", id:"42580", path:"/courses/42580", description:"This is a course on the history of literary theory, a survey of major debates about literature, poetics, and ideas about what literary texts should do, from ancient Greece to examples of modern European thought. The first half of the course will focus on early periods: Greek and Roman antiquity, especially Plato and Aristotle; the medieval period (including St. Augustine, Dante, and Boccaccio), and the early modern period ( such as Philip Sidney and Giambattista Vico). We'll move into modern and 20th century by looking at the literary (or 'art') theories of some major philosophers, artists, and poetsKant, Hegel, Shelley, Marx, the painter William Morris, Freud, and the critic Walter Benjamin. We'll end with a look at Foucault's work. The point of this course is to consider closely the Western European tradition which generated questions that are still with us, such as: what is the 'aesthetic'; what is 'imitation' or mimesis; how are we to know an author's intention; and under what circumstances should literary texts ever be censored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIO FRQ INT. CIRC. DES", number:"null", id:"44141", path:"/courses/44141", description:"Introduction to RF (Radio Frequency) and Microwave Theory, Components, and Systems. The course aims at providing knowledge in RF transceiver design at both microwave and millimeter-wave frequencies. Both system and circuit level perspective will be addressed, supported by modeling and simulation using professional tools (including Agilent ADS, Sonnet, and Cadence Design Systems). Topics include: Transmission Line Theory, S-parameters, Smith Chart for matching network design, stability, noise, and mixed signal design. RF devices covered will include: hybrid/Wilkinson/Lange 3dB couplers, Small Signal Amplifiers (SSA), Low Noise Amps (LNA), and Power Amps (PA). CMOS technology will be largely used to design the devices mentioned.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST FOREIGN AID IN AFRC", number:"null", id:"35938", path:"/courses/35938", description:"This course examines the history, politics, and significance of foreign aid to Africa since the late 19th century. While we do not typically think about the European colonial period in Africa in terms of 'foreign aid,' that era introduced ideas and institutions which formed the foundations for modern aid policies and practices. So we start there and move forward into more contemporary times. In addition to examining the objectives behind foreign assistance and the intentions of donors and recipients, we will look at some of the consequences (intended or unintended) of various forms of foreign aid to Africa over the past century. While not designed to be a comprehensive history of development theory, of African economics, or of international aid organizations, the course will touch on all of these topics. Previous course work on Africa is strongly advised.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT STORY COLLECTIONS", number:"null", id:"38631", path:"/courses/38631", description:"This course is intended for those with no prior background in folklore or knowledge of various cultures. Texts range in age from the first century to the twentieth, and geographically from the Middle East to Europe to the United States. Each collection displays various techniques of collecting folk materials and making them concerete. Each in its own way also raises different issues of genre, legitimacy, canon formation, cultural values and context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFO & BUS TRANSFRM: ONLINE INNOVATION: NEW PATTERNS OF POWER AND PROFIT", number:"null", id:"41931", path:"/courses/41931", description:"Information technology has transformed many industries, including media, financial services, and retailing, among others. These technologies have changed not only how we produce services (e.g., outsourcing and offshoring, and their newest extension, cloud computing) but what services we offer (virtual experiences, online advertising, long tail products and services, and social networking). The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of how information technologies enable transformation of business models within existing organizations as well as the development of completely new business models and new organizational forms. The course will serve as an introductory course on information technologies and will serve as a foundation on which students can explore more advanced technology concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF SPORT", number:"null", id:"39148", path:"/courses/39148", description:"This is an introductory philosophy course that uses philosophical tools to understand and answer questions that arise in and about sports. The central question to be answered is what constitutes cheating in sports, especially by methods that enhance athletic performance. Other topics may include the nature of competition in sport, the appropriate competitors in sporting events, and the ethics of team loyalty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH BIO CATALYSIS", number:"null", id:"38273", path:"/courses/38273", description:"Reaction mechanisms in biological (enzymes, abzymes, ribozymes) and biomimetic systems with emphasis on principles of catalysis, role of coenzymes, kinetics, and allosteric control.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY & THEORY OF COMMUNITY ORGANIZING", number:"null", id:"42229", path:"/courses/42229", description:"Power is the ability to create change. This course will integrate the history and theories of community organizing so that each student will be able to develop a transformational praxis. We will examine social inequality and intersectionality, and explore effective strategies in organizing for social change. This course is inter-disciplinary, involving political economy, sociology, history, social work and leadership theory. Inquiry-based and problem-posing methods will serve as the primary means of formative assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Portrayal of Youth in Modern Spanish Literature and Film", number:"null", id:"39351", path:"/courses/39351", description:"This course covers topics in contemporary Spanish Culture, its specific emphasis varying with the instructor. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the course description: course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"37503", path:"/courses/37503", description:"Three-Dimensional Geometry: Introduction to Reference Frames, Geometry of Rotations of Reference Frames and of Vectors, Euler Angle, Axis-Angle Representations, Properties of Rotation Matrices. Kinematics: Kinematics of Rigid-Body Motion, Rotations, Angular Velocity and Acceleration, Linear Velocity and Acceleration, Applications to Planar Linkage Analysis. Constraints: Configuration Space, Holonomic and Non-holonomic Constraints, Degrees of Freedom, Tests for Holonomic versus Non-holonomic Constraints, Generalized Coordinates, Generalized Speeds, Partial Speeds, Partial Velocities, Principle of Virtual Work for Holonomic and Non-holonomic systems. Constraint Forces: Virtual Work, D'Alembert Equations, Lagrange's Equations for Non-holonomic systems. Distribution of Mass: Center-of-Mass, Vector and Scalar Moments of Inertia. Vector Spaces: Operators, Dyads, Dyadic, Moment-of-Inertia Tensor, Rigid Bodies. Dynamics: Kinetic Energy and Angular Momentum, Lagrangian/Hamiltonian Mechanics and Conservation Laws, Poisson Brackets and Constants of the Motion, Kane-Lagrange Equations with Non-Holonomic Constraints, Kane-Lagrange Equations, Null Spaces and Computing Constraint Forces. Variational Calculus: The Principle of Least Action, A Study of Small Perturbations and Linear Stability Analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"44462", path:"/courses/44462", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOGRAPHY AND THE NOVEL", number:"null", id:"37239", path:"/courses/37239", description:"Please check the French department's website for the course description. https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY I: Theoretical Perspectives.", number:"null", id:"41083", path:"/courses/41083", description:"An advanced course for students who have had AP Chemistry in high school. Included in the course coverage are: quantum mechanics of atoms, molecules and crystalline solids; statistical mechanics of gases, liquids, and solids; and coordination chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METROP GROWTH & POVERTY", number:"null", id:"42136", path:"/courses/42136", description:"This course analyzes the role of metropolitan regions in the U.S. and global economies, including the sources of metropolitan productivity, the ways that metropolitan structures affect residents, and analyses of public policy in metropolitan areas. The economic, political, and social forces that have shaped World War II urban and regional development are explored, including technology, demography, and government. Special attention is paid to how metropolitan change affects residents by income and race. Topics include: gentrification, schools, suburbanization, sprawl, metropolitan fragmentation, concentration of poverty, race, and various economic revitalization initiatives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY PHIL: Enhancing the Human Mind through Technology", number:"null", id:"40523", path:"/courses/40523", description:"Transhumanists seek to extend the capacities of the human mind beyond the bounds of the human brain and body through technology. Indeed, for them, such an extension of human thinking and feeling represents the next big step in human cognitive evolution. In this course, we will examine the philosophical conception of a mind that underpins this movement to extend the human mind beyond human biology. Through an examination of the hypothesis that there can be non-biological thinking and feeling, we consider whether technologies that enable or enhance human mental faculties might one day completely supplant the biological machinery of the human body. We will also consider the moral issues surrounding the creation of transhumans. The questions that we consider in this course will get to the heart of what it means to possess a human mind and indeed to be a human being.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAPHIC DESIGN WITH CREATIVE TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"41397", path:"/courses/41397", description:"The aim of this course is to introduce students creative ways to use color, typography, and layout across new materials and media, ranging from print to physical objects. Students will explore visual design through a set of assignments and projects that are geared towards exploring the role of design in visual arts, interaction design, media design and architecture. The course introduces a number of design concepts such as content organization, navigation, interaction and data-driven design and show ways to develop new design metaphors, presentation techniques, and imagery using old and new technologies. course is structured as a combination of lectures and hands on workshops where students will have the chance to work both individually and collaboratively to realize their projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENT AND DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"45298", path:"/courses/45298", description:"Thinking, judgment, and personal and societal decision making, with emphasis on fallacies and biases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE REFORM AND THE FUTURE OF THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"37288", path:"/courses/37288", description:"This course will provide students a broad overview of the current U.S. healthcare system. The course will focus on the challenges facing the health care system, an in-depth understanding of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and of its potential impact upon health care access, delivery, cost, and quality as well as its effect on firms within the health care sector. The course will examine potential reforms, including those offered by liberals and conservatives and information that can be extracted from health care systems in other developed countries. 

The course will also explore key facets of the ACA, including improving access to care and health insurance exchanges, improving quality and constraining costs through health care delivery system reforms, realigning capacity through changes in the health care workforce and in medical education, the potential impact on biomedical and other innovations, and the impact on economic outcomes such as employment, wage growth, and federal budget deficits. The course will also examine the political context and process of passing major legislation in general and health care legislation in particular, including constitutional arguments surrounding the Affordable Care Act. Throughout the course, the key lessons will integrate the disciplines of health economics, health and social policy, law and political science to elucidate key principles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE NEOLITHIC REVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"35283", path:"/courses/35283", description:"The advent of food production/agriculture in prehistory, sometimes referred to as the 'Neolithic Revolution,' represents key economic, social, and biological transitions for human groups. Food production was characterized by the possibility for the accumulation of food surpluses, which could be used as a form of wealth. It also resulted in the reorganization of social and ritual life as people settled more permanently in villages or were involved in pastoral lifeways. Additionally, densely packed living conditions and a close association with domesticated animals led to the spread of diseases, and new forms of labor related to farming tasks, as well as diets focused on a narrower range of foods, created biological stresses in these populations. This course examines several examples of the 'Neolithic Revolution' throughout the world, including the Middle East, China, Europe, Mesoamerica, South America, and the North American Southwest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN SOCI: GOOD JOBS, BAD JOBS", number:"null", id:"40819", path:"/courses/40819", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MODELS", number:"null", id:"39923", path:"/courses/39923", description:"This first course in decision models will introduce students to quantitative models for decision making, using optimization and monte-carlo simulation. Examples will be drawn from manufacturing, finance, logistics and supply chain management. Students will use EXCEL and @Risk to build and analyze models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONS, NATIONALISM & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"35295", path:"/courses/35295", description:"This course explores historical and ethnographic approaches to the diverse forms of nations and nationalism in the world. Course discussions will begin by examining how capitalism contributed to the formation of a nationalist bourgeois class and how this 'historical' class took a key role in creating the concepts of nation, national territory and unified national market. We will investigate how people and local communities reacted to the changes caused by these spreading ideas. By reading about the various forms and ideas of nation and nationalism, students can understand how the unique conditions of a specific locale have affected their formation, sometimes with destructive consequences, examining cases both from 'the West' and 'the rest'. In the case of the West we will firstly look into the constructive role of bourgeois class during the French Revolution and how they created the ideal form of a nation, which has clearly divided national territories, a national language and a national education system, army, and most of all, a unified national market. Later we will discuss how the image of the ideal nation has been transferred to other places and transformed according to the specific local situations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"40694", path:"/courses/40694", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevanat to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"38811", path:"/courses/38811", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 011. This course aims to further develop the four language skills of students to the novice-high level by building on materials covered in KORN 011. Students will learn how to use three speech styles (polite formal, informal, and intimate) appropriately in a given context. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to handle simple and elementary needs of daily lives and talk (and write) about a variety of topics such as family, college life, birthday celebration, shopping, Korean food, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERGING ECONS: Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", number:"null", id:"39439", path:"/courses/39439", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIPSTER PHILOSOPHY FROM MARX TO ZIZEK", number:"null", id:"40065", path:"/courses/40065", description:"From Wes Anderson to Williamsburg, hipster culture is everywhere. And yet the very notion of the hipster remains notoriously difficult to define--whether we perceive this cultural phenomenon as the waste product of the postmodern, as a new form of consumerism, as a peculiar attitude toward irony and authenticity, as scenester posturing or as just plain cool. This course addresses such tensions through an examination of the intellectual history of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Each week pairs philosophical and theoretical readings with an artifact of hipster culture: reading Instagram beside Walter Benjamin, ironic facial hair with Friedrich Nietzsche, Facebook through the lens of Georg Lukacs and indie music alongside Theodor Adorno. No previous knowledge of skinny jeans required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
