CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL POPULATION BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38230", path:"/courses/38230", description:"Introduction to basic theoretical tools to study the evolutionary and ecological dynamics of populations. Topics to be discussed include: basic population dynamics and population genetics theory, evolutionary game theory/adaptive dynamics, social evolution (kin selection/multilevel selection), life-history evolution, and stochastic models. Other topics may be added based on the specific interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"44548", path:"/courses/44548", description:"Marketing begins and ends with the customer, from determining customers' needs and wants to providing customer satisfaction and maintaining customer relationships. This course examines the basic concepts and principles in customer behavior with the goal of understanding how these ideas can be used in marketing decision making. The class will consist of a mix of lectures, discussions, cases, assignments, project work and exams. Topics covered include customer psychological processes (e.g., motivation, perception, attitudes, decision-making) and their impact on marketing (e.g., segmentation, branding, and customer satisfaction). The goal is to provide you with a set of approaches and concepts to consider when faced with a decision involving understanding customer responses to marketing actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL IMMERSION PROGRAM: China (Pass/No Credit course)", number:"null", id:"40842", path:"/courses/40842", description:"The Global Immersion Program is a pass/fail, 0.5 credit course that is designed to provide students with an in-depth exposure to international business practices and first-hand insights into a foreign culture. In past years, programs were offered in India, the Middle East, China, South America, Southeast, Asia, and Africa. The program offers studentsthe opportunity to learn about a foreign business environment by way of academic lectures and a multi-week study tour, allowing students to visit with corporate and government officials, network with alumni, and take cultural excursions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3 DIMENSIONS:TIME/SPACE", number:"null", id:"43606", path:"/courses/43606", description:"Through studio projects, readings and class discussion, this class will begin to address, both conceptually and physically, basic 3D structures and translations between 3D and 2D, as well as materiality, experiential phenomena, light and time-based processes. The interconnection between mediums in our cultural climate employs a wide range of tools, processes, and ideas. It is imperative that visual studies students recognize and think through these connections. The work produced and ideas confronted in this class will facilitate discussions and constructive criticism on the fundamentalsof space and time via the experiential, conceptual, and the formal as essential elements of meaning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH ENG DESIGN PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"38907", path:"/courses/38907", description:"This is the second course in the two course sequence involving the capstone design project. See MEAM 445 for course description.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CONV/COMP II", number:"null", id:"44899", path:"/courses/44899", description:"Primary emphasis on speaking, writing, and listening. Development of advanced conversational skills needed to carry a discussion or to deliver a complex narrative. This course will be based on a wide variety of topics from everyday life to the discussion of political and cultural events. Russian culture and history surveyed briefly. Materials include Russian TV broadcast, newspapers, Internet, selected short stories by contemporary Russian writers. Offered each spring.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41246", path:"/courses/41246", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"40277", path:"/courses/40277", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC MENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"37657", path:"/courses/37657", description:"Forensic mental health is the interface between the law and mental health. This course examines the components of human behavior that bring people into a judicial setting. Content will cover: criminal personalities, forensic interview, and the role of forensic psychiatry. Domestic violence offenders, sex offenders, stalkers, gang members, and offenders who commit homicide will be discussed. Definitions and dynamics of criminal motherhood and the psychodynamics of violent juvenile offenders will be presented. Use of the internet by offenders will also be discussed. This course also offers a field experience in which student's interview incarcerated individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKT/SOC SYS ON INTERNET", number:"null", id:"43206", path:"/courses/43206", description:"Want to understand the sociological and algorithmic aspects of friend recommendation? Want to know how Google decides what 10 answers to return, out of the 10 million matching results? Want to understand how search engines have revolutionized advertising? Then this is the course for you! NETS 150 provides an overview of the issues, theoretical foundations, and existing techniques in networks (social, information, communication) and markets on the Internet. Subsequent NETS courses are available for students wishing to explore any of these topics in greater detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLARIZATION", number:"null", id:"36397", path:"/courses/36397", description:"Are ordinary Americans polarized? What about political elites? Is there any connection between mass and elite polarization? What do we even mean when we say some group is 'polarized'? This class will explore these questions in some detail, and try to sort out all of the discussions about polarizations, red states and blue states, and the like.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TELEVISION AND NEW MEDIA", number:"null", id:"42668", path:"/courses/42668", description:"As a complex cultural product, television lends itself to a variety of critical approaches that build-on, parallel, or depart from film studies. This introductory course in television studies begins with an overview of the medium's history and explores how technical and industrial changes correspond to developing conventions of genre, programming, and aesthetics. Along the way, we analyze key concepts and theoretical debates that shaped the field. In particular, we will focus on approaches to textual analysis in combination with industry research, and critical engagements with the political, social and cultural dimensions of television as popular culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"40278", path:"/courses/40278", description:"This lecture course and a companion laboratory course (MEAM 147) build upon the concepts of Newtonian (classical) mechanics and their application to engineered systems. This course introduces students to mechanical principles that are the foundation of upper-level engineering courses including MEAM 210 and 211. The three major parts of this course are: I. Vector Mechanics; II. Statics and Structures; and III. Kinematics and Dynamics. Topics include: vector analysis, statics of rigid bodies, introduction to deformable bodies, friction, kinematics of motion, work and energy, and dynamics of particles. Case studies will be introduced, and the role of Newtonian mechanics in emerging applications including bio- and nano- technologies will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Hybrid Science: Nature, health, and society in Latin America", number:"null", id:"44984", path:"/courses/44984", description:"What role did science and medicine play in the creation and growth of the Spanish and Portuguese empires? And why was the creation of science and health institutions crucial to the revolutionary movements for independence in Latin America? This course examines science and medicine in Latin America by attending to the ways that knowledge of nature and health has been central to the political struggles of the countries in this region. A crucial dynamic shaping the history and culture of this region is the interplay between the healing practices and cosmologies of European settlers, indigenous Americans, and the descendants of African slaves. Bearing this interplay in mind, this course explores how Latin America has been a fertile site of scientific creativity. It also examines the ways in which Latin American scientists and medical experts have refashioned concepts and practices from Europe and North America to fit local circumstances.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATING TERROR; POLITICAL VIOLENCE AND MEDIA", number:"null", id:"36978", path:"/courses/36978", description:"The course explores Black women's involvement in the television industry as actors and content creators, beginning in the 1950s with Beulah and then transitions throughout the decades into the contemporary moment with Black women's presence in unscripted programs, dramas and web series. The course engages Black feminist debates about Black women's representation in media, and interrogates the cultural and political conditions, and industry discourses and practices that coincide with many of the shifts in Black women's visibility on and in television.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"38042", path:"/courses/38042", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDATIONS OF LEADERSHP", number:"null", id:"38412", path:"/courses/38412", description:"The goal of EAS 595 is to increase your capacity to effectively lead throughout your career and wherever you find yourself in an organization. This involves understanding and learning about yourself and about working effectively with others. The course starts with an identification of values, strengths, preferences and passions. It then proceeds with the personal and interpersonal and moves through the strategic aspects o f leadership by bringing together aspects of management science, social psychology, psychology of personality and behavioral economics. Topics include teamwork and team dynamics, identifying life's goals and dreams , decision making, valuing differences, understanding the dynamics of influence, using power with integrity, giving and receiving feedback, leading change, and discovering where we can make our contribution.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE AND CLINICAL PRACTICUM I", number:"null", id:"36268", path:"/courses/36268", description:"This didactic and clinical fieldwork course explores issues relevant to the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner within the complex U.S. health care system. Role development, reimbursement issues, provision of quality and ethical care and evidence-based nursing and medical interventions are introduced and discussed in the classroom. Clinical fieldwork focuses on assessment of complex acute, critical and chronically-ill patients for urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data, to evaluate for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions, development of differential diagnoses, application of diagnostic reasoning and formulation, implementation, evaluation and modification of individualized plans of care including pharmacological and non-pharmacological modalities. Development of advanced clinical competencies and clinical decision making abilities about adults across the age continuum is emphasized. .", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L LAW & INSTITUTIONS", number:"null", id:"36390", path:"/courses/36390", description:"This lecture course examines the role that international law and institutions play in international relations. The course begins by exploring broad theoretical questions - questions about why states create international law and international institutions; how states design institutions; the impact that institutional design may have on the effectiveness of international institutions; and the conditions under which states are likely to comply with the rules set out by international institutions and the dictates of international law. Specific topics include collective security institutions such as the League of Nations, the United Nations, and NATO; human rights law; the laws of war; international intervention and peacekeeping; international justice and the International Criminal Court; environmental law; international trade law and the World Trade Organization; economic development and the World Bank; and international finance and the role of the International Monetary Fund.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROBOTICS", number:"null", id:"39722", path:"/courses/39722", description:"This introductory course will present basic principles of robotics with an emphasis to computer science aspects. Algorithms for planning and perception will be studied and implemented on actual robots. While planning is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence and decision making, robot planning refers to finding a path from A to B in the presence of obstacles and by complying with the kinematic constraints of the robot. Perception involves the estimation of the robots motion and path as well as the shape of the environment from sensors. In this course, algorithms will be implemented in Python on mobile platforms on ground and in the air. No prior experience with Python is needed but we require knowledge of data structures, linear algebra, and basic probability.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES WRIT SEM CULTURAL:  Critical Writing II", number:"null", id:"43636", path:"/courses/43636", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE FANTASTIC VOYAGE FROM HOMER TO SCIENCE FICTION", number:"null", id:"41452", path:"/courses/41452", description:"Please see the French website for the course description. http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/french/undergraduate/courses.html", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS & POPULAR CULT.", number:"null", id:"38460", path:"/courses/38460", description:"This is a workshop-oriented course that will concentrate on all aspects of writing about artistic endeavor, including criticism, reviews, profiles, interviews and essays. For the purposes of this class, the arts will be interpreted broadly, and students will be able -- and, in fact, encouraged -- to write about both the fine arts and popular culture. Students will be doing a great deal of writing throughout the course, but the main focus will be a 3000-word piece about an artist or arts organization in Philadelphia (or another location approved by the instructor) that will involve extensive reporting, interviews and research. Potential subjects can range from a local band to a museum, from a theater group to a comedian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE URDU II", number:"null", id:"43601", path:"/courses/43601", description:"This continuing second-year course allows students to continue improving their Urdu proficiency while also gaining a broad foundational understanding of Urdu society and culture throughout South Asia. The course provides students the tools needed to handle a variety of authentic written and spoken Urdu sources including film, music, media reports, folk tales, and simple literature. Students will also continue to increase their speaking and writing proficiency to be able to discuss a broad range of concrete, real-world topics. The course is designed for students with one year of previous Urdu or Hindi study or the equivalent proficiency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTHY SCHOOLS", number:"null", id:"39225", path:"/courses/39225", description:"This Fox Leadership and academically based community service seminar will use course readings and students' own observations and interviews in their service learning projects in West Philadelphia schools to analyze the causes and impact of school health and educational inequalities and efforts to address them. Course readings will include works by Jonathan Kozol, studies of health inequalities and their causes, and studies of No Child Left Behind, the CDC's School Health Index, recess, school meal, and nutrition education programs. Course speakers will help us examine the history, theories, politics and leadership behind different strategies for addressing school-based inequalities and their outcomes. Service options will focus especially on the West Philadelphia Recess Initiative. Other service options will include work with Community School Student Partnerships and the Urban Nutrition Initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLVING NURSING SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39098", path:"/courses/39098", description:"A consideration of contemporary nursing research as it pertains to the current state of the art and directions for future study. Advanced analysis of methodology, assumptions, and theoretical structures that underpin the work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG DATA, BIG RESP.", number:"null", id:"44423", path:"/courses/44423", description:"Significant technologies always have unintended consequences, and their effects are never neutral. A world of ubiquitous data, subject to ever more sophisticated collection, aggregation, and analysis, creates massive opportunities for both financial gain and social good. It also creates dangers in areas such as privacy, security, discrimination, exploitation, and inequality, as well as simple hubris about the effectiveness of management by algorithm. Firms that anticipate the risks of these new practices will be best positioned to avoid missteps. This course introduces students to the legal, policy, and ethical dimensions of big data, predictive analytics, and related techniques. It then examines responses-both private and governmental-that may be employed to address these concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"39053", path:"/courses/39053", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE ACQUISITION", number:"null", id:"41661", path:"/courses/41661", description:"An introduction to language acquisition in children and the development of related cognitive and perceptual systems. Topics include the nature of speech perception and the specialization to the native language; the structure and acquisition of words; children's phonology; the development of grammar; bilingualism and second language acquisition; language learning impairments; the biological basis of language acquisition; the role in language learning in language change. Intended for any undergraduate interested in the psychology and development of language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AKKADIAN HIST TEXTS", number:"null", id:"36706", path:"/courses/36706", description:"Readings in Akkadian historical texts from ancient Mesopotamia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOETHICS", number:"null", id:"44345", path:"/courses/44345", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the fundamental principles of bioethics and the many ethical issues that arise in the rapidly changing fields of biomedicine and the life sciences. The first half of the course will provide an overview of the standard philosophical principles of bioethics, using clinical case studies to help illustrate and work through these principles. In the second half of the course we will focus on recent biomedical topics that have engendered much public controversy including diagnostic genetics, reproductive technologies and prenatal screening, abortion, physician assisted suicide, human experiments, and end of life decision making. We will use the principles learned in the first half of the course to systematically think through these bioethical issues, many of which affect our everyday lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ETHICS: PHILOSOPHY OF LOVE & SEX", number:"null", id:"40525", path:"/courses/40525", description:"This course examines some of the central theoretical and applied questions of ethics. For example, what is the good life? By what measure or principles do we evaluate the rightness and wrongness of actions? How does ethical reasoning help us understand and address real world problems such as world hunger, social injustice, sex and race discrimination, allocation of scare resources and the like. The course can be organized around an applied topic or practical issue such as global ethics, just war, biomedical ethics or environmental ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"42558", path:"/courses/42558", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Python and Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"44820", path:"/courses/44820", description:"This course surveys the institutional development of the American presidency from the Constitutional convention through the current administration. It examines the politics of presidential leadership, and how the executive branch functions. An underlying theme of the course is the tensions bewteen the presidency, leadership, and democracy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CITIES,SUBURBS,REGIONS", number:"null", id:"39417", path:"/courses/39417", description:"This course will explore the political, economic, social, and demographic forces impacting development patterns in metropolitan areas, with a particular focus on Philadelphia. We will examine the government policies, economic forces, and social attitudes that affect the way a region grows, and the impact of these forces on poverty, equity and segregation. Specific topics to be discussed include the factors that make a region competitive, the city's changing role in the region, the impact place has on opportunity, and approaches to revitalizing and improving communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS AND POPULAR CULTURE:  THE BEATLES", number:"null", id:"44058", path:"/courses/44058", description:"A creative writing workshop that concentrates on various aspects of writing about artistic endeavor, including criticism, reviews, profiles, interviews and essays. For the purposes of this class, the arts will be interpreted broadly, and students are able -- and, in fact, encouraged -- to write about both the fine arts and popular culture, including music, theater, film, fashion, photography and television. Students will write on a weekly basis, and many assignments will be tailored to each student's individual interests and are likely to include reporting and research. Writing subjects can range from a local band to a museum, from a theater group to a comedian. Course offerings may inclue Writing about Music, Writing about Popular Culture, or other topics and themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECT FROM MODERN MATH", number:"null", id:"36077", path:"/courses/36077", description:"Topics will vary from year to year, and will draw on a variety of mathematical ideas that tie together areas such as algebra, analysis, geometry-topology, mathematical physics, combinatorics, logic, and computation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL FRANCE", number:"null", id:"38654", path:"/courses/38654", description:"Please check the department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED WHEEL STUDIO", number:"null", id:"37171", path:"/courses/37171", description:"This course teaches students more advanced wheel throwing techniques while helping to develop their critical skills in other areas of ceramic work. Students will learn to throw, employing larger masses of clay, and to increase the complexity of their work by combining and altering thrown parts. There will be an emphasis on experimentation in surface treatment and design, the goal of which is to expand a student's ability to create more complicated and personalized clay works. In addition to learning the technical knowledge, there will be critical discussions of contemporary ceramics issues through image presentations, reading materials and field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EFFECTS OF CANCER AND CANCER THERAPY", number:"null", id:"43263", path:"/courses/43263", description:"Principles of cancer treatment, associated responses and symptom management are presented. Emphasis is on the development of advanced clinical decision making skills in identifying multiple alterations resulting from cancer and cancer therapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EFFECTS OF CANCER AND CANCER THERAPY", number:"null", id:"36266", path:"/courses/36266", description:"Principles of cancer treatment, associated responses and symptom management are presented. Emphasis is on the development of advanced clinical decision making skills in identifying multiple alterations resulting from cancer and cancer therapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"37799", path:"/courses/37799", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the politics of the Peoples Republic of China. Complementing offerings in other departments, this course emphasizes events in the period since the Chinese Communist Party established its regime in 1949. In addition to surveying the political history of contemporary China, we will assess the meaning of these events by drawing upon theories about the nature and significance of ideology and organization in communist regimes, factionalism and its relationship to policy formulation and implementation, and general issues of political and economic development. Although the principal focus is on the domestic politics of the PRC, the course includes several lectures examining Chinas international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR DEVELOP PSYCH: MODERN YOUNG ADULTHOOD", number:"null", id:"40620", path:"/courses/40620", description:"PSYC 480-301 (Brannon): The field of educational neuroscience is an emerging field with the goal of joining knowledge gained from the disciplines of neuroscience, cognitive science, developmental psychology,and education. This interdisciplinary course will focus on how scientific exploration of the mind and brain can inform educational practices. PSYC 480-302 (Connolly): This advanced discussion-based seminar will focus on approaches to success in domains of modern life such as social living and academia. The first portion of this seminar will be a psychology book club where we read various books written by psychology researchers. This will contribute to an ongoing discussion about scientific communication, and the presentation of psychological research to various audiences. From there, students will focus on a specific area of interest, and write a literature review based on contemporary empirical research critiquing their given topic. Students must understand the workload for this seminar requires intensive reading culminating in a large written assignment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HIND GRADS", number:"null", id:"37303", path:"/courses/37303", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Is there another New Art History? Case Studies in Digital Art History", number:"null", id:"36772", path:"/courses/36772", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATINOS IN UNITED STATES", number:"null", id:"42133", path:"/courses/42133", description:"This course presents a broad overview of the Latino population in the United States that focuses on the economic and sociological aspects of Latino immigration and assimilation. Topics to be covered include: construction of Latino identity, the history of U.S. Latino immigration, Latino family patterns and household structure, Latino educational attainment. Latino incorporation into the U.S. labor force, earnings and economic well-being among Latino-origin groups, assimilation and the second generation. The course will stress the importance of understanding Latinos within the overall system of race and ethnic relations in the U.S., as well as in comparison with previous immigration flows, particularly from Europe. We will pay particular attention to the economic impact of Latino immigration on both the U.S. receiving and Latin American sending communities, and the efficacy and future possibilities of U.S. immigration policy. Within all of these diverse topics, we will stress the heterogeneity of the Latino population according to national origin groups (i.e. Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, and other Latinos), as well as generational differences between immigrants and the native born.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"43115", path:"/courses/43115", description:"MGMT 230 integrates the material introduced in business fundamental courses and applies it to the design and evaluation of new ventures. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth and to foster innovation and new business formations in independent and corporate settings. The course addresses both a theoretical perspective on venture initiation and the application of writing an actual business plan. In this course you are asked to get out of the habit of being a receiver of ideas, facts, concepts and techniques, and get into the habit of generating ideas, identifying problems, analyzing and evaluating alternatives, and formulating workable action plans, thus putting textbook knowledge into practice. Students will get this hands-on experience in the following ways: Through the formation and ongoing work of venture teams that will design a comprehensive business development plan for a particular start-up company. Teams are expected to utilize the tools and analytical approaches discussed in class to their venture, through simulations, labs, lectures and class discussions that are designed to familiarize students with the many dimensions of entrepreneurship and new venture initiation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYSIS OF ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"36934", path:"/courses/36934", description:"An investigation of paradigms for design and analysis of algorithms. The course will include dynamic programming, flows and combinatorial optimization algorithms, linear programming, randomization and a brief introduction to intractability and approximation algorithms. The course will include other advanced topics, time permitting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LITERARY THEORY:  IDEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44049", path:"/courses/44049", description:"This course introduces students to major issues in the history of literary theory, and provides an excellent foundation for the English major or minor. Treating the work of Plato and Aristotle as well as contemporary criticism, we will consider the fundamental issues that arise from representation, making meaning, appropriation and adaptation, categorization and genre, historicity and genealogy, and historicity and temporality. We will consider major movements in the history of theory including the 'New' Criticism of the 1920's and 30's, structuralism and post-structuralism, Marxism and psychoanalysis, feminism, cultural studies, critical race theory, and queer theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SPANISH", number:"null", id:"37931", path:"/courses/37931", description:"The purpose of this course is twofold: (a) to develop students' communicative abilities in Spanish, that is, speaking, listening, reading and writing, and (b) to increase their awareness and understanding of Hispanic cultures and societies. Homework and classroom activities are designed to help students build their oral proficiency, expand and perfect their knowledge of vocabulary and grammatical structures, improve their reading and writing skills, and develop their critical thinking abilities. The material for this class includes short stories, newspaper articles, poems, songs, cartoons, video clips and a novel, such as Sergio Bizio's Rabia. At the completion of this course students will feel confident discussing and debating a variety of contemporary issues (cultural and religious practices, family relationships, gender stereotypes, political events, immigration to the USA, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DEMOG METHODS", number:"null", id:"40689", path:"/courses/40689", description:"This course provides an introduction to basic demographic concepts, data, indicators, and techniques. The course emphasizes hands-on applications of techniques in the analysis of population dynamics in the U.S. and elsewhere. Students will learn about the main sources of demographic data, including censuses,surveys, and vital statistics, and methods to estimate demographic processes (e.g. mortality, fertility). Students will leave the course with a solid grounding in a) the sources and limitations of demographic data; b) the construction of basic demographic indicators; and c) appropriate use of basic demographic techniques to answer questions about human populations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DEVELOPMENTAL PHYSIOLOGY AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41888", path:"/courses/41888", description:"This course will address advanced human embryology, physiology and pathophysiology. Biochemical genetics and the genetic basis of disease will be discussed. Normal fetal development and physiology of organ systems will be used as the foundation for understanding the pathophysiology of disease across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIXED MEDIA ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"44171", path:"/courses/44171", description:"Mixed Media Animation is a contemporary survey of stop-motion animation concepts and techniques. Students use digital SLR cameras, scanners and digital compositing software to produce works in hand-drawn animation, puppet and clay animation, sand animation, and multiplane collage animation. Screenings and discussions in the course introduce key historical examples of animation demonstrating how these techniques have been used in meaningful ways. Students then learn how to composite two or more of these methods with matte painting, computer animation or video.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV COMMERCIAL CHINESEI: ADV BUSINESS CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39691", path:"/courses/39691", description:"This course provides students with the conceptual framework to understand issues China has been facing since its economic reform in 1978. Topics include WTO principles, the change of China's state-owned enterprises, China's economy in Mao's period, and the pros and cons of globalization. Students will be trained in reading financial articles, discussing international trades, conducting online research and giving business presentations. After the course, students will become more sophisticated in their understanding of China's economic development and in using Chinese business terminology at professional settings. The course assumes basic background in business and advanced level proficiency in Chinese language. The course is NOT open to freshman with no undergraduate business course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"A TALE OF TWO CITIES: LONDON & PARIS 1750-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"40115", path:"/courses/40115", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOOD & RELIGION", number:"null", id:"37851", path:"/courses/37851", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"36175", path:"/courses/36175", description:"Instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"44192", path:"/courses/44192", description:"The course focuses on financial tools, techniques, and best practices used in buyouts (financial buyers) and acquisitions (strategic buyers). While it will touch upon various strategic, organizational, and general management issues, the main lens for studying these transactions will be a financial one. It will explore how different buyers approach the process of finding, evaluating, and analyzing opportunities in the corporate-control market; how they structure deals and how deal structure affects both value creation and value division; how they add value after transaction completion; and how they realize their ultimate objectives (such as enhanced market position or a profitable exit). The course is divided into two broad modules. The first module covers mergers and acquisitions, and the second one studies buyouts by private equity partnerships. During the spring semester this course cannot be taken pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI I", number:"null", id:"41536", path:"/courses/41536", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROSCIENCE AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42045", path:"/courses/42045", description:"Cognitive, social,and affective neuroscience have made tremendous progress in in the last two decades. As this progress continues, neuroscience is becoming increasingly relevant to all of the real-world endeavors that require understanding, predicting and changing human behavior. In this course we will examine the ways in which neuroscience is being applied in law, criminal justice, national defense, education, economics, business,and other sectors of society. For each application area we will briefly review those aspects of neuroscience that are most relevant, and then study the application in more detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO SYNTAX", number:"null", id:"40236", path:"/courses/40236", description:"This course is an introduction to current syntactic theory, covering the principles that govern phrase structure (the composition of phrases and sentences), movement (dependencies between syntactic constituents), and binding (the interpretation of different types of noun phrases). Although much of the evidence discussed in the class will come from English, evidence from other languages will also play an important role, in keeping with the comparative and universalist perspective of modern syntactic theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced Spanish II: Grammar and Composition", number:"null", id:"44952", path:"/courses/44952", description:"Spanish 212 is an advanced-level language course that emphasizes the acquisition of the tools necessary for successful written expression in Spanish. These tools include a solid knowledge of the major points of Spanish grammar, an ample vocabulary, control of the mechanics of the language (spelling, punctuation, etc.), and a thorough understanding of the writing process. Throughout the semester, students will use these tools to analyze authentic texts and to produce a variety of written assignments. By the end of the course, students will have developed their awareness of the norms of standard Spanish and learned to incorporate these features into their own writing. The class will be conducted in Spanish and students are expected to speak in Spanish at all times. Any questions about placement should be addressed to the directors of the Spanish language program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR: CULTURAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40619", path:"/courses/40619", description:"Humans are a cultural species, constantly navigating a complex web of culturaly bound practices, norms, and worldviews. This seminar will survey the theory and research of the young but rapidly expanding field of cultural psychology. In the seminar, we will explore how culture shapes and is shaped by an array of psychological domains, ranging from perception, information processing, and language, to concepts of the self, motivations, emotion, morality, and physical and mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HIND GRADS", number:"null", id:"38721", path:"/courses/38721", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"41951", path:"/courses/41951", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ARCH: CORPORATE DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36640", path:"/courses/36640", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"44371", path:"/courses/44371", description:"Italian 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that will allow you to function comfortably in an Italian-speaking environment. The course will build on your existing skills in Italian, increase your confidence and your ability to read, write, speak and understand the language, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. The course will allow you to explore culturally relevant topics and to develop cross-cultural skills through the exploration of analogies and differences between your native culture and the Italian world. The course will move beyond stereotypical presentations of Italy and its people to concentrate on specific social issues together with cultural topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36843", path:"/courses/36843", description:"This course is designed for beginning graduate students and advanced undergraduates with a particular enthusiasm for cell biology. Biology 480 does not attempt to cover all aspects of cell biology, and is therefore not appropriate for students seeking a lecture course which provides a comprehensive survey of the field. Rather, the primary objective of this course is to teach those students considering a career in the biomedical sciences how to read, discuss, and question original research papers effectively. Intensive classroom discussions focus on the experimental methods used, results obtained, interpretation of these results in the context of cell structure and function, and implications for further studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44920", path:"/courses/44920", description:"Sociology provides a unique way to look at human behavior and social interaction. Sociology is the systematic study of the groups and societies in which people live. In this introductory course, we analyze how social structures and cultures are created, maintained, and changed, and how they affect the lives of individuals. We will consider what theory and research can tell us about our social world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRECEPTORSHIP IN CLIN BE", number:"null", id:"35349", path:"/courses/35349", description:"Introduction to the integration of biomedical engineering in clinical medicine through lectures and a preceptorship with clinical faculty. This course is for BE majors ONLY, with preference given to BSE students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3 DIMENSIONS:TIME/SPACE", number:"null", id:"45040", path:"/courses/45040", description:"Through studio projects, readings and class discussion, this class will begin to address, both conceptually and physically, basic 3D structures and translations between 3D and 2D, as well as materiality, experiential phenomena, light and time-based processes. The interconnection between mediums in our cultural climate employs a wide range of tools, processes, and ideas. It is imperative that visual studies students recognize and think through these connections. The work produced and ideas confronted in this class will facilitate discussions and constructive criticism on the fundamentalsof space and time via the experiential, conceptual, and the formal as essential elements of meaning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"40459", path:"/courses/40459", description:"Assessment and treatment of the young child in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this developmentally organized course. This course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with the most common health problems, including acute episodic illness as well as stable chronic disease. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, the maturational tasks and problems of children and their families in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREDICTIVE ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"44976", path:"/courses/44976", description:"This course follows from the introductory regression classes, STAT 102, STAT 112, and STAT 431 for undergraduates and STAT 613 for MBAs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH-CENTURY NOVEL: COLONIAL & POSTCOL. FIC", number:"null", id:"42666", path:"/courses/42666", description:"This course traces the development of the novel across the twentieth-century. The course will consider the formal innovations of the modern novel (challenges to realism, stream of consciousness, fragmentation, etc.) in relation to major historical shifts in the period. Authors treated might include: Conrad, Lawrence, Joyce, Forster, Woolf, Cather, Faulkner, Hemingway, Achebe, Greene, Rhys, Baldwin, Naipaul, Pynchon, Rushdie, and Morrison.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Sustainability & Public Health", number:"null", id:"45185", path:"/courses/45185", description:"We know that wild animal populations are only as healthy as their habitats, but what about humans? What is the connection between the health of human populations and the environments we inhabit? This course explores how the goals of the sustainability movement intersect with public health policy. It asks the question, 'To what extent is sustainability the most important public health issue of our time?' We will examine issues related to climate change, peak oil, environmental toxins, ecosystem destruction, water availability, and food production through the lens of public health policy and human health. On a more positive note, we will learn about how applications of whole systems thinking are transforming our culture, creating a more sustainable and healthier society, and how these cultural trends will transform health policy in the future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"37157", path:"/courses/37157", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores. 

If you need assistance registering for a closed section, please email the department at fnarug@design.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"E. A. DIGITAL HUMANITIES", number:"null", id:"43983", path:"/courses/43983", description:"'Are you interested in cutting-edge digital methods for the humanities in EastAsia, but don't know where to start? This course covers a wide range ofcurrent and emerging digital projects and topics in East Asian studies.Students will engage with digital projects focused on East Asia (encompassingJapan, China, Korea, and Taiwan) as well as research being done onDigital methodologies for the humanities in those areas. Coursework consistsOf project and research analysis, active discussion, and learning about theimplementation of various digital projects. Example topics include textanalysis, APIs, network analysis, digital literary studies, and mapping. Notechnical expertise is required but students must have reading knowledge ofChinese, Japanese, or Korean at the high-intermediate or advanced level. Class presentations, discussions, and all course readings will be in English, but midterm and final projects involve reading articles andmidterm and final projects involve reading articlesand/or critiquing projects ise.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM", number:"null", id:"42832", path:"/courses/42832", description:"The aim of the course is to provide an introduction to shareholder activism. The course makes use of lectures and case studies. The lectures expose the students to the institutional and empirical facts as well as approaches followed by leading shareholder activists. The case studies are designed to provide students an experience on identifying potential opportunity for value creation thrugh active engagement. Assignments require students to develop/practice skills on fundamental analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMDIATE TELUGU II", number:"null", id:"44992", path:"/courses/44992", description:"This course is designed to expand the students' basic language skills in Telugu in order to allow them to function adequately in a Telugu-speaking environment, to immerse themselves in the rich Andhra culture, and to accomplish a more advanced competency in an interesting foreign language. This course is also aimed at students planning to conduct scholarly research in Telugu history, literature or society, or humanities or social science fieldwork in Telugu speaking areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUSTICE, LAW & MORALITY: PHILOSOPHY AND THE CONSTITUTION", number:"null", id:"41962", path:"/courses/41962", description:"The course will focus on the philosophical background to the individual rights protected by the U.S. Constitution, including 1st Amendment freedoms of religion, expression, and association; the 14th amendment guarantee of Due Process and the rights of privacy, abortion, assisted suicide, and marriage; the Equal Protection clause and equal political rights and the legitimacy of affirmative action; and the Takings and Contract clauses and their bearing on rights of private property and economic freedoms. In addition to Supreme Court decisions on these issues, we will read works by political philosophers and constitutional theorists, including J.S. Mill, Ronald Dworkin, Cass Sunstein, Martha Nussbaum, Katherine MacKinnon and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & COMPET ADVANTAGE: Strategy and Competitive Advantage", number:"null", id:"40316", path:"/courses/40316", description:"This course is concerned with strategy issues at the business unit level. Its focus is on the question of how firms can create and sustain a competitive advantage. A central part of the course deals with concepts that have been developed around the notions of complementarities and fit. Other topics covered in the course include the creation of competitive advantage through commitment, competitor analysis, different organizational responses to environmental changes, modularity, and increasing returns. An important feature of the course is a term-length project in which groups of students work on firm analyses that require the application of the course concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMERI COMMUNITIES: Asian American Communities", number:"null", id:"42380", path:"/courses/42380", description:"Who is Asian American and how and where do we recognize Asian America? This interdisciplinary course explores the multiple factors that define Asian American identity and community. In order to provide a sketch of the multifacted experience of this growing minority group, we will discuss a wide variety of texts from scholarly, artistic, and popular (film, cinematic) sources that mark key moments in the cultural history of Asia America. The course will address major themes of community life including migration history, Asian American as model minority, race, class, and transnational scope of Asian America. In combination with the readings, this class will foster and promote independent research based on site visits to various Asian American communities in Philadelphia and will host community leaders as guest lecturers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ATOMS/BITS/CIRC & SYS", number:"null", id:"41344", path:"/courses/41344", description:"Introduction to the principles underlying electrical and systems engineering. Concepts used in designing circuits, processing signals on analog and digital devices, implementing computation on embedded systems, analyzing communication networks, and understanding complex systems will be discussed in lectures and illustrated in the laboratory. This course provides an overview of the challenges and tools that Electrical Engineers and Systems Engineers address and some of the necessary foundations for students interested in more advanced courses in ESE.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY AND THE NATION'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"41843", path:"/courses/41843", description:"This course examines health care and social policy from domestic and international perspectives. It is designed to engage undergraduate students in critical thinking about health policy issues as they affect our health care, employment, taxes, and social investments. The current national debate on health care reform is used as a frame of reference for examining the strengths and weaknesses of health care services in the U.S. from the perspectives of patients/families, health professionals, health services providers, insurers, employers, and public policy makers, and the pros and cons of a range of prescriptions for system improvement from across the political spectrum. About a third of the course focuses more specifically on global public health challenges and the policy strategies for reducing health disparities worldwide.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN ADAPTATION", number:"null", id:"35278", path:"/courses/35278", description:"ANTH 105 explores the evolutionary process using humans (Homo sapiens) as a case study. This complex biological and cultural species is best understood within the framework of evolution as it has operated for over a billion years. Learn why humans are imperfect, not an end product of evolutionary change, and are still evolving with unpredictable consequences. Using 3 complexes that have come to characterize humans (bipedalism, rotary chewers, and big brains) we will trace the evolutionary history from the first life forms on earth to the human lineage that emerged in just the last 5 million years. The consequences for humans of this evolutionary history are profound and we witness this everyday in our own bodies. Touch fossil casts representing the whole of human evolution using the Penn Museum's prodigious casting program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARMA,BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"38702", path:"/courses/38702", description:"This course provides an overview of the management, economic and policy issues facing the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. The course perspective is global, but with emphasis on the U.S. as the largest and and most profitable market. Critical issues we will examine include: R&D intensive cost structure and rapid technological change; biotechnology and genomics startups and alliances with the pharma industry; a complex global marketplace in which prices are regulated in most countries and customers include governments and insurers, as well as physicians, pharmacists and consumers; intense and evolving M&A, including mergers, joint ventures, and complex alliances; government regulation of every business function, including R&D, pricing and promotion; and global products and multinational firms. We use Wharton and industry experts from various disciplines to address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"45115", path:"/courses/45115", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 001.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"37205", path:"/courses/37205", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, perfermance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFORMATION AGE", number:"null", id:"45319", path:"/courses/45319", description:"Certain new technologies are greeted with claims that, for good or ill, they must transform our society. The two most recent: the computer and the Internet. But the series of social, economic and technological developments that underlie what is often called the Information Revolution include much more than just the computer. In this course, we explore the history of information technology and its role in contemporary society. We will explore both the technologies themselves--calculating machines, punched card tabulators, telegraph and telephone networks, differential analyzers, digital computers, and many others--and their larger social, economic and political contexts. To understand the roots of these ideas we look at the prehistory of the computer, at the idea of the post-industrial or information society, at parallels with earlier technologies and at broad historical currents in the United States and the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP AFRICAN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"44815", path:"/courses/44815", description:"This class provides an introduction to contemporary African politics. The core questions that motivate the course are (i) to what extent are political outcomes in contemporary Africa a consequence of its history, culture and geography? (ii.) Why are state structures and institutions weaker in Africa than elsewhere? (iii.) What accounts for Africa's relatively slow economic growth? (iv.) Why have some African countries been plagued by high levels of political violence while others have not? (v.) What explains the behavior of key African actors: parties or politicians?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"43322", path:"/courses/43322", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR SPECTROSCOPY", number:"null", id:"38272", path:"/courses/38272", description:"A modern introduction to the theory of the interaction of radiation and matter and the practice of molecular spectroscopy. Conventional microwave, magnetic resonance, optical, photoelectron, double-resonance, and laser spectroscopic techniques will be included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Contemporary Fantastic Literature in Latin America", number:"null", id:"36551", path:"/courses/36551", description:"Topics vary. See the Romance Languages Department's website at http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HASKELL", number:"null", id:"39712", path:"/courses/39712", description:"Haskell is a high-level, purely functional programming language with a strong static type system and elegant mathematical underpinnings. It is being increasingly used in industry by organizations such as Facebook, AT&T, and NASA, along with several financial firms. We will explore the joys of function programming, using Haskell as a vehicle. The aim of the course will be to allo you to use Haskell to easily and conveniently write practical programs. All ar welcome, including those with no programming experience. Evaluation wil l be based on regular homework assignments and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD MIDEAST LIT IN TRANS", number:"null", id:"43198", path:"/courses/43198", description:"The Middle East boasts a rich tapestry of cultures that have developed a vibrant body of modern literature that is often overlooked in media coverage of the region. While each of the modern literary traditions that will be surveyed in this introductory course-Arabic, Hebrew, Persian and Turkish-will be analyzed with an appreciation of the cultural context unique to each body of literature, this course will also attempt to bridge these diverse traditions by analyzing common themes-such as modernity, social values, the individual and national identity-as reflected in the genres of poetry, the novel and the short story. This course is in seminar format to encourage lively discussion and is team-taught by four professors whose expertise in modern Middle Eastern literature serves to create a deeper understanding and aesthetic appreciation of each literary tradition. In addition to honing students' literary analysis skills, the course will enable students to become more adept at discussing the social and political forces that are reflected in Middle Eastern literature, explore important themes and actively engage in reading new Middle Eastern works on their own in translation. All readings are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA PROSEMINAR: VISIONS OF ROME", number:"null", id:"35537", path:"/courses/35537", description:"Homer's Iliad presents a dark and difficult vision of the world, but one that nonetheless inspires. Casual cruelty, divine caprice, and savage violence test heroes and lesser folk and provoke a reckoning with the stark realities of both human vulnerability and capability. It inspires kind of terror, but still also somehow provides a kind of comfort, albeit one whose character seems almost beyond comprehension. By a close and careful reading of Homer's text, along with some reflections and readings drawn from more contemporary wars, including the current ones, we will try to examine these issues with one eye on the past and one on the present. Our goal will be to achieve some further understanding of war and human experience. This course will be offered online.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MED ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"38096", path:"/courses/38096", description:"Introduction to Medical Anthropology takes central concepts in anthropology -- culture, adaptation, human variation, belief, political economy, the body -- and applies them to human health and illness. Students explore key elements of healing systems including healing technologies and healer-patient relationships. Modern day applications for medical anthropology are stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"40226", path:"/courses/40226", description:"Introduction to learning and understanding American Sign Language ( ASL ); cultural values and rules of behavior of the Deaf community in the United States. Includes receptive and expressive readiness activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; facial expressive, body movement, gestures signs; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; and deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"39763", path:"/courses/39763", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Postbac program. This semester the text will be Plutarch's Life of Antony. There will be in-depth analysis of syntax and style. Homework, apart from the readings, will take the form of exercises, based on the readings, illustrating the nuances of Greek syntax in the hands of a master writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLING", number:"null", id:"44435", path:"/courses/44435", description:"Human language viewed from a social and historical perspective. Students will acquire the tools of linguistic analysis through interactive computer programs, covering phonetics, phonology and morphology, in English and other languages. These techniques will then be used to trace social differences in the use of language, and changing patterns of social stratification. The course will focus on linguistic changes in progress in American society, in both mainstream and minority communities, and the social problems associated with them. Students will engage in field projects to search for the social correlates of linguistic behavior, and use quantitative methods to analyze the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"40920", path:"/courses/40920", description:"This course explores the history and archaeology of the last 20,000 years from the development of agriculture to the industrial revolution. Why did people across the world abandon foraging for farming? How and why did cities and states develop? Why did societies succeed or fail? How have humans transformed themselves and the natural world, including the landscape and the climate? We will explore the methods that archaeologists use to consider these questions and analyze evidence for social and economic change from the Middle East, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Europe. In addition, students will have a chance to conduct hands-on exercises with artifacts from the Penn Museum during practicums.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING OF A MODERN WORLD", number:"null", id:"44304", path:"/courses/44304", description:"How did the world we now live in come to be? Is globalization a recent development or does it have a history of its own? At what point can we say that a world economy emerged and what sort of relations of production and distribution linked it together? When did people start thinking and acting as citizens of nations rather than as subjects of rulers or members of religious or ethnic communities, and what were the consequences? How should we conceptualize the great revolutions (French, American, Russian, Chinese) that would determine the landscapes of modern global politics? This course is designed to help us think about the 'making of the modern,' not by means of an exhaustive survey but by exploring a range of topics from unusual perspectives: piracy, patriotism, prophecy; global struggles for political and human rights,drivers of war and peace, capitalism, nationalism, socialism, fascism, fundamentalism; communication and culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"35630", path:"/courses/35630", description:"This course will explore the emergence of modern science fiction as a genre, the ways it has reflected our evolving conceptions of ourselves and the universe, and its role as the mythology of modern technological civilization. We will discuss such characteristic themes as utopias, the explortion of space and time, biological engineering, superman, robots, aliens, and other worlds--and the differences between European and American treatment of these themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"38616", path:"/courses/38616", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the instruments traded in modern financial markets, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, as well as, the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will balance functional and institutional perspectives by highlighting the problems capital markets participants are seeking to solve, as well as, the existing assets and markets which have arisen to accomplish these goals. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. The course is taught in lecture format, and illustrates key concepts by drawing on a collection of case studies and visits from industry experts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG & THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"38244", path:"/courses/38244", description:"The principles of green design, life cylce analysis, industrial ecology, pollution prevention and waste minimization, and sustainable development are introduced to engineers of all disciplines as a means to identify and solve a variety of emerging environmental problems. Case studies are used to assess the problems and devise rational solutions to minimize environmental consequences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHUG RESEARCH SCHOLARS: Wharton Research Scholars", number:"null", id:"45048", path:"/courses/45048", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URDU POETRY IN TRNSLTN: URDU POETRY IN TRANSLATION: POETRY OF RESISTANCE, I AM TRUTH - ANUL HAQ", number:"null", id:"38013", path:"/courses/38013", description:"This course will look at Urdu-Hindi expressions of resistance to militant fundamentalism trends, as well as literature resisting the influence of liberal progressive thought. Through comparisons of these divergent trends, we will explore the real inersections, comfortable comprises and contradictions that are internalized by people on the ground in developing societies. The historical and linguistic roots of resistance poetry will be studied, contrasting South Asian Urdu-Hindi poetry and prose (original and translated) with resistance movements from other parts of the world. This course provides students with the opportunity to deepen their knowledge of Urdu culture, literature, and society while expanding and refining their Urdu language skills. We will explore various social, political, and cultural issues through authentic sources such as journalism and media, prose literature and poetry, and film and music. The course is designed to be flexible to address students' needs and interests. It targets students with two years of Urdu study or the equivalent proficiency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS 20TH-C LITERATURE: ANIMAL TALES", number:"null", id:"35663", path:"/courses/35663", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SCREENWRITING", number:"null", id:"43891", path:"/courses/43891", description:"This is a workshop style course for students who have completed a screenwriting class, or have a draft of a screenplay they wish to improve or want to learn everything in one shot and are ready to do a lot of writing, and even more rewriting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"40550", path:"/courses/40550", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIENTIAL WRITING SEM: WASTING TIME ON INTERNET", number:"null", id:"35641", path:"/courses/35641", description:"We spend our lives in front of screens, mostly wasting time: checking social media, watching cat videos, chatting, and shopping. What if these activities clicking, SMSing, status-updating, and random surfing were used as raw material for creating compelling and emotional works of literature? Could we reconstruct our autobiography using only Facebook? Could we write a great novella by plundering our Twitter feed? Could we reframe the internet as the greatest poem ever written? Using our laptops and a wifi connection as our only materials, this class will focus on the alchemical recuperation of aimless surfing into substantial works of literature. Students will be required to stare at the screen for three hours, only interacting through chat rooms, bots, social media and listservs. To bolster our practice, we'll explore the long history of the recuperation of boredom and time-wasting through critical texts about affect theory, ASMR, situationism and everyday life by thinkers such as Guy Debord, Mary Kelly Erving Goffman, Betty Friedan, Raymond Williams, John Cage, Georges Perec, Michel de Certeau, Henri Lefevbre, Trin Minh-ha, Stuart Hall, Sianne Ngai, Siegfried Kracauer and others. Distraction, multi-tasking, and aimless drifting is mandatory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36879", path:"/courses/36879", description:"The principles of quantum theory and applications to atomic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HUMAN EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"45089", path:"/courses/45089", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"44803", path:"/courses/44803", description:"Portuguese 134 is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA PROSEMINAR: Biography and Art History", number:"null", id:"42372", path:"/courses/42372", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DECISION SYS: Advanced Decision Systems: Agents, Games, and Evolution", number:"null", id:"39120", path:"/courses/39120", description:"This course is taught with the more descriptive title of 'Agents, Games, and Evolution.' It explores applications and fundamentals of strategic behavior. Strategic, or game-theoretic, topics arise throughout the social sciences. The topics include--and we discuss--trust, cooperation, market-related phenomena (including price equilibria and distribution of wealth), norms, conventions, commitment, coalition formation, and negotiation. They also include such applied matters as design of logistics systems, auctions, and markets generally (for example, markets for electric power generation). In addressing these topics we focus on the practical problem of finding effective strategies for agents in strategic situations (or games). Our method of exploration will be experimental: we review and discuss experiments, principally computational experiments, on the behavior of boundedly rational agents in strategic (or game-theoretic) situations. Course work includes readings, discussions in class (organized as a seminar), examinations, and a course project on a topic chosen by the participants.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING I", number:"null", id:"39467", path:"/courses/39467", description:"This course revisits topics covered in Introductory Financial Accounting (Accounting 101), with a focus on the asset side of the balance sheet: Cash, accounts and notes receivable, inventory, marketable securities, equity investments, PPE, and intangibles. The course also covers revenue and expense recognition issues, and generally accepted accounting principles that affect the format and presentation of the financial statements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER RDG/WRTG CHINESEII", number:"null", id:"35461", path:"/courses/35461", description:"This is an intermediate language class presuming basic fluency in speaking and listening and focusing on reading and writing abilities. By the end of the semester students are expected to have mastered the 1200 most commonly used characters and to have the ability to read basic Chinese texts. Students will be prepared for Advanced Modern Chinese or the commercial track.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PROB & STAT", number:"null", id:"39908", path:"/courses/39908", description:"Introduction to combinatorics: the multiplication rule, the pigeonhole principle, permutations, combinations, binomial and multinomial coefficients, recurrence relations, methods of solving recurrence relations, permutations and combinations with repetitions, integer linear equation with unit coefficients, distributing balls into urns, inclusion-exclusion, an introduction to probability. Introduction to Probability: sets, sample setsevents, axioms of probability, simple results, equally likely outcomes, probability as a continuous set function and probability as a measure of belief, conditional probability, independent events, Bayes' formula, inverting probability trees. Random Variables: discrete and continuous, expected values, functions of random variables, variance. Some Special Discrete Random Variables: Bernoulli, Binomial, Poisson, Geometric, Pascal (Negative Binomial) Hypergeometric and Poisson.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAP & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"38940", path:"/courses/38940", description:"This elective half-semester course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of the typical high-growth start-up company. The course is fundamentally pragmatic in its outlook. It will cover six principal areas relevant to the privately held high-growth start-up, these include commentary on the venture capital industry generally as well as a discussion of the typical venture fund structure and related venture capital objectives and investment strategies; common organizational issues encountered in the formation of a venture backed start-up, including issues relating to initial capitalization, intellectual property and early stage equity arrangements; valuation methodologies that form the basis of the negotiation between the the venture capitalist in anticipation of a venture investment; the challenges of fundraising, financing strategies and the importance of the business plan and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur; typical investment terms found in the term sheet and the dynamics of negotiation between the entrepreneur and the venture capitalist; corporate governance in the context of a privately-held, venture capital-backed start-up company and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur in an insider-led, 'down round' financing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: ART OF ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"36649", path:"/courses/36649", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS METHODOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38540", path:"/courses/38540", description:"This course covers the methodologies and techniques important to designing large complex, purposeful systems and to discovering policies that influence them throughout the stages of their lifecycle. The course focuses on hands-on synthetic thinking, where students assemble the big picture from modeling the individual actors, organizations, and artifacts in a socio-technical system of interest. This is the study of emergence of macro-behavior from the micro-decision making of the actors involved - to inquire into the design of a purposeful system, and to examine alternative futures that are ideal, yet affordable, sustainable, and workable. Specifically, the student learns systems theory, systems methodologies (design inquiry/learning systems, idealized design/interactive planning, and soft systems methodology/knowledge management), bottom up modeling (decision science, multi-attribute utility theory, affective reasoning, agent based modeling, simulated societies), and how to further research and apply the synthetic paradigm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING POLICY", number:"null", id:"40347", path:"/courses/40347", description:"The course provides a systematic presentation of the factors to be considered when setting price, and shows how pricing alternatives are developed. Analytical methods are developed and new approaches are explored for solving pricing decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO INTL RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"44809", path:"/courses/44809", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP FIN-TECH", number:"null", id:"44197", path:"/courses/44197", description:"The course exposes students to this fast-growing and exciting intersection between finance (Fin) and technology (Tech) while emphasizing the role data and analytics play. The course is structured around three main FinTech areas: (i) Lending/Banking services, (ii) Clearing (iii) Trading. It provides specific coverage and examples of developments from(1) peer-to-peer lending, (2) blockchain and distributed ledgers, (3) networks and their use in trading, and (4) algo trading and its use of non-standard inputs. In each of these areas, we start by analyzing the marketplace, and the incumbents, and the business case and strategies of the incoming technology-based players, while understanding the role data and analytics play in driving the technology-based services. The course is built around a large number of examples and cases, guest lectures, student presentations, and group projects. Student are thus expected to work in teams and demonstrate a high level of independent learning and initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"37186", path:"/courses/37186", description:"This rigorous pair of courses, one offered in the Fall and one offered in the Spring semester, are designed as the capstone of the Fine Arts major and are required for all graduating fine arts seniors. They can only be taken in the senior year. Students work in individual studio spaces provided by the department and then meet with faculty for seminar, critique, and professional practice exercises. Through individual and group critiques, students begin to conceptualize thier final thesis exhibition or project. The senior seminar allows students to create lasting professional relationships with the fine arts faculty and visiting lecturers. The fall semester culminates in a group exhibition of senior student work paired with final semester critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIRE AND DEMAND", number:"null", id:"39514", path:"/courses/39514", description:"Does consumption shape culture or does culture shape consumption? As even the most mundane purchase becomes socially symbolic and culturally meaningful we can persuasively argue that the concept of 'need' has been transformed. Analyzing a variety of physical and virtual consumer venues, the goal of this seminar is to understand and to analyze historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. We investigate social and political-economic factors that impact when and how people purchase goods and argue that behavior attached to consumption includes a nexus of influences that may change periodically in response to external factors. Readings and research assignments are interdisciplinary and require a critical analysis of global/local linkages. The city of Philadelphia becomes the seminar's laboratory as we ask how have issues of culture, consumption, and global capitalism become intertwined around the world?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE HISTORY & CIV", number:"null", id:"39814", path:"/courses/39814", description:"This Master's level seminar focuses on the political, social and cultural history of the Chinese region from the Stone Age to the 20th century. Readings will consist of primary and secondary sources, including influential modern studies of Chinese history and civilization. All course materials are in English and no knowledge of Chinese is presumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROTO-INDO-EUROPEAN LANG", number:"null", id:"37428", path:"/courses/37428", description:"Most of the languages now spoken in Europe, along with some languages of Iran, India and central Asia, are thought to be descended from a single language known as Proto-Indo-European, spoken at least six thousand years ago, probably in a region extending from north of the Black Sea in modern Ukraine east through southern Russia. Speakers of Proto-Indo-European eventually populated Europe in the Bronze Age, and their societies formed the basis of the classical civilizations of Greece and Rome, as well as of the Celtic, Germanic and Slavic speaking peoples. What were the Proto-Indo-Europeans like? What did they believe about the world and their gods? How do we know? Reconstruction of the Proto-Indo-European language, one of the triumphs of comparative and historical linguistics in the 19th and 20th centuries, allows us a glimpse into the society of this prehistoric people. 

In this seminar students will, through comparison of modern and ancient languages, learn the basis of this reconstruction -- the comparative method of historical linguistics -- as well as explore the culture and society of the Proto-Indo-Europeans and their immediate descendants. In addition, we will examine the pseudo-scientific basis of the myth of Aryan supremacy, and study the contributions of archaeological findings in determining the 'homeland' of the Indo-Europeans. No prior knowledge of any particular language is necessary. This seminar should be of interest to students considering a major in linguistics, anthropology and archaeology, ancient history or comparative religion. (Also fulfills Cross-Cultural Analysis.)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG IN OIL,GAS&COAL", number:"null", id:"42722", path:"/courses/42722", description:"While conventional wisdom is that the world is running out of fossil fuels, technical advances such as deep water production, directional drilling, hydrofracturing, and the refining of non-conventional crude oil sources has increased the resource base significantly and there are well over 100 years of reserves of oil, natural gas and coal. The effect of technology advances has been most profound in the United States, where net energy imports are projected to fall to 12% of consumption by 2020. Excellent, highly technical careers are available in these industries, with opportunities to reduce their impact on the environment and in particular on climate change. The course will cover engineering technology in oil, natural gas and coal from production through end use. It will equip graduating students with the knowledge to contribute in these industries and to participate in informed debate about them", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHAB ENGINEERING&DESIGN", number:"null", id:"41000", path:"/courses/41000", description:"Students will learn about problems faced by disabled persons and medical rehabilitation specialists, and how engineering design can be used to solve and ameliorate those problems. The course combines lectures, multiple design projects and exercises, and field trips to clinical rehabilitation facilities. Students will have substantial interaction with clinical faculty, as well as with patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORDS ARE WEAPONS: PROTESTS AND POLITICAL ACTIVISM IN SOUTH ASIAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"44912", path:"/courses/44912", description:"This course focuses on the key themes of protest and resistance in contemporary South Asian literarure. Most South Asian countries have been witnessing an endless wave of protests and resistance from various sections of public life for the last three decades. In India, for example, protest literature emerges not only from traditionally marginalized groups (the poor, religious and ethnic minorities, depressed castes and tribal communities), but also from upper-caste groups, whose protest literature expresses concerns over economic oppression, violence and the denial of fundamental rights. Literature is becoming an immediate tool to articualte acts of resistance and anger, as many writers and poets are also taking on new roles as poitical activists. In this class, we will read various contemporary works of short fiction, poetry and memoirs to comprehend shifts in public life toward political and social activism in South Asia. We will also watch two or three documentaries that focus on public protests and resistance. No pre-requisites or South Asian language requirements. All literary works will be read in English translations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 2", number:"null", id:"39335", path:"/courses/39335", description:"The continuation of Spanish 115, Spanish 125 is a second-semester elementary medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 115.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR SPECTROSCOPY", number:"null", id:"42493", path:"/courses/42493", description:"This course is broken into two sections: (1) optics, and (2) theory of spectroscopy including the discussion of techniques and examples. In the first section you will be introduced to both linear and nonlinear optics, through thinkling about how to design optical components in the laboratory setting. the second part of the course is a more traditional spectroscopy course, where different spectroscopies in the visible and infrared spectral region will be discussed. This part of the course will focus on understanding what we can learn from using specroscopy and what sort of dynamical processes can be observed with different spectroscopic techniques. Topics to be covered include, but are not limited to: optics, time-dependent perturbation theory, lineshapes, density matrix, group theory, selection rules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL VALUES", number:"null", id:"44404", path:"/courses/44404", description:"This course presents law as an evolving social institution, with special emphasis on the legal regulation of business in the context of social values. It considers basic concepts of law and legal process, in the U.S. and other legal systems, and introduces the fundamentals of rigorous legal analysis. An in-depth examination of contract law is included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GOD AND MONEY", number:"null", id:"42074", path:"/courses/42074", description:"The relationship between how people understand god(s) and money has always been a complicated one. Many religions have a relationship to money, whether in offerings, asking for blessings, or to build and create places worship. God and Money explores the relationship between how religions view money, capitalism, and religion, and how movements like the prosperity gospel have expanded and complicated the interplay between religion, money and capitalism around the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SCREENWRITING", number:"null", id:"42519", path:"/courses/42519", description:"This is a workshop style course for students who have completed a screenwriting class, or have a draft of a screenplay they wish to improve or want to learn everything in one shot and are ready to do a lot of writing, and even more rewriting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF MOD BUS. CORP", number:"null", id:"38733", path:"/courses/38733", description:"Over the last two centuries, the modern corporation has emerged as the dominant form of doing business throughout the world. As such, it not only effects people's daily lives, but also influences government policies and larger trends in society. This course looks at the history of the international corporation from the industrial revolution to the present, to consider how corporations have evolved and the varying ways in which they have influenced the history of our times. We will consider the fundamental debates surrounding the responsibility between shareholders, managers, workers, customers, and most importantly, society as a whole. Much of the course will involve an examination of case studies of individual companies, industries or issues, to understand how corporations have functioned in specific instances.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENETIC ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"43836", path:"/courses/43836", description:"The logic and methodology of genetic analysis in plants and animals. This lecture course will focus on the use of mutations to study gene function and higher order biological processes, methods for reporting and manipulating gene expression, and analysis of the genetic basis of natural variation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF AMERICAN LAW", number:"null", id:"35922", path:"/courses/35922", description:"This course covers the development of legal rules and principles concerning individual and group conduct in the United States since 1877. Such subjects as regulation and deregulation, legal education and the legal profession, and the legal status of women and minorities will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SIGNAL & INF PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"42738", path:"/courses/42738", description:"Introduction to signal and information processing (SIP). In SIP we discern patterns in data and extract the patterns from noise. Foundations of deterministic SIP in the form of frequency domain analysis, sampling, and linear filtering. Random signals and the modifications of deterministic tools that are necessary to deal with them. Multidimensional SIP where the goal is to analyze signals that are indexed by more than one parameter. Includes a hands-on lab component that implements SIP as standalone applications on modern mobile platforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS AMERICAN LIT: AMERICAN BESTSELLERS", number:"null", id:"35670", path:"/courses/35670", description:"This course explores an aspect of American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary, and have included 'American Authors and the Imagined Past' and 'American Gothic.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"36799", path:"/courses/36799", description:"Behavioral economics applies insights from psychology to the study of economic phenomena. This course will take the possibility of deviations from rational, self-interested behavior as a starting point, and explore two main questions: How does psychology play out in markets, where sophisticated and unsophisticated consumers and firms interact and compete? And what does behavioral economics imply for public policy? Markets have the potential to protect consumers from their biases, when firms compete to give biased consumers the best deal. In addition, markets allow for the emergence of informational intermediaries that give biased consumers advice. We will examine whether and how this remedy is provided in a diverse array of markets. Behavioral economics also affects what governments should do and what governments actually do, when they address market failures, combat poverty and inequality, and raise revenue. This course therefore also explores 'Behavioral Public Finance' -- optimal policy in the presence of biases -- and 'Behavioral Political Economy' -- how biases affect the choices of politicians and regulators themselves.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN", number:"null", id:"43726", path:"/courses/43726", description:"An exploration of the design process utilizing drawing and model-making techniques. Skills of representation and fabrication are introduced in the context of the development of each student's capacity to observe, interpret, and translate design concepts into physical form. The course includes a weekly lecture and a biweekly studio component.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT COMM: ADV. PERSUAS", number:"null", id:"36636", path:"/courses/36636", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics: Introduction to Brain Science for Business", number:"null", id:"44560", path:"/courses/44560", description:"INTRODUCTION TO BRAIN SCIENCE FOR BUSINESS: Brain science offers the potential to unlock the future of business, by providing new insights that can enhance decision-making, improve precision in design and marketing team chemistry and cultivate leadership, fine-tune selection and human performance, drive creativity and innovation, create social valus, and optimize digital interactions. New developments in biometrics, implantable and wearable devices, genomics, proteomics, metabolomics, nutrition, and human microbiome, offer the opportunity for enhanced precision and impact in marketing, finance, management, analytics, and education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFO & BUS TRANSFRM", number:"null", id:"39127", path:"/courses/39127", description:"Information technology has transformed many industries, including media, financial services, and retailing, among others. These technologies ahve changed not only how we produce services (e.g., outsourcing and offshoring, and their newest extension, cloud computing) but what services we offer (virtual experiences, online advertising, long tail products and services, and social networking). The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of how information technologies enable transformation of business models within existing organizations as well as the development of completely new business models and new organizational forms. The course will serve as an introductory course on information technologies and will serve as a foundation on which students can explore more advanced technology concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Logic & Computability", number:"null", id:"40537", path:"/courses/40537", description:"Propositional logic: semantics, formal deductions, resolution method. First order logic: validity, models, formal deductions; Godel's completeness theorem, Lowenheim-Skolem theorem: cut-elimination, Herbrand's theorem, resolution method. Computability: finite automata, Turing machines, Godel's incompleteness theorems. Algorithmically unsolvable problems in mathematics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"36031", path:"/courses/36031", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN PALEOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40939", path:"/courses/40939", description:"Following a brief introduction to the study of modern and ancient disease, the course focuses on specific diseases and geographic areas. The literature is surveyed and lecture-discussions cover topics such as tuberculosis, cancer and ancient Egypt, emphasizing the effects of environment and culture on the evolution of disease patterns and health care systems. (This course is a follow up to Anth 158/458, a general introductory course in paleopathology, but 158 is not a prerequisite).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CLAY: THE POTTER'S WHEEL AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"37169", path:"/courses/37169", description:"In this introductory clay class, students will learn all the fundamental skills needed to create three- dimensional forms in clay using a variety of methods: wheel throwing, handbuilding (such as coil building and slab construction), and press molding. Whether creating utilitarian forms or creating sculpture, projects are designed to strengthen both craftsmanship and individual creativity. In addition to developing a working knowledge of the ceramic process, including surface treatments and glazing, students will also be introduced to design issues as well as contemporary art/ceramics topics that influence our aesthetic sensibilities. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM CULTURE IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"42520", path:"/courses/42520", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED INDONESIAN I", number:"null", id:"36697", path:"/courses/36697", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competencies, to increase their vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help them develop effective reading and listening strategies in Indonesian. The authentic Indonesian reading texts and videos provide cultural and historical background information. In class, students will practice grammar, interpret reading texts, analyze and discuss Indonesian cultural practices and compare them with their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GNDR, DVLPMNT, EMPWRMNT: C.U. IN INDIA TOPICS: GENDER, DEVELOPMENT, AND EMPOWERMENT IN INDIA", number:"null", id:"36490", path:"/courses/36490", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India. The 2-CU course requires: 1) 15 classroom hours at Penn in the Fall term 2) A 12-Day trip to India with the instructor during the winter break to visit key sites and conduct original research (sites vary) 3) 15 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) A research paper, due at the end of the spring term. Course enrollment is restricted to students admitted to the program. For more information, and the program application, go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF OLDER ADULTS", number:"null", id:"43217", path:"/courses/43217", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of older adults. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern including the unique set of principles and body of knowledge and skills necessary to the practice of nursing with older adults. Students are provided with the theoretical background necessary to understand health system issues affecting older adults. Students will attain the knowledge necessary to complete a comprehensive assessment of the older adult's physical, functional, psychosocial, and cognitive capacities. Common problems associated with cardiovascular, respiratory, neurological, musculoskeletal, sensory, and genitourinary systems that affect older adults will be discussed. In addition, principles of continuity of care, rehabilitation, nutritional and pharmacodynamic changes, cultural diversity and ethics will be integrated throughout the course. Clinical experiences in acute care hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICRO AND NANO FLUIDICS", number:"null", id:"41718", path:"/courses/41718", description:"The course focuses on topics relevant for micro-fluidics, lab on chip technology, point of care diagnostics, nano-technology, biosensing, and interfacial phenomena. Although we will discuss briefly the fabrication of micro and nano fluidic devices, the course will mostly focus on physical phenomena from the continuum point of view. The mathematical complexity will be kept to a minimum. The course will be reasonably self-contained, and any necessary background material will be provided, consistent with the students' background and level of preparation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL MOTILITY & CYTOSKEL", number:"null", id:"41061", path:"/courses/41061", description:"Cytoskeleton and cell motility plays a crucial role in many aspects of normal and pathological physiology of individual cells, tissues, and whole organisms, including morphogenesis, immune response, wound healing, oncogenesis, and infection. This course will cover current topics in cell biology with emphasis on cytoskeleton and cell motility and their roles in these processes. Lectures, student presentations, and discussions in the class will be based on primary scientific literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE PAINTING", number:"null", id:"41384", path:"/courses/41384", description:"Beyond the introduction to technique and materials this course will emphasis the figure in historical & contemporary painting. This course will be based in perception, working from the model and move through modernism and toward varying approaches to the figure. Further investigation about the language of color through color theory will be covered. Drawing 1 pre-requisite, Painting 1 pre-requisite recommended but not mandatory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYSIS OF ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"41151", path:"/courses/41151", description:"An investigation of paradigms for design and analysis of algorithms. The course will include dynamic programming, flows and combinatorial optimization algorithms, linear programming, randomization and a brief introduction to intractability and approximation algorithms. The course will include other advanced topics, time permitting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS", number:"null", id:"41948", path:"/courses/41948", description:"Ethics is the study of right and wrong behavior. This introductory course will introduce students to major ethical theories, the possible sources of normativity, and specific ethical problems and questions. Topics may include euthanasia, abortion, animal rights, the family, sexuality, bioethics, crime and punishment and war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Everyday Technologies and the Making of the Modern World", number:"null", id:"42185", path:"/courses/42185", description:"Long before iPhones and Fitbits, personal technology -- small(ish), portable, purchasable -- had a tremendous impact on the lives of people around the globe.Items such as wristwatches, bicycles, sewing machines and radios could empower their users (or sometimes discipline them), creating economic, educational or recreational opportunities while also being associated with grander ideas and ideologies. This course will explore such everyday technologies across the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, in locations spanning the Americas, Europe,Africa and Asia. We will consider how the use and significance of particular technologies varied according to time and place; how these everyday items couldcontribute to 'self-fashioning' for individuals, nations, and empires; and how,through use and modification, consumers themselves could become part of the story of technological change. In addition to reading a variety of classic and recent scholarship, students will work with a wide array of primary sources (newspapers, photographs, patent records, trade cards) and use digital tools to present their own research projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLINICAL PRACTIUM:DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"40455", path:"/courses/40455", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of middle-aged and older adults in a variety of ambulatory and occupational settings. Opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner with middle-aged and older adults and their families in the community. Interdisciplinary experiences will be pursued & collaborative practice emphasized. Students are expected to assess and begin to manage common chronic health problems in consultation with the appropriate provider of care. The initiation of health promotion & health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Includes 16 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKT/SOC SYS ON INTERNET", number:"null", id:"39026", path:"/courses/39026", description:"Want to understand the sociological and algorithmic aspects of friend recommendation? Want to know how Google decides what 10 answers to return, out of the 10 million matching results? Want to understand how search engines have revolutionized advertising? Then this is the course for you! NETS 150 provides an overview of the issues, theoretical foundations, and existing techniques in networks (social, information, communication) and markets on the Internet. Subsequent NETS courses are available for students wishing to explore any of these topics in greater detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOMECHANICS", number:"null", id:"36781", path:"/courses/36781", description:"This course investigates the application of statics and strength of materials to soft and hard biologic tissues. The course will cover simple force analyses of the musculoskeletal system and introduces the fundamentals of the mechanics of materials including axial loading, torsion and bending and their application to biomechanics. The lecture and recitation will be complemented with hands-on examples emphasizing connections between theoretical principles and practical applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"36544", path:"/courses/36544", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts of the Spanish-speaking world. At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through reading, oral presentations, video viewing, and regular writing assignments. The course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Racial Imaginary: An Acting and Directing Laboratory", number:"null", id:"42203", path:"/courses/42203", description:"The course will engage two on-going events on the Penn campus in the Fall of 2017. These two events are intertwined: one is an exhibition at the Institute of Contemporary Art (ICA) entitled SPEECH ACTS which engages writings and performance by Black writers and artists, the other is THE RACIAL IMAGINARY INSTITUTE founded by Claudia Rankine. The objective of the course is to engage these two projects proposals through the study of acting and directing. Students will read, study, and perform texts while addressing head-on the embodiment of racial constructions for the stage. The work will be performed at an end of semester RACIAL IMAGINARY INSTITUTE Pop-Up show organized by the ICA.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE HERO'S QUEST", number:"null", id:"42565", path:"/courses/42565", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3 DIMENSIONS:TIME/SPACE", number:"null", id:"39433", path:"/courses/39433", description:"Through studio projects, readings and class discussion, this class will begin to address, both conceptually and physically, basic 3D structures and translations between 3D and 2D, as well as materiality, experiential phenomena, light and time-based processes. The interconnection between mediums in our cultural climate employs a wide range of tools, processes, and ideas. It is imperative that visual studies students recognize and think through these connections. The work produced and ideas confronted in this class will facilitate discussions and constructive criticism on the fundamentalsof space and time via the experiential, conceptual, and the formal as essential elements of meaning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"41253", path:"/courses/41253", description:"This course introduces students to advanced study in econometrics, with an emphasis on methods used in microeconomic applications and in evaluating the effects of social interventions. The methods covered include methods for handling limited dependent variables (useful, for example, in forecasting the demand for a new good), maximum likelihood estimators, and flexible semiparametric and non parametric estimation methods, and randomized and nonexperimental methods of estimating treatment effects. Applications of econometrics to the field of program evaluation will also be studied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER RDG/WRTG CHINESEII", number:"null", id:"38286", path:"/courses/38286", description:"This is an intermediate language class presuming basic fluency in speaking and listening and focusing on reading and writing abilities. By the end of the semester students are expected to have mastered the 1200 most commonly used characters and to have the ability to read basic Chinese texts. Students will be prepared for Advanced Modern Chinese or the commercial track.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EST ENTERPRISE", number:"null", id:"38928", path:"/courses/38928", description:"The management of large, established enterprises creates a range of multi-facet challenges for the general manager. A general manager needs to understand the internal workings of a firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account increasing, globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that effective of an established enterprise requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"43142", path:"/courses/43142", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFORMING ARTS IN SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"42099", path:"/courses/42099", description:"This course is a survey of selected traditions of theater, music, and dance in India and surrounding regions. Topics include ritual practices, theater, classical dance, classical music, devotional music, regional genres, and contemporary popular musics. Readings and lectures are supplemented by audio and visual materials and live performances. The aim of the course is to expose students to a variety of performance practices from this part of the world and to situate the performing arts in their social and cultural contexts. The course has no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"44003", path:"/courses/44003", description:"The goal of this course is to teach students of engineering and applied science to be effective negotiators. It aims to improve the way these students communicate i virtually any human interaction. The course intends to improve the ability of engineers and other technology disciplines to gain more support more quickly for projects, researc product and services development, and marketing. For those wanting to be entrepreneurs o r intrapreneurs, the course is designed essentially to find the most value possible in starting up and running companies. Based on Professor Diamond's innovative and renowned model of negotiation, it is intended to assist those for whom technical expertise is not enough to persuade others, internally and externally, to provide resources, promotions and project approvals; or to resolve disputes, solve problems and gain more opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY POL.THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"40580", path:"/courses/40580", description:"This course is intended as a general introduction to political theory since 1900, examining prominent theorists of politics including Max Weber, Hannah Arendt, Carl Schmitt, Isaiah Berlin, Jurgen Habermas, John Rawls, Michel Foucault, and Jacques Derrida. Our theme for the Fall 2012 course will be: The Disenchantment of the World? Topics include: the nature of the the political and the concern, particular to the last century, that politics is itself under attack; the spread of liberal democracy across the globe and a critical appraisal of the moral meaning of this regime; contemporary theories of social justice; and an exploration of various issues pertaining to violence and the politics of security.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEG COMP-AIDED DESIGN", number:"null", id:"42990", path:"/courses/42990", description:"The majority of today's engineered products move through an advanced computer-aided workflow which greatly speeds design and process time. This course will explore the fundamental components of this workflow through a combination of lectures, hands-on exercises, and a semester design project. General course topics include: fundamental design principles, project definition and needfinding, advanced computer-aided design, rapid prototyping techniques, computer-controlled machining, and an in-depth exploration of the modern analysis and simulation tools that have revolutionized the way in which products are designed. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSYC: MORALITY IN BABIES", number:"null", id:"43631", path:"/courses/43631", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Psychology, the study of the human mind, its functions, and its behaviors. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED SCIENCES RELATED TO ANESTHESIA", number:"null", id:"39086", path:"/courses/39086", description:"This course is an in-depth analysis of the chemical and physical principles as they apply to nurse anesthesia practice. Aspects of organic and biochemistry including the chemical structures of compounds and its significance in pharmacology will be explored. Applications of the laws of physics as they pertain to nurse anesthesia practice will be reviewed with specific examples. Emphasis on the dynamics of the anesthesia delivery system and related equipment will be presented.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL AUDIO BASICS", number:"null", id:"42736", path:"/courses/42736", description:"Primer on digital audio. Overview of signal processing, sampling, compression, human psychoacoustics, MP3, intellectual property, hardware and software platform components, and networking (i.e., the basic technical underpinnings of modern MP3 players and cell phones).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & RELIGION", number:"null", id:"42071", path:"/courses/42071", description:"Science and religion are often assumed to be two areas with no zone of overlap. Or they are seen as rivals, destined to make sparks whenever they come into contact. This course explores the interactions of science and religion. It will consider perspectives from science and technology studies on how the nature of 'science' has changed over time, the history of science in its dynamic interactions with religion, and contemporary cognitive and evolutionary perspectives on the origins of religion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"45161", path:"/courses/45161", description:"This course covers one of the most exciting yet fundamental areas in finance: derivative securities. In the modern financial architecture, financial derivatives can be the most challenging and exotic securities traded by institutional specialists, while at the same time, they can also be the basic securities commonly traded by retail investors such as S&P Index Options, Beyond trading, the basic ideas of financial derivatives serve as building blocks to understand a much broader class of financial problems, such as complex asset portfolos, strategic corporate decisions, and stages in venture capital investing. The golobal derivatives market is one of the most fast-growing markets, with over $600 trillion notional value in total. It is important as ever to understand both the strategic opportunities offered by these derivative instruments and risks they imply. The main objective of this course is to help students gain the intuition and skills on (1) pricing and hedging of derivative securities, and (2) using them for investment and risk management. In terms of metholologies, we apply the non-arbitrage principle and the law of one price to dynamic models through three different approaches: the binomial tree model, the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and the simulation-based risk neutral pricing approach. We discuss a wide range", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FUNDAMENTALS II", number:"null", id:"43727", path:"/courses/43727", description:"A studio course exploring the relationship between two-dimensional images and three-dimensional digital and physical models. This studio course develops advanced techniques in digital representation and fabrication through an investigation of the theme of inhabitation in architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITALISM, SOCIALISM, & CRISIS IN TWENTIETH-CENTURY AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"41556", path:"/courses/41556", description:"The United States and Latin America produced a remarkable series of revolutions and reforms during the postwar period. This course examines efforts in the United States, Guatemala, Cuba, and Brazil to define and address problems around land, labor, and property; nation, empire, and autonomy; and racism, democracy, and citizenship. In studying the US and Latin America together, the class invites students to explore central themes of both regions' histories as parts of global processes. We will explore exchanges between social movements in the US, Cuba and Africa, for instance, ask how ideas about poverty traversed national borders, and examine the global rise of human rights consciousness. The class, in other words, not only compares national histories but analyzes the relationships between national upheavals and the global significance of events in the hemisphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"43511", path:"/courses/43511", description:"The continuation of Spanish 110, Spanish 120 is a second-semester elementary language course. See the description of Spanish 110.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCPT IN MICRO-&NANOTEC", number:"null", id:"38501", path:"/courses/38501", description:"Seminar/Lecture course on micro- and nanotechnology intended for nonspecialists. This course will discuss how very small structures and devices, as well as systems comprising these devices, are fabricated and characterized, with application examples from microelectronics, microelectromechanical systems, and quantum devices and systems. Current societal and ethical implications of micro- and nanotechnology, as well as creation and exploitation of commercial opportunities, will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ANC NEAR EAST", number:"null", id:"40393", path:"/courses/40393", description:"The great pyramids and mysterious mummies of Egypt, the fabled Tower of Babel, and the laws of the Babylonian king Hammurabi are some of the things that might come to mind when you think of the ancient Near East. Yet these are only a very few of the many fascinating -- and at time perplexing -- aspects of the civilizations that flourished there c. 3300-300 BCE. This is where writing first developed, where people thought that the gods wrote down what would happen in the future on the lungs and livers of sacrificed sheep, and where people knew how to determine the length of hypotenuse a thousand years before the Greek Pythagoras was born. During this course, we will learn more about these other matters and discover their place in the cultures and civilizations of that area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"41457", path:"/courses/41457", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Arts and Nature", number:"null", id:"41267", path:"/courses/41267", description:"Freshman Seminars under the title 'Topics in Literature' will afford entering students who are considering literary study as their major the opportunity to explore a particular and limited subject with a professor whose current work lies in that area. Topics may range from the lyric poems of Shakespeare's period to the ethnic fiction of contemporary America. Small class-size will insure all students the opportunity to participate in lively discussions. Students may expect frequent and extensive writing assignments, but these seminars are not writing courses; rather, they are intensive introductions to the serious study of literature. One of them may be counted toward the English major and may be applied to a period, genre, or thematic requirement within the major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS I", number:"null", id:"41095", path:"/courses/41095", description:"Principles of statistical mechanics with applications to systems of chemical interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE DIPLOMACY", number:"null", id:"41741", path:"/courses/41741", description:"Are you well prepared to manage or analyze business challenges and competitive threats in a variety of political and social environments? For example, what should you do to dissuade or counter an individual critic armed with a camera phone a YouTube account? Or a decentralized grassroots organization that seemingly pops up overnight, appears to have no single leader or headquarters, and yet is quite successful in capturing media attention? Or a government official who because of a tight reelection campaign or an internal challenge from a populist general turns on you? Lone individuals, small activist groups and unexpected political shifts have done extensive damage to the reputations - and value - of multinationals in recent years. And yet most companies don't plan for, or even think about, investing in building the kinds of solid relationships with community leaders, governments, NGOs, and other key players that can help them avoid such crises and, when necessary, draw upon their reservoir of stakeholder capital to respond quickly and decisively when a challenge or threat emerges. This semester-long class provides an integrative perspective towards the management of these risks and opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIMENTAL WRITING SEM: WASTING TIME ON INTERNET", number:"null", id:"39866", path:"/courses/39866", description:"We spend our lives in front of screens, mostly wasting time: checking social media, watching cat videos, chatting, and shopping. What if these activities clicking, SMSing, status-updating, and random surfing were used as raw material for creating compelling and emotional works of literature? Could we reconstruct our autobiography using only Facebook? Could we write a great novella by plundering our Twitter feed? Could we reframe the internet as the greatest poem ever written? Using our laptops and a wifi connection as our only materials, this class will focus on the alchemical recuperation of aimless surfing into substantial works of literature. Students will be required to stare at the screen for three hours, only interacting through chat rooms, bots, social media and listservs. To bolster our practice, we'll explore the long history of the recuperation of boredom and time-wasting through critical texts about affect theory, ASMR, situationism and everyday life by thinkers such as Guy Debord, Mary Kelly Erving Goffman, Betty Friedan, Raymond Williams, John Cage, Georges Perec, Michel de Certeau, Henri Lefevbre, Trin Minh-ha, Stuart Hall, Sianne Ngai, Siegfried Kracauer and others. Distraction, multi-tasking, and aimless drifting is mandatory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP II", number:"null", id:"44005", path:"/courses/44005", description:"This course is the sequel to EAS 545 and focuses on the planning process for a new technology venture. Like its prerequisite, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. Whereas EAS 545 investigates the sequential stages of engineering entrepreneurship from the initial idea through the early growth phase of a startup company, EAS 546 provides hands-on experience in developing a business plan for such a venture. Working in teams, students prepare and present a comprehensive business plan for a high-tech opportunity. The course expands on topics from EAS 545 with more in-depth attention to: industry and marketplace analysis; competitive strategies related to high-tech product/service positioning, marketing, development and operations; and preparation of sound financial plans. Effective written and verbal presentation skills are emphasized throughout the course. Ultimately, each team presents its plan to a distinguished panel of recognized entrepreneurs, investors and advisors from the high-tech industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"36911", path:"/courses/36911", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"44933", path:"/courses/44933", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS II", number:"null", id:"40484", path:"/courses/40484", description:"This online didactic course, designed for the practicing nurse practitioners or clinical nurse specialists seeking to gain knowledge and skills relative to care of adult gerontology acute care patients, focuses on the medical and surgical issues of the neurological, renal, gastrointestinal, hematological, oncologic and orthopedic systems. This course examines the epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based, interprofessional team approach to the nursing and medical management of patients is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"44473", path:"/courses/44473", description:"Continuation of Math 502.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE FOR SEEING: ARCHITECTURE AND THE MOVING IMAGE", number:"null", id:"38544", path:"/courses/38544", description:"Architecture's relationship with cinema was established with the very first motion picture. In Sortie de l'usine Lumiere de Lyon by Auguste and Louis Lumiere we see a didactic presentation of film titles as workers from the Lumiere brother's factory stream forth from its interior at days end. In many ways the context of the film is its subject as well. The title of the class plays on Le Corbusier's maxim that architecture is machine for living and perhaps cinema is simply a machine for helping us understand the vast construct of our built environment. A device, which allows us to imagine even greater follies or more importantly to think critically about architecture's relationship with and impact on society. Readings, screenings, discussions and critiques make up the curriculum along with studio time. Students will produce their own film and we will look at films produced by a range of practioners: From architects speculating on the nature of and use of public space and urban development to documentarians researching the pathologies of neo-liberalism and its effect on the privatization of space. We will also look at the work of artists who engage with the poetics of space and who unpack the conflicted legacies of the built environment", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORKED SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41160", path:"/courses/41160", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts in the design and implementation of networked systems, their protocols, and applications. Topics to be covered include: Internet architecture, network applications, addressing, routing, transport protocols, network security, and peer-to-peer networks. The course will involve written assignments, examinations, and programming assignments.. Students will work in teams to design and implement networked systems in layers, from routing protocols, transport protocols, to peer-to-peer networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MORPHOLOGY I", number:"null", id:"40240", path:"/courses/40240", description:"This course will explore some issues concerning the internal structure of words. After a brief introduction to some basic terms and concepts, we will discuss the interaction of morphology with phonology. We will look both at how morphology conditions phonological rules and how phonology conditions morphology. Then we will turn to the interaction of syntax and morphology. We will look at some problems raised by inflectional morphology, clitics and compounds. The main requirement for the class will be a series of homework exercises in morphological analysis and a short paper at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIAT MALAYALAM II", number:"null", id:"43149", path:"/courses/43149", description:"This course is designed to further the language skills learned in Beginning Malayalam. Direct and indirect speech, passive voice, postpositions, and rules of joining words, will be included. Reading and discussion of texts from current Malayalam literature (essays, narration, short stories, and poems) will be a major portion of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED POETRY WRITING", number:"null", id:"35646", path:"/courses/35646", description:"This workshop is especially valuable for creative writing concentrators in poetry within the English Major, for those who are working on longer works, or for those who wish to work on a series of poems connected by style and subject matter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL LEADERSHIP", number:"null", id:"39236", path:"/courses/39236", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Race Development and American International Relations, Hegel and Marx, and Logic of the West.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INEQUALITY & RACE POLICY", number:"null", id:"39232", path:"/courses/39232", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESTIMATION & DETEC THRY", number:"null", id:"38536", path:"/courses/38536", description:"Statistical decision making constitutes the core of multiple engineering systems like communication, networking, signal processing, control, market dynamics, biological systems, data processing, etc. We strive to introduce mathematical theories that formulate statistical decision and obtain decision making algorithms with application to one or more of the above domains. This course will be offered every other year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOVIET & POST-SOV ECON", number:"null", id:"40649", path:"/courses/40649", description:"The course will cover the development and operation of the Soviet centrally planned economy--one of the grandest social experiments of the 20th century. We will review the mechanisms of plan creation, the push for the collectivization and further development of Soviet agriculture, the role of the Soviet educational system and the performance of labor markets (including forced labor camps--GULags). We will discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the Soviet system and the causes of its collapse. Privatization, called by some 'piratization,' will be one of the central issues in our consideration of the transition from central planning to a market economy in the early 1990s. Even though our main focus will be on the Soviet economy and post-Soviet transition, we will occasionally look back in time to the tsarist era and even further back to find evidence to help explain Soviet/Russian economic development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING YIDDISH I", number:"null", id:"38041", path:"/courses/38041", description:"The goal of this course is to help beginning students develop skills in Yiddish conversation, reading and writing. Yiddish is the medium of a millennium of Jewish life. We will frequently have reason to refer to the history and culture of Ashkenazie Jewry in studying the language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"36556", path:"/courses/36556", description:"Continuation of STAT 101. A thorough treatment of multiple regression, model selection, analysis of variance, linear logistic regression; introduction to time series. Business applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Dark Deeds: Crime and Detection Novels", number:"null", id:"38687", path:"/courses/38687", description:"The detective story and the crime drama are time-honored genres of literature and popular culture. We are drawn to morbid scenes of violence and crime, and satisfied by the apprehension of criminals and their punishment. At the same time, the process of detection, of deciphering clues, is much like the process of reading and interpretion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORECASTING METHODS MGMT", number:"null", id:"37959", path:"/courses/37959", description:"This course provides an introduction to the wide range of techniques available for statistical forecasting. Qualitative techniques, smoothing and decomposition of time series, regression, adaptive methods, autoregressive-moving average modeling, and ARCH and GARCH formulations will be surveyed. The emphasis will be on applications, rather than technical foundations and derivations. The techniques will be studied critically, with examination of their usefulness and limitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: THE POLITICS OF HOME", number:"null", id:"36638", path:"/courses/36638", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GIS MAP PLAC & ANALY SPA: GIS MAPPING PLACES & ANALYZING SPACES", number:"null", id:"39915", path:"/courses/39915", description:"This course is a hands-on introduction to the concepts and capabilities of geographic information systems (GIS). Students will develop the skills necessary for carrying out basic GIS projects and for advanced GIS coursework. The class will focus on a broad range of functional and practical applications,ranging from environmental science and planning to land use history, social demography, and public health. By the end of the course, students will be ableto find, organize, map, and analyze data using both vector (i.e. drawing-based) and raster (i.e. image-based) GIS tools, while developing an appreciation for basic cartographic principles relating to map presentation.This course fulfillsthe spatial analysis requirement for ENVS and EASC Majors. Previous experiencein the use of GIS is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSPORTATION AND AMERICAN SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"38004", path:"/courses/38004", description:"Transportation affects every aspect of American society; from how we get to work or school, to how we shop and play. Transportation policy at all levels of American government has serious implications for social justice and economic development. Moreover, some of today's most intense political battles center on transportation policy across America and within its cities, be it funding High Speed Rail in California or placing bike lanes in the heart of Manhattan. Transportation and American Society will expose students to the role transportation has played the development of America and its cities as well as its impact on politics and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDATIONS OF ENG MATH II", number:"null", id:"44109", path:"/courses/44109", description:"This is the second course of a two semester sequence, but each course is self contained. Over the two semesters topics are drawn from various branches of applied mathematics that are relevant to engineering and applied science. These include: Linear Algebra and Vector Spaces, Hilbert spaces, Higher-Dimensional Calculus, Vector Analysis, Differential Geometry, Tensor Analysis, Optimization and Variational Calculus, Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations, Initial-Value and Boundary-Value Problems, Green's Functions, Special Functions, Fourier Analysis, Integral Transforms and Numerical Analysis. The spring course emphasizes the study of Vector Analysis: space curves, Frenet-Serret formulae, vector theorems, reciprocal systems, co- and contra-variant components, orthogonal curvilinear systems. Matrix theory: Gauss-Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, quadratic and canonical forms. Variational calculus: Euler-Lagrange equation. Tensor Analysis: Einstein summation, tensors of arbitrary order, dyads and polyads, outer and inner products, quotient law, metric tensor, Euclidean and Riemannian spaces, physical components , covariant differentiation, detailed evaluation of Christoffel symbols, Ricci's theorem, intrinsic differentiation, generalized acceleration, Geodesics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV PRAC NURS-ONCOLOGY: ADVANCED PRACTICE NURSING FOR ONCOLOGY CARE", number:"null", id:"37679", path:"/courses/37679", description:"Students are introduced to cancer epidemiology and pathophysiology, cancer genetics, prevention, risk assessment and reduction for specific cancers, screening techniques, diagnostic procedures and criteria, and local and systemic therapies used to treat cancer. The influence of individual characteristics on health promotion, health behaviors, population cancer risk, and cancer detection are explored in the context of biological, psychological, socioeconomic and sociocultural factors across age groups from adolescents to older adults. Evidence-based practice guidelines and research are applied to promote healthy lifestyles, monitor cancer risk, address psychosocial issues, facilitate access to care, and reduce health care disparities for populations at risk and diagnosed with cancer, and cancer survivors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"36749", path:"/courses/36749", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"40072", path:"/courses/40072", description:"The German House is a half-credit course with concentrations in German conversation, film, and culture. Though many students enroll for credit, others often come to select events. All interested parties are invited, and you do not have to actually live in the house to enroll for credit. Students from all different levels of language proficiency are welcome. Beginners learn from more advanced students, and all enjoy a relaxed environment for maintaining or improving their German language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POETRY POST 1975", number:"null", id:"38483", path:"/courses/38483", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century poetry intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS ADVANCED JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"40193", path:"/courses/40193", description:"Readings in advanced literary and journalistic texts written in modern Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"43348", path:"/courses/43348", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"37945", path:"/courses/37945", description:"Continuation of STAT 101. A thorough treatment of multiple regression, model selection, analysis of variance, linear logistic regression; introduction to time series. Business applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"44103", path:"/courses/44103", description:"This course will provide an introduction to computation and data analysis using MATLAB - an industry standard programming and visualization environment. The course will cover the fundamentals of computing including: variables, functions, decisions, iteration, and recursion. These concepts will be illustrated through examples and assignments which show how computing is applied to various scienti?c and engineering problems. Examples will be drawn from the simulation of physical and chemical systems, the analysis of experimental data, Monte Carlo numerical experiments, image processing, and the creation of graphical user interfaces. This course does not assume any prior programming experience but will make use of basic concepts from calculus and Newtonian physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Operations and Information Management", number:"null", id:"43291", path:"/courses/43291", description:"OIDD 101 explores a variety of common quantitative modeling problems that arise frequently in business settings, and discusses how they can be formally modeled and solved with a combination of business insight and computer-based tools. The key topics covered include capacity management, service operations, inventory control, structured decision making, constrained optimization and simulation. This course teaches how to model complex business situations and how to master tools to improve business performance. The goal is to provide a set of foundational skills useful for future coursework atWharton as well as providing an overview of problems and techniques that characterize disciplines that comprise Operations and Information Management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAG II", number:"null", id:"43355", path:"/courses/43355", description:"Second term course in intermediate electromagnetism. Topics include magnetostatic forces and fields, magnetized media, Maxwell's equations, Poynting and stress theorems, free field solutions to Maxwell's equations, and radiation from separable and nonseparable time dependent charge and current distributions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39732", path:"/courses/39732", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of distributed systems, and the design principles for building large scale computational systems. Topics covered include communication, concurrency, programming paradigms, naming, managing shared state, caching, synchronization, reaching agreement, fault tolerance, security, middleware, and distributed applications. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FREN:ACCELERATD", number:"null", id:"44227", path:"/courses/44227", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the intermediate year. See descriptions of French 130 and 140. Students must have a departmental permit to register. Also offered in the summer Penn-in-Tours program in France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"36973", path:"/courses/36973", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamentals of communication behavior. It focuses on social science studies relating to the processes and effects of mass communication. Research reviewed includes media use behavior and media influences on knowledge, perceptions of social reality, aggressive behavior, and political behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"44647", path:"/courses/44647", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH CENT EUR INTEL HIST", number:"null", id:"42955", path:"/courses/42955", description:"Starting with the dual challenges of Enlightenment and Revolution at the close of the eighteenth century, this course examines the emergence of modern European thought and culture in the century from Kant to Nietzsche. Themes to be considered include Romanticism, Utopian Socialism, early Feminism, Marxism, Liberalism, and Aestheticism. Readings include Kant, Hegel, Burke, Marx, Mill, Wollstonecraft, Darwin, Schopenhauer, and Nietzsche.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY LEADERSHIP IN THE AMERICAN SYSTEM OF HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"43271", path:"/courses/43271", description:"This course will explore the philosophy and growth of public policy that has directed the American Health Care System in its ever expanding movement toward universal health care for all citizens. Analysis of health policy and systems content will assist the students to identify the knowledge and skills needed for the health or human service provider to assume leadership roles in the formulation of public policy for change; this includes system restructuring, service delivery and funding of health care. Emphasis will be on the effect of policy on the individual/family user of health care services rather than the effect on professional health care providers or health care delivery systems. Special attention will be given to the effect of policy on populations, both urban and rural, living near and below the poverty level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ACTING", number:"null", id:"42198", path:"/courses/42198", description:"Rooted in the system devised by Constantine Stanislavsky, but incorporating a wide variety of approaches, including improvisation, this courtesies students step by step through the practical work an actor must do to live and behave truthfully on-stage. Beginning with relaxation and physical exercise, interactive games, and ensemble building, students then learn and put into practice basic acting techniques, including sensory work, the principles of action, objectives, given circumstances, etc. The semester culminates in the performance of a scene or scenes, most often from a play from the Realist tradition. This course strongly stresses a commitment to actor work and responsibility to one's fellow actors. Practical work is supplemented by readings from Stanislavsky and a variety of other acting theorists that may include Uta Hagen, Robert Cohen, Stella Adler, among others. Students are required to submit short essays over the course of the semester in response to the readings and in preparation for their final scene project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROGRAMMING FOR THE WEB", number:"null", id:"39742", path:"/courses/39742", description:"This course will focus on web programming. The first half will focus on the basics of the internet and the Web, HTML and CSS, and basic and advanced Ruby. The second half will focus on Rails. Teams (of size 2-3) will build a web application in the second half of the semester as the class project. Through Rails, we'll ex;ore the 'culture' of web programming such as agile methodology, testing, key aspects of software engineering, using web services and APIs, and deploying to the cloud.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Thinking About Popular Music", number:"null", id:"41796", path:"/courses/41796", description:"This course traces the history of popular music in America from the nineteenth century to the present. We will start with parlor songs and social class and the racialized rise of minstrelsy in the antebellum period, track the separation of highbrow and lowbrow culture in the 19th century, explore the explosion of new styles in the early twentieth century, and witness the birth of hugely influential genres such as rock n roll in the 1950s and hip hop in the 1970s and 1980s. Throughout the semester we will consider how popular music intersects with and reflects individual and social identity, particularly in terms of race, class, gender, and sexuality. Students will engage intensively with popular songs and pieces while also gaining a firm grounding in the historical and social forces of which music was a part.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM PERSIAN II", number:"null", id:"36318", path:"/courses/36318", description:"This course is designed to help you build upon what you have learned in Elementary Persian I. Emphasis is placed on using the language for interpersonal, interpretive, and presentational modes of communication. Therefore use of English is restricted. Listening, speaking, reading, and writing-as well as culture, vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation-are integrated into the course. Students must either have successfully completed PERS-011, or take the departmental exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH COMM & ACAD WRITING", number:"null", id:"44002", path:"/courses/44002", description:"Students will improve the grammar, word choice and organization of their professional writing by completing weekly writing assignments and a full-length research paper. Students will also give short oral presentations and receive feedback on pronunciation, wording, grammar and organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERSTANDING CAREERS: Understanding Careers and Executive Labor Markets", number:"null", id:"43127", path:"/courses/43127", description:"This course examines the structure of executive careers in order to help understand how those careers can be managed most effectively. By drawing on extensive economic, sociological and psychological research on careers, we will examine such questions as when executives should move on to the next job or evenchange fields altogether, and what are effective means of finding jobs, achieving promotions, managing networks, and achieving work-life balance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV REAL EST INV, ANALYS", number:"null", id:"39266", path:"/courses/39266", description:"This course, is designed for majors in Real Estate, but is also open to finance-oriented students who wish a deeper analysis of real estate investment and investment analysis issues than that offered in REAL/FNCE 721. The class will contain a mixture of lectures, guest speakers and case discussions. Academic research is paired with recent industry analysis of key issues in order to marry sound theory and empirical results with current events and practices. Several classes will include lectures outlining what economics and finance tell us about a number of topics. Generally, these will be followed by guest lectures from industry professionals who will focus on a specific application of the principles introduced in the lectures. Format: Lecture, industry speakers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBED SYS/MICROCONT LAB", number:"null", id:"44128", path:"/courses/44128", description:"An introduction to interfacing real-world sensors and actuators to embedded microprocessor systems. Concepts needed for building electronic systems for real-time operation and user interaction, such as digital input/outputs, interrupt service routines, serial communications, and analog-to-digital conversion will be covered. The course will conclude with a final project where student-designed projects are featured in presentations and demonstrations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT PROP&BUS LAW FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"38406", path:"/courses/38406", description:"Engineers are often on the front line of innovation. The goal of this course is to introduce engineering students to the basics of Intellectual property (IP) and business laws that they will encounter throughout their careers. Understanding these laws is critical for the protection of IP and for the creation and success of high-tech start-up ventures. Market advantage in large part springs from a company's IP. Without legal protection and correct business formation, proprietary designs, processes, and inventions could be freely used by competitors, ruining market advantage. A basic understanding of IP laws, contractual transactions, employment agreements, business structures, and debt-equity financing will help engineering students to become effective employees or entrepreneurs, to acquire investors, and to achieve success. Though open to students of all disciplines, the course will use case studies particular relevance to students of engineering and applied science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVOCATIVE PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"37988", path:"/courses/37988", description:"Theatre began as a form that excluded women entirely. The plays of ancient Greece and Elizabethan England were written and performed only by men, beginning a long tradition of theatre that represented women only from male perspectives. Has that tradition been so dominant for so long that women's voices on stage are still a novelty? This course focuses on a wide range of plays and performances by and about women; the work we read (and view) will evidence artistic attempts to represent women's lives, experiences and perspectives on the stage. Among the issues encountered and examined in these works are the roles of love, sexuality, friendship, career, community, marriage, motherhood, family, and feminism in women's lives - as well as the economic and political position(s) of women in society. The course will also offer contextual background on feminist theatre history, theory, and literature, as well as the diverse (and divergent) creative efforts of female artists to use use live performance as a means of creating social and political change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPAN II: GRMR/COMP", number:"null", id:"42154", path:"/courses/42154", description:"Spanish 212 is an advanced-level language course that emphasizes the acquisition of the tools necessary for successful written expression in Spanish. These tools include a solid knowledge of the major points of Spanish grammar, an ample vocabulary, control of the mechanics of the language (spelling, punctuation, etc.), and a thorough understanding of the writing process. Throughout the semester, students will use these tools to analyze authentic texts and to produce a variety of written assignments. By the end of the course, students will have developed their awareness of the norms of standard Spanish and learned to incorporate these features into their own writing. The class will be conducted in Spanish and students are expected to speak in Spanish at all times. Any questions about placement should be addressed to the directors of the Spanish language program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"42554", path:"/courses/42554", description:"The goals of this course are twofold: (1) to take good programmers and turn them into excellent ones, and (2) to introduce them to a range of modern software engineering practices, in particular those embodied in advanced functional programming languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPETITIVE STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41723", path:"/courses/41723", description:"This is an advanced course in competitive strategy. The course will apply the tools of industrial organization economics and game theory to examine the strategic decisions that managers make. We will examine those decisions concerning pricing, capacity investment, advertising, new product introductions, and research and development. Emphasis will be placed on the strategic interaction among rival sellers. In particular we will look at the various methods of entry deterrence and strategic commitment. The course will attempt to integrate traditional economic models with case study materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED PHYSIOLOGY FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA II", number:"null", id:"41887", path:"/courses/41887", description:"This course provides an in-depth analysis of the anatomy, physiology and pathophysiology of the hepatic, renal, nervous, hormonal, immunologic and hematological systems and related anesthesia implications. The focus of discussion will be on the special considerations when delivering anesthetic agents to patients. Emphasis will be placed on the assessment of the patient with common disorders of these systems. Nurse anesthesia care related to patients undergoing surgeries involving each system will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Sustainable Initiatives in Higher Education", number:"null", id:"35699", path:"/courses/35699", description:"In 2007, Penn became one of the first universities in the country to commit to creating a more sustainable campus. President Amy Gutmann's press release on February 7, 2005 announced that Penn would develop a comprehensive sustainability plan by 2009. In President Gutmann's speech, she stated that Penn's sustainability plan would, 'Include completing a comprehensive inventory of all its greenhouse gas emissions; purchasing at least 15 percent of its electricity from renewable sources; adopting an energy efficient appliance purchasing program; committing to a policy that new construction be built to the US Green Building Council LEED Silver standards, or equivalent; and providing access to public transit for faculty, students, and staff.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRACTICE NURSING PRACTICE: PSYCHIATRIC MENTAL HEALTH NP I", number:"null", id:"41894", path:"/courses/41894", description:"Supervised advanced psychiatric mental health nursing practice with children, adolescents and their families, or adults and/or older adults and their families in a variety of settings, depending on the subspecialty option selected. Focus is on clinical assessment/diagnosis and decision-making. A minimum of 16 hours of practice and 3 hours of small group supervision is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAMES AND SIGNALS", number:"null", id:"41664", path:"/courses/41664", description:"Game Theory has provided a new way of looking at linguistic meaning, particularly pragmatics (the use of language). This course will survey the use of Game Theory in linguistics as well as develop the techniques for studying signaling behavior. We will look at the formal foundations of signaling with particular attention paid to games of incomplete information (games where even which game is being played is uncertain). This will allow us to extend pragmatics beyond Gricean conversational maxims to areas like deception and polite signaling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF AMER LAW TO 1877", number:"null", id:"40126", path:"/courses/40126", description:"The course surveys the development of law in the U.S. to 1877, including such subjects as: the evolution of the legal profession, the transformation of English law during the American Revolution, the making and implementation of the Constitution, and issues concerning business and economic development, the law of slavery, the status of women, and civil rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS II", number:"null", id:"35448", path:"/courses/35448", description:"A continuation of CHEM 521. The course will emphasize the statistical mechanical description of systems in condensed phases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED POETRY WRITING", number:"null", id:"42682", path:"/courses/42682", description:"This workshop is especially valuable for creative writing concentrators in poetry within the English Major, for those who are working on longer works, or for those who wish to work on a series of poems connected by style and subject matter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Natural and Cultural Heritage in Global Perspective", number:"null", id:"36741", path:"/courses/36741", description:"This seminar will explore the ideas surrounding the theories, discourses, and practices surrounding natural and cultural heritage. Heritage has become inscribed in the planning of urban and rural landscapes, designed as tourist destinations, and considered a universal good in global cosmopolitan society. But it would be well to ask: what kind of 'nature' and 'culture' has been labeled as heritage? What kind of organizations, economics, and politics are necessary to sustain it? How are these put in place? By whom? For whom? Over the course of the semester, students will engage with readings that discuss how cultural and natural heritage is communicated to the public and the relationship between academic critique and pragmatic social engagement. This seminar is further grounded by a partnership between the Penn Cultural Heritage Center and the U.S. Mission to UNESCO focused on the assessment of World Heritage Sites, and students will have the opportunity to learn from and participate in specific case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TABLA II", number:"null", id:"36485", path:"/courses/36485", description:"A continuation of Tabla I, also open to beginning students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  HOME HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"41849", path:"/courses/41849", description:"This course examines the major aspects of home-based care across patients' life spans from acute to long term care. New trends, advances, and issues in home management of complex conditions, innovative delivery systems and legal, ethical and policy consideration will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVE WRITING", number:"null", id:"37042", path:"/courses/37042", description:"A course designed to allow the students to discover their own talents in at least two forms from a list that includes fiction, poetry, journalistic writing, creative nonfiction writing, and memoir. Though emphasis is on practice, classroom work includes discussion of theory as well as readings in published works. Frequent writing assignments. Reading lists vary with each section. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADVERTISNG", number:"null", id:"37550", path:"/courses/37550", description:"This course focuses on advertising via all media - print, digital, video, TV, Internet, etc. Emphasis is placed on understanding the communication development process and consumer behavior (psychology), the measurement and evaluation of advertising effects, and developing appropriate media plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING DIVERSITY IN ORG: Leading Diversity in Organizations", number:"null", id:"41726", path:"/courses/41726", description:"People in the workplace are constantly interacting with peers, managers, and customers with very different backgrounds and experiences. When harnessed effectively, these differences can be the catalyst for creative breakthroughs and the pathway to team and organizational learning and effectiveness; but when misunderstood, these differences can challenge employees' values, performance, workplace relationships, and team effectiveness. This course is designed to help students navigate diverse organizational settings more effectively and improve their ability to work within and lead diverse teams and organizations. It also offers students the opportunity to develop their critical thinking on topics such as identity, relationships across difference, discrimination and bias, equality, and equity in organizations and society and how they relate to organizational issues of power, privilege, opportunity, inclusion,creativity and innovation and organizational effectiveness. Class sessions will be experiential and discussion-based. Readings, self-reflection, guest speakers from organizations, case studies and a final project will also be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE AND OBJECTIVITY", number:"null", id:"44768", path:"/courses/44768", description:"This course is an exploration of traditional philosophical questions concerning objectivity in science. We will start by addressing central questions in feminist philosophy of science, such as what is objective reality and what is objective knowledge? Next, we will explore whether science discovers objective real entities or relations, which is a central topic in the scientific realism debate. We will also explore whether scientific knowledge is objective. We will read mostly 20th and 21st century philosophers of science, such as Goodman, Kuhn, Psillos, and Longino. We will also apply what we learn to at least one case study. UNDERGRADUATES NEED PERMISSION", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: ADV. NURS. COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT TO IMPROVE YOUTH/ADULT HEALTH IN COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"36224", path:"/courses/36224", description:"An opportunity to develop and implement an individual plan of study under faculty guidance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APOC DESIGN II", number:"null", id:"39905", path:"/courses/39905", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METEOROLOGY & CLIMATE: METEOROLOGY AND EARTH'S CLIMATE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"38668", path:"/courses/38668", description:"This course deals with the study of the two main parts of Earth's climate system, the atmosphere and the ocean. It explores, qualitatively and quantitatively,the physical laws, geological and geographical processes, and mass and energy budgets that govern these two parts and their combined influence on Earth's past and present climate. Main topics covered include, but not limited to, properties of air and water; physical balances; equilibrium states; transport of heat and mass; clouds; precipitation; storms; regional and global climate; ozone layer; seasons and climate; weather forecasting; atmospheric optics; ocean currents; ocean bathymetry, salinity, and atmospheric forcing; history of Earth's changing climate in the geologic record, global warming, and how climate impacts humans and how do humans impact climate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN AMERICAN CULTURE", number:"null", id:"41553", path:"/courses/41553", description:"Through the twentieth century, American culture took on new forms and meanings, spurred by technological innovation, commerce, and institutions, and shaped by an ever-changing population. In the process, American culture became self-consciously 'modern'-embraced, contested, repudiated, and continually redefined. This course explores the history of American culture from the 1890s to the 1990s, with a focus on the following questions: Why did culture become such an important part of American economic, social, and political life in the twentieth century? How has culture been created, understood, and mobilized by different groups in American society at different times? What have been the politics of culture over the twentieth century? Topics include the rise of 'culture industries' and mass entertainment, including amusement parks, film, radio, and television; the growth of consumer culture; the impact of gender in such arenas as sports and fashion; the role of working-class peoples, African Americans, and immigrants in American culture; the cultural response to the Depression and World War II; and popular activism. The course emphasizes the study of primary documents-journalism, fiction, letters and diaries, music, photographs, and film-as a means of understanding the past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPRY CONT'L PHILOS", number:"null", id:"43341", path:"/courses/43341", description:"This MLA seminar is an introduction to 20th-century continental European philosophy, focusing on the origins and development of phenomenology, existentialism, hermeneutics, and deconstruction. No previous background in philosophy is required. We will begin with an introduction to the phenomenology of Edmund Husserl and the contemporary debate over its proper interpretation. Then we will examine three existentialist critics of Husserl, whose philosophies have influenced much of recent continental thought: Martin Heidegger, Jean-Paul Sartre, and Maurice Merleau-Ponty. Finally, we will examine the important influence of phenomenology and existentialism on contemporary trends in continental philosophy as exhibited in works by Paul Ricoeur, Hans Georg Gadamer, Jacques Derrida, Hannah Arendt, and Emmanuel Levinas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH SERVICES SYS", number:"null", id:"45181", path:"/courses/45181", description:"This course provides an overview of the evolution, structure and current issues in the health care system. It examines the unique features of health care as a product, and the changing relationships between patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, employers, communities, and government. The course examines three broad segments of the health care industry: payors, providers and suppliers. Within the payor segment, the course examines the sources and destinations of spending, managed care (HMOs, PPOs),employer based health insurance, technology assessment, payor strategy, and efforts to pay for the elderly, the poor & the medically indigent. Within the provider segment, the course examines the impact of cost containment and competition on hospitals and integrated delivery systems, long term care and disease management, and the important role of epidemiology in assessing population health needs and risks. Within the supplier segment, the course will examine developments in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical devices, genomics and IT industries. NOTE: This is a required course for Wharton Graduate Health Care Management majors; it counts as an elective course for all other Wharton Graduate students. It is also open to Law School and Nursing School students with a joint Wharton Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"41081", path:"/courses/41081", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA/CULT/SOCI/CHINA: Media Culture & Society in Contemporary China", number:"null", id:"36522", path:"/courses/36522", description:"This course studies contemporary Chinese media, culture, and society in the context of globalization. Major topics include Internet expression and censorship, mass media commercialization, entertainment media, middle class and consumerism, environmental degradation, new forms of inequality, and civil society and popular protest. Taking a sociological approach, this course introduces methods anad theories for analyzing media, institutions, inequality, and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40330", path:"/courses/40330", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - MODERNISM: MODERNISMS:  1922/2022", number:"null", id:"35661", path:"/courses/35661", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary modernism intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Past offerings have included seminars on the avant-garde, on the politics of modernism, and on its role in shaping poetry, music, and the visual arts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHILD AND ADOLESCENT MENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"40438", path:"/courses/40438", description:"This course is designed to prepare advanced practice registered nurses to address mental health concerns of children, adolescents and their families from a bio-psycho-socio-cultural perspective. Prevention, assessment, and treatment of psychiatric disorders affecting children and adolescents in a variety of settings will be presented in the context of mental health, school and primary health care delivery systems. Students will explore both pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatment strategies, as well as methods to identify and implement evidence-based practice in child and adolescent populations. Mental health policy, as well as the unique needs of special populations (e.g., youth in the juvenile justice system) will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Country, the City and the Borderland in Contemporary Latin American Lit", number:"null", id:"39355", path:"/courses/39355", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PIW: CORE SEMINAR: CONDUCTING PUBLIC POLICY RESEARCH IN WASHINGTON", number:"null", id:"42028", path:"/courses/42028", description:"This seminar is taught in Washington D.C. for students enrolled in the Washington Semester Program. It includes an orientation to observation and research in the Washington Community and a major independent research project on the politics of governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"39621", path:"/courses/39621", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Two broad areas will be considered 1) Molecular Biology: DNA replication, transcription, translation, regulation of gene expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic systems, and genomics and 2) Genetics: basic Mendelian & molecular genetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENRSHP: Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship", number:"null", id:"40221", path:"/courses/40221", description:"Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical and intensive course that examines the critical legal and transactional issues confronting start-up and emerging growth companies. Although the context of the course is early stage companies, many of the concepts studied are equally applicable to more mature, established companies. The course provides perspective on how to use the law strategically to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize shareholder value. Topics include the enforceability of confidentiality, non-competition and other restrictive covenants in employment agreements; choice of business form including the legal, financial and tax advantages and disadvantages of general partnerships, limited partnerships, corporations and limited liability companies; tax and securities law; legal aspects of raising capital including structuring venture capital and private equity financing; entrepreneurial acquisition structures, employment law, and intellectual property law including trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTINUUM TISSUE MECH", number:"null", id:"43776", path:"/courses/43776", description:"This course introduces tensor calculus and continuum mechanics, with a focus on finite-deformation behavior of biological tissues including skin, tendon/ligament, cartilage, bone, blood vessels, nerves.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS IN FIN REPORTIN", number:"null", id:"40885", path:"/courses/40885", description:"This intensive one-semester course focuses on how to extract and interpret information in financial statements. The course adopts a user perspective of accounting by illustrating several specific accounting issues in a decision context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"43510", path:"/courses/43510", description:"This graduate seminar will introduce students to some of the key theoretical and empirical work in the sociology of education. We will examine how schools work to maintain or alleviate inequality, and focus on differences in educational achievement and attainment by race, ethnicity, immigrant status, class, and gender. We will review work on the educational experiences of youth from early childhood to young adulthood.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN CHRONOBIOL & SLEEP", number:"null", id:"38198", path:"/courses/38198", description:"Topics to be covered include basic principles of chronobiology; neuroscience mechanisms of circadian rhythms and sleep; phylogeny and ontongeny of sleep; human sleep and sleep disorders; circadian dysfunction; circadian and sleep homeostatic influences in human health and safety.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"44752", path:"/courses/44752", description:"In this course we will investigate some of the ethical issues that arise from our relationship with the environment. Topics may include : What are our responsibilities toward the environment, as individuals and as members of institutions? How do our responsibilities toward the environment relate to other ethical considerations? Do non-human animals/species/ecosystems have intrinsic value? What should conservationists conserve?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP & NETWORK SEC", number:"null", id:"39738", path:"/courses/39738", description:"This is an introduction to topics in the security of computer systems and communication on networks of computers. The course covers four major areas: fundamentals of cryptography, security for communication protocols, security for operating systems and mobile programs, and security for electronic commerce. Sample specific topics include: passwords and offline attacks, DES, RSA, DSA, SHA, SSL, CBC, IPSec, SET, DDoS attacks, biometric authentication, PKI, smart cards, S/MIME, privacy on the Web, viruses, security models, wireless security, and sandboxing. Students will be expected to display knowledge of both theory and practice through written examinations and programming assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ETHICS", number:"null", id:"37751", path:"/courses/37751", description:"This is a special course on topics in ethics. The content of the course will vary from semester to semester, but will focus on issues in applied ethics. Because of the interdisciplinary nature of the topics, readings may come from philosophy as well as other fields including sociology, public health, biology, and complex systems research. PHILOSOPHY MAJORS ONLY.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIALS IN MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36089", path:"/courses/36089", description:"This course covers materials concepts that are essential in mechanical design. The properties, selection, and processing of a wide range of materials (including metals, ceramics, polymers, composites) are examined from both a fundamental and practical perspective. The relationship of material properties to bonding and microstructure of materials are discussed. An emphasis is placed on mechanical properties of materials, including modulus, strength, fracture, fatigue, wear, and creep. Design-based case studies are used to illustrate the selection of materials and processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced French Cross Cultural Focus: Penn in Tours", number:"null", id:"45169", path:"/courses/45169", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECON & GAME", number:"null", id:"37538", path:"/courses/37538", description:"The purpose of this course is to develop students' abilities to apply game theory to decision making. Development of the tools of game theory and the application of those tools is emphasized. Game theory has become an important tool for managers and consultants in analyzing and implementing tactical as well as strategic actions. This course will primarily focus on examples useful for developing competitive strategy in the private sector (pricing and product strategy, capacity choices, contracting and negotiating, signaling and bluffing, takeover strategy, etc.). Game theory can also be used to address problems relevant to a firm's organizational strategy (e.g., internal incentives and information flow within a firm) and to a firm's non-market environment (e.g., strategic trade policies, litigation and regulation strategy).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS", number:"null", id:"36643", path:"/courses/36643", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES METHODS/PRAC IN IR", number:"null", id:"41598", path:"/courses/41598", description:"International Relations is concerned with both theory and practice so we employ a range of analytical tools to examine actors and events in world politics. The purpose of this course is to introduce students to the various research methods utilized by students and scholars in the field of IR including: case studies, historical - comparative and archival research, survey research, interviewing techniques, simulations, quantitative and statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIOLOGY: ELEMENTS OF MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39624", path:"/courses/39624", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMANTIC HARMONY", number:"null", id:"37600", path:"/courses/37600", description:"Studies in seleted 20th and 21st century compositional practices. Possible topics may include symmetry in post-tonal harmony; composing for piano; the sonata in the 20th century. Course includes analysis of relevant pieces and student compositional projects reflecting course topic.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERSTANDING AFRICA", number:"null", id:"42287", path:"/courses/42287", description:"SPRING 2017 - UNDERSTANDING AFRICA: This course will explore the economic, social, and political realities facing sub-Saharan Africa today by placing them in historical and global contexts. Key themes will include colonial and precolonial history, nationalist movements and cold war politics, economic development and foreign aid, ethnic and political conflicts, media representation and popular culture. The course will focus on local and global dynamics that have a role in shaping the present day Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"43911", path:"/courses/43911", description:"Continuation of CIS 400. Design and implementation of a significant piece of work: software, hardware or theory. Students are required to submit a final written report and give a final presentation and demonstration of their project. Grades are based on the report, the presentation and the satisfactory completion of the project. These are evaluated by the Project Adviser and the Course Instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"37437", path:"/courses/37437", description:"The historical origin of writing in Sumeria, Egypt, China, and Mesoamerica; the transmission of writing across languages and cultures, including the route from Phoenician to Greek to Etruscan to Latin to English; the development of individual writing systems over time; the traditional classification of written symbols (ideographic, logographic, syllabic, alphabetic); methods of decipherment; differences between spoken and written language; how linguistic structure influences writing, and is reflected by it; social and political aspects of writing; literacy and the acquisition of writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANOMETALLICS", number:"null", id:"38274", path:"/courses/38274", description:"This course is focused on molecular species that contain metal-carbon bonds, and the role of these compounds in catalytic processes and organic synthesis. Aspects of the synthesis, structure and reactivity of important classes of organometallic compounds such as metallo alkyl, aryl, alkene, alkylidene and alkylidyne complexes are surveyed for the d and f block metals. Emphasis is placed on general patterns of reactivity and recurring themes for reaction mechanisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THIS IS YOUR GENOME! FASCINATING EXPERIMENTS IN HEREDITY", number:"null", id:"39609", path:"/courses/39609", description:"Your genome represents the complete set of genetic instructions that guides your development from a single cell into a living, thinking, and reproducing organism. This course will examine the ideas that led to our current understanding of genomes with particular emphasis on the molecular biology that revolutionized our concepts of gene and genome structure and function. We will fast-forward through the heredity/chromosome/DNA/gene-structure era and spend some time in the genome-sequencing era of the late 1990s and early 2000s. We will then consider how genome science is revolutionizing our understanding of gene variation, human disease, population biology and evolution. The course will include field trips to the Penn genomic core facilities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L REAL EST COMPARISN", number:"null", id:"37843", path:"/courses/37843", description:"As a truly non-U.S. focused course, we explore the world of cross-border real estate development, with a focus on fast growing emerging market economies. Topics will emphasize the importance of strategy and implementation in cross-border real estate investment and include: the rationale, opportunities and risks of international real estate investing; the macro factors that influence the performance of real estate markets across countries; market specific factors that impact RE investment performance (property rights, taxes, transparency, planning procedures); the qualitative aspects of identifying and achieving successful projects; and the growing market for international RE securities and strategies for portfolio management. Classes will combine a lecture on specific aspects of global cross-border RE in the first half of the class and international case presentations in the second half. Cases will be presented by leading executives in charge of major international RE projects or funds. Cases have been selected to cover different types of RE development-residential, office, retail, hospitality and logistics- important emerging market countries/continents (East/South Asia, Latin America, Sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East) and different development and investment strategies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENGL: COMICS & GRAPHIC NOVELS", number:"null", id:"38031", path:"/courses/38031", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of English, the study and analysis of literature. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO MACHINE LEARNING", number:"null", id:"39734", path:"/courses/39734", description:"Machine learning has been essential to the success of many recent technologies, including autonomous vehicles, search engines, genomics, automated medical diagnosis, image recognition, and social network analysis, among many others. This course will introduce the fundamental concepts and algorithms that enable computers to learn from experience, with an emphasis on their practical application to real problems. This course will introduce supervised learning (decision trees, logistic regression, support vector machines, Bayesian methods, neural networks and deep learning), unsupervised learning (clustering, dimensionality reduction), and reinforcement learning. Additionally, the course will discuss evaluation methodology and recent applications of machine learning, including large scale learning for big data and network analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-GLOBAL MONETARY AND FINANCIAL STABILITY POLICY", number:"null", id:"37214", path:"/courses/37214", description:"This course aims to provide the future global manager and financial analyst with the knowledge on policies set by central banks, regulators and governments toreach the goals of price and financial stability as well as support of growth and employment. The core of the course connects between the formal and actual goals that central banks follow and the related economic analysis on which the goals and the policies are set. We will explain the economic rationale for the policy prescriptions to reach the goals and how these are implemented using institutional framework in the US, the European Central Bank (ECB), Israel and remarks on other countries. We use data, current events and events of the 2007-2012 financial crisis as a basis for discussion and assignments. All these are aimed at understanding how and why the Federal Reserve of the US (the Fed), The bank of Israel (BOI) and the European Central Bank (ECB) set their policies and how that is related to academic research on these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NONLINEAR DYNAM & CHAOS", number:"null", id:"38508", path:"/courses/38508", description:"This course covers the essential mathematics behind continuous and discrete nonlinear dynamical systems with applications in Physics, Biology, Chemistry and Engineering. It covers one-dimensional, two-dimensional, three-dimensional and n-dimensional flows for continuous systems and one-dimensional flows for discrete systems. It also covers Cantor's set theory and Fractals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGH RISK NEONATAL CLINICAL II", number:"null", id:"45256", path:"/courses/45256", description:"This clinical course is designed with emphasis on continued development of advanced clinical skills in the care of critically ill children. Emphasis is placed on integration of the roles of the advanced practitioner. This course adds to the student's previous knowledge and skills in advanced practice and prepares them to manage care of critically ill children.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM PHYS OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"40358", path:"/courses/40358", description:"The course is directed at the development of a background in basic physics required to understand the behavior of electrons in atoms, molecules and solids. Examples to illustrate the application of these techniques will be centered in the free and nearly free electron theory of solids. The application of modern physics to many state-of-the-art materials analysis techniques will be demonstrated throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY STORAGE & TECHNOL", number:"null", id:"41786", path:"/courses/41786", description:"This course will cover the fundamental materials science issues central to the design of sustainable energy technology. The goal of this course is to expose students to the emerging advances in materials science and materials chemistry that underpin technologies for energy conversion (fuel cells, thermoelectrics, photovoltaics, wind energy etc..), storage (biofuels, artificial photosynthesis, batteries etc) and distribution (smart grids and hydrogen and methane economy concepts etc..) and to place these in a real world context. This class will emphasize concepts in 'green materials and green engineering practices' that are emerging with a global focus on 'Sustainable Technology.' 'Sustainability is defined as meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their needs.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL MONETARY AND FINANCIAL STABILITY POLICY", number:"null", id:"37199", path:"/courses/37199", description:"This course aims provide the future global manager and financial analyst the knowledge on policies set by central banks, regulators and governments to reach the goals of price and financial stability as well as support of growth and employment. The core of the course connects between the formal and actual goals that central banks follow and the related economic analysis on which the goals and the policies are set. We will explain the economic rationale for the policy prescriptions to reach the goals and how these are implemented using institutional framework in the US, the European Central Bank (ECB), Israel and remarks on other countries. We use data, current events and events of the 2007-2012 financial crisis as a basis for discussion and assignments. All these are aimed at understanding how and why the Federal Reserve of the US (the Fed), The bank of Israel (BOI) and the European Central Bank (ECB) set their policies and how that is related to academic research on these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLACK FRANCE: HISTORY AND REPRESENTATIONS", number:"null", id:"42860", path:"/courses/42860", description:"Please check the department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POWER & POL IN ORGANIZ", number:"null", id:"37536", path:"/courses/37536", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce you to the power dynamics in organizations. The course is designed so that you will learn concepts that are useful for understanding, analyzing, and harnessing power. But beyond discovering ways to extend your own power, influence and political skill in organizations, we will also uncover lessons about ways in which power and politics can blind you,and how to navigate situations in which you are up against powerful people. Using a range of theoretical and business articles, cases, exercises, assesments, and simulations, we will extract a variety of lessons about power and politics in organizations. Topics include political skill, influence, issue selling, change management, networks, hierarchy, political conflict, corruption, coping with intolerable bosses, speaking up, redemption, and downsizing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"39900", path:"/courses/39900", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the field of engineering. It will expose students to the engineering disciplines through hands-on laboratory experiences. In addition, the course will provide tutorials on how to use important software packages as well as a 'Professional Preparation' module through studies of communication (writing and speaking skills), ethics, leadership and teamwork. This course is ideal for any freshman interested in exploring the possibility of studying engineering at Penn. The course counts as as a engineering requirement in SEAS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING: RELIEF AND SCREEN PRINTING", number:"null", id:"39966", path:"/courses/39966", description:"This course is an introduction to technical skills and investigative processes in screen printing and relief and examines methods for combining digital technology with traditional print media. The course introduces students to several contemporary applications of silkscreen and relief printmaking including techniques in multi-color printing, photo-based silkscreening, digital printing, woodcut, linocut, and letterpress. Demonstrations include photo and image manipulation, color separating and output techniques, hand carving and printing, as well as drawing and collage. Both traditional and experimental approaches are explored and encouraged and technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN MANDARIN I", number:"null", id:"39688", path:"/courses/39688", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed at least the intermediate level Chinese language course, or have studied the language for at least three years. The objective of this course is to consolidate the knowledge and skills students have acquired from their previous Mandarin Chinese classes and to enhance their oral expressive skills. By the end of the semester, students are expected to be able to carry on a conversation with a native Mandarin speaker on various common topics, including the current issues in China about its education, society, politics, culture, and history. Students will also learn how to gather information necessary for conducting oral presentations and speeches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRON. & ENERGY ECON", number:"null", id:"38185", path:"/courses/38185", description:"This course examines environmental and energy issues from an economist's perspective. Over the last several decades, energy markets have become some of the most dynamic markets of the world economy, as they experienced a shift from heavy regulation to market-driven incentives. First, we look at scarcity pricing and market power in electricity and gasoline markets. We then study oil and gas markets, with an emphasis on optimal extraction and pricing, and geopolitical risks that investors in hydrocarbon resources face. we then shift gears to the sources of environmental problems (many of which are energy-related), and how policy makers can intervene to solve some of these problems. We talk about the economic rationale for a broad range of possible policies: environmental taxes, subsidies, performance standards and cap-and-trade. In doing so, we discuss fundamental concepts in environmental economics, such as externalities, valuation of the environment and the challenge of designing international agreements. At the end of the course, there will be special attention for the economics and finance of renewable energy and policies to foster its growth. Finally, we discuss the transportaiton sector, and analyze heavily debated policies such as fuel-economy standards and subsidies for green vehicles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HSOC SEMINAR: Research Seminar Health and Society", number:"null", id:"44351", path:"/courses/44351", description:"This course is designed to provide HSOC students with the tools necessary to undertake original research, guiding them through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or, if there is room inthe course, a completed research paper by the end of term. Students work individually, in small groups and under the close supervision of a faculty member to establish feasible research topics, develop effective research and writing strategies, analyze primary and secondary sources, and provide critiques of classmates'drafts. Students must apply for this couse by December 1.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"42810", path:"/courses/42810", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the framework and evolution of U.S. capital markets, the instruments that are traded, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, and the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will highlight the problems that capital market participants are seeking to solve, which you can use in your post-Wharton careers to evaluate future market innovations. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. We will draw from events in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis, which illustrate financing innovations and associated risks, as well as policy responses that can change the nature of these markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SSF REGIONAL SEMINAR: Semester in San Francisco Regional Seminar", number:"null", id:"41940", path:"/courses/41940", description:"As part of the Wharton Semester in San Francisco (SSF) program, this course is designed to (i) provide integrative material that emphasizes links between finance, marketing, product design, negotiations, and other themes in the SSF academic curriculum; (ii) link classroom theories and principles to actual practice by reflecting on the academic literature and (iii) highlight the unique characteristics of, and the programs proximity to, the Bay Area economy. All students participating in the SSF are required to register for this Regional Seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE WORKSHOP: PUPPETRY", number:"null", id:"36590", path:"/courses/36590", description:"This course will examine a specific aspect of theatrical practice, taught by a visiting professional theatre artist. The course, with different topics, may be repeated for credit. Recent topics have included performance art, Jacques LeCoq technique, Suzuki, and Viewpoints.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN STD ARABIC", number:"null", id:"38125", path:"/courses/38125", description:"The course will concentrate on the reading and speaking skills at the advanced level. Students will be assigned reading and audio-visual materials on which to prepare oral classroom presentations. Final examination in the course will be based on performance in the oral proficiency interview.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN II", number:"null", id:"43728", path:"/courses/43728", description:"An introduction to the design of architecture in the landscape. Issues of mapping, placement, scale, and construction are explored through studio design projects, site visits, and discussions. Course work focuses on the preparation and presentation of design projects emphasizing analytical skills along with the development of imaginative invention and judgment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF GOVERNMENT IN THE WASHINGTON COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"37808", path:"/courses/37808", description:"This seminar is taught in Washington D.C. for students enrolled in the Washington Semester Program. It includes an orientation to observation and research in the Washington Community and a major independent research project on the politics of governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MEANING OF DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"42034", path:"/courses/42034", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. Recent topics include: Globalization; Race & Criminal Justice; Democracy & Markets in Postcommunist Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CHEM ENG SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36850", path:"/courses/36850", description:"Applications of physical chemistry to chemical engineering systems. Equilibrium statistical mechanics of ideal gases, dense fluids and interfacial phases. Chemical reaction rates. Collision and transition state theories. Heterogeneous catalysis. Electronic structure and properties of solids.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE,HIST & CULTR II: Romantics, Realists, and Revolutionaries", number:"null", id:"39389", path:"/courses/39389", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice from the end of the Eighteenth-Century to the present, with an emphasis on interplay of mainstream practices with the newly emerging aesthetics of acting, scenography, and theatrical theory, and the interplay of popular entertainment and audiences with the self-defined aesthetic elitism of the Avant Garde. Among the aesthetics and phenomena we will examine are romanticism and melodrama; bourgeois realism and revolutionary naturalism; emotional-realist acting; the reaction against realism; political theatre; physical theatre; theatre and media; non-dramatic theatre; and theatre that challenges long-standing categories of national identity, empire, gender, and sexuality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED GREEK: POETRY", number:"null", id:"44256", path:"/courses/44256", description:"We will read a selection of passages from Greek poetic authors, ranging from Homer to tragedy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"41080", path:"/courses/41080", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 001.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39243", path:"/courses/39243", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO HUMAN SKELETON", number:"null", id:"38108", path:"/courses/38108", description:"An introduction to the anatomy and biology of the human skeleton. Laboratory work will be supplemented by lectures and demonstrations on the development structure, function, and evolution of the human skeleton.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN RELIGIONS GLOBAL", number:"null", id:"39810", path:"/courses/39810", description:"This seminar critically examines the missionary impulses, colonial exploits, and translation endeavors that contributed to the rise of Asian studies and the emergence of the scholarly notion of 'Asian religions.' It shows the crucial roles played by Asian agents and their European counterparts in the formation of modern conceptions of 'religion'; it also engages reflexive questions regarding theory, method, and the geopolitical underpinnings of both Asian studies and the non-confessional academic study of religion. Students will conduct sustained research projects on the country or region of their choice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"40456", path:"/courses/40456", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36868", path:"/courses/36868", description:"Fundamental course in organic chemistry based upon the modern concepts of structure and mechanism of reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITIONAL ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38106", path:"/courses/38106", description:"This course will explore the significance as it relates to food behaviors and nutritional status in contemporary human populations. The topics covered will be examined from a biocultural perspective and include 1) definiteion and functions of nutrients and how different cultures perceive nutrients, 2) basic principles of human growth and development, 3) methods to assess dietary intake, 4) food taboos, 5) feeding practices of infants and children, 6) food marketing, 7)causes and consequences of under and overnutrition and 8) food insecurity and hunger", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TUTORIAL IN LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"40238", path:"/courses/40238", description:"This tutorial allows students to deal in a concentrated manner with selected major topics in linguistics by means of extensive readings and research. Two topics are studied during the semester, exposing students to a range of sophisticated linguistic questions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH SERVICES SYS", number:"null", id:"38703", path:"/courses/38703", description:"This course provides an overview of the evolution, structure and current issues in the health care system. It examines the unique features of health care as a product, and the changing relationships between patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, employers, communities, and government. The course examines three broad segments of the health care industry: payors, providers and suppliers. Within the payor segment, the course examines the sources and destinations of spending, managed care (HMOs, PPOs),employer based health insurance, technology assessment, payor strategy, and efforts to pay for the elderly, the poor & the medically indigent. Within the provider segment, the course examines the impact of cost containment and competition on hospitals and integrated delivery systems, long term care and disease management, and the important role of epidemiology in assessing population health needs and risks. Within the supplier segment, the course will examine developments in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical devices, genomics and IT industries. NOTE: This is a required course for Wharton Graduate Health Care Management majors; it counts as an elective course for all other Wharton Graduate students. It is also open to Law School and Nursing School students with a joint Wharton Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"36521", path:"/courses/36521", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevanat to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND/G THE POSTCOLONIAL: MUSIC & RESISTANCE FROM CONTRDANSE TO HIP-HOP", number:"null", id:"37593", path:"/courses/37593", description:"Rapid decolonization in the mid-twentieth century drastically changed the global political landscape and has resulted in postcolonial interactions and relationships. The postcolonial manifests itself in music through the creation of postcolonial music,or, music that emerged or was directly and profoundly altered from the postcolonial condition, and the postcolonial *in* music, or expressions of postcolonial sentiments in music, whether it be through lyrics or other musical factors. Through readings, musical recordings, class discussion, and oral presentations, this course aims to examine and explore the multiple registers (political, economic, social, historical among others) in which the postcolonial is mediated through sound. Topics will include hip-hop as resistance in Paris, bhangra in the United Kingdom, and rai in Algeria among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI II: Intermediate Hindi Part II", number:"null", id:"35905", path:"/courses/35905", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOL OF THE DINOSAURS", number:"null", id:"41486", path:"/courses/41486", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILANTHROPY AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"36795", path:"/courses/36795", description:"This course that brings together the recent literature from the social sciences and health sciences as well as other disciplines to explore how philanthropy impacts health care in society at large, and in particular, the health of the donor and volunteer. Furthermore, the course will include an 'ideas in action' component. Students will examine philanthropic donations at work in Philadelphia, as well as engage in philanthropic activities alongside the instructor. The course consists of three parts: 

Part 1) Philanthropy and Healthcare in Society: The US has a long tradition of channeling philanthropic resources to augment healthcare in society, as the demand for health care exceeds the capacity of individuals or government to fully satisfy the demand. Philanthropic resources, which include both time and money, are emerging as significant means by which the capacity of the healthcare sector is fortified; these include resources for service providers, health care researchers, and health care policy advocates. To understand the heterogeneous impact of philanthropy on healthcare, this part of the course will examine the 'who, what, when, where, and how' of philanthropic inputs into healthcare and their impact. 

Part 2) Health Effects on the Individual Philanthropist: The second part of the course examines individuals who give of their time and money. From decreased mortality to better health outcomes, researchers have carefully documented the effect on individual givers. Recent findings from the health sciences also show what mechanisms might be involved in an individual's psychology and physiology that can explain the beneficial health effects of philanthropic behavior. We will examine recent experimental research along these lines provides further evidence along these lines. 

Part 3) Ideas in Action: The course will include three specific volunteering events and do so by selecting a healthcare related organization of their choice that uses philanthropic resources. Students will gain first-hand experience as volunteers (and if feasible, as donors) and discuss their experiences with philanthropy in class presentations and relate them to course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW MEDIA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"35557", path:"/courses/35557", description:"This course seeks to trace the evolving relationship between new media and the political process from three perspectives: the voter, the political campaigns, and the news media. It will trace these changes beginning with the 1996 presidential campaign and end with the 2010 midterm campaigns and suggest implications going into the 2012 campaign.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSULT TO GROWTH CO", number:"null", id:"40310", path:"/courses/40310", description:"This course offers students a unique opportunity to develop consulting skills and entrepreneurial expertise by working as consultants to thriving entrepreneurial ventures in the Philadelphia area. This capstone course combines both fieldwork and class work and allows students to apply knowledge and skills acquired through other course work to real world issues that must be addressed by operating companies. An understanding of characteristics producing rapid entrepreneurial growth and skills related to effective communications and management of a business relationship are emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECH II", number:"null", id:"41130", path:"/courses/41130", description:"This is a course about Algorithms and Data Structures using the JAVA programming language. We introduce the basic concepts about complexity of an algorithm and methods on how to compute the running time of algorithms. Then, we describe data structures like stacks, queues, maps, trees, and graphs, and we construct efficient algorithms based on these representations. The course builds upon existing implementations of basic data structures in JAVA and extends them for the structures like trees, studying the performance of operations on such structures, and theiefficiency when used in real-world applications. A large project introducing students to the challenges of software engineering concludes the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"35511", path:"/courses/35511", description:"Review of regular and context-free languages and machine models. Turing machines and RAM models, Decidability, Halting problem, Reductions, Recursively enumerable sets, Universal TMs, Church/Turing thesis. Time and space complexity, hierarchy theorems, the complexity classes P, NP, PSPACE, L, NL, and co-NL. Reductions revisited, Cook-Levin Theorem, completeness, NL = co-NL. Advanced topics as time permits: Circuit complexity and parallel computation, randomized complexity, approximability, interaction and cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FRENCH", number:"null", id:"42846", path:"/courses/42846", description:"French 202 is a third-year level course aimed at better understanding contemporary French society, language and culture, with a special focus on today's young generation. What defines a generation in the first place, and how do the lives of young people in France compare to those of their American counterparts? To answer these questions, students in 202 will delve into numerous aspects of French youth experience from the school system to family life, and from the workplace to the political arena, with the aid of resources including contemporary films, news articles, songs, literary texts, and the recent sociological project 'Generation Quoi.' In addition, they will forge connections with the French community on Penn's campus, as they embark on a journey of cultural exploration and reflexive self-discovery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANC MEXICO&CENTRAL AMER", number:"null", id:"36730", path:"/courses/36730", description:"This course will provide an overview of the diverse cultures of ancient Mesoamerica. Across the landscape that is now Mexico and Central America, the societies that inhabited highlands and tropical lowlands developed agricultural lands, built towering pyramids and cities, and forged great civilizations all before the arrival of Europeans to the New World.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSTRUCT A LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"43058", path:"/courses/43058", description:"In this course, students construct their own language, one that is compatible with what is known about possible human languages. To this end, the course investigates language typology through lectures and examination of grammars of unfamiliar languages. Topics include language universals, points of choice in a fixed decision space, and dependencies among choices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTH OF CORPORATIONS", number:"null", id:"43706", path:"/courses/43706", description:"Modern business corporations can be characterized as having their own internal cultures, more or less distinct from one another. They also exist within encompassing cultures and cultural flows. At the same time, corporations are producers and disseminators, and thus have effects on their surrounding environments, effects that extend from the local to the global. This course examines modern corporations from these three perspectives through theoretical and ethnographic readings, guest speakers from the corporate world, and independent research conducted by the students. Course requirements include student presentations of their research and readings; one or more take-home exams; and a final research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP I", number:"null", id:"38409", path:"/courses/38409", description:"Engineers and scientists create and lead great companies, hiring managers when and where needed to help execute their vision. Designed expressly for students having a keen interest in technological innovation, this course investigates the roles of inventors and founders in successful technology ventures. Through case studies and guest speakers, we introduce the knowledge and skills needed to recognize and seize a high-tech entrepreneurial opportunity - be it a product or service - and then successfully launch a startup or spin-off company. The course studies key areas of intellectual property, its protection and strategic value; opportunity analysis and concept testing; shaping technology driven inventions into customer-driven products; constructing defensible competitive strategies; acquiring resources in the form of capital, people and strategic partners; and the founder's leadership role in an emerging high-tech company. Throughout the course emphasis is placed on decisions faced by founders, and on the sequential risks and determinants of success in the early growth phase of a technology venture. The course is designed for, but not restricted to, students of engineering and applied science and assumes no prior business education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSONALITY & INDIV DIFF", number:"null", id:"45295", path:"/courses/45295", description:"This course provides an introduction to the psychology of personality and individual differences. Many psychology courses focus on the mind or brain; in contrast to those approaches of studying people in general, the focus in this course is on the question 'How are people different from each other?' It will highlight research that take a multidimensional approach to individual differences and attempts to integrate across the biological, cognitive-experimental, and social-cultural influences on personality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"45134", path:"/courses/45134", description:"This course examines how the criminal justice system responds to crime in society. The course reviews the historical development of criminal justice agencies in the United States and Europe and the available scientific evidence on the effect these agencies have on controlling crime. The course places an emphasis on the functional creation of criminal justice agencies and the discretionary role decision makers in these agencies have in deciding how to enforce criminal laws and whom to punish. Evidence on how society measures crime and the role that each major criminal justice agency plays in controlling crime is examined from the perspective of crime victims, police, prosecutors, jurors, judges, prison officials, probation officers and parole board members. Using the model of social policy evaluation, the course asks students to consider how the results of criminal justice could be more effectively delivered to reduce the social and economic costs of crime.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH OF POPULATIONS", number:"null", id:"43492", path:"/courses/43492", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to the quantitative study of factors that influence the health of populations. Topics to be addressed include methods for characterizing levels of health in populations, comparative and historical perspectives on population health, health disparities, health policy issues and the effectiveness of interventions for enhancing the health of populations. These topics will be addressed both for developed and developing world populations. The course will focus on specific areas of health and some of the major issues and conclusions pertaining to those domains. Areas singled out for attention include chronic diseases and their major risk factors, such as smoking, physical activity, dietary factors and obesity. Throughout the course, the focus will be on determining the quality of evidence for health policy and understanding the manner in which it was generated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUALITATIVE PARADIGM EMPIRICAL NURSING RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"41915", path:"/courses/41915", description:"Study of selected qualitative paradigm empirical research approaches, including design and methodology. Critique of selected qualitative research reports from the literature of nursing and related disciplines. Fieldwork exercise and research proposal required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERGRAD METHODS SEM: Undergraduate Methods Seminar", number:"null", id:"40970", path:"/courses/40970", description:"Topic varies. This course, required for history of art majors, acquaints students with a wide variety of historical and contemporary approachees to studying art, architecture, material culture, and visual culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH BIO CATALYSIS", number:"null", id:"42495", path:"/courses/42495", description:"Reaction mechanisms in biological (enzymes, abzymes, ribozymes) and biomimetic systems with emphasis on principles of catalysis, role of coenzymes, kinetics, and allosteric control.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PSYCHOPHARMACOL", number:"null", id:"42425", path:"/courses/42425", description:"This course examines the history, rationale and putative mechanism of action of drugs used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Emphasis is placed on neurobiological processes underlying psychopathology and pharmacological intervention. Drugs currently in use as well as new drugs in development will be covered. Strategies, techniques, issues and challenges of clinical psychopharmacological research will be addressed and new approaches to drug discovery, including the use of pharmacogenomics and proteomics to understand variability in drug response and identify new molecular drug targets, will be covered in depth. Specific drug classes to be considered include antidepressants, anxiolytics, typical and atypical antipsychotics, narcotic analgesics, sedative hypnotics, and antiepileptic medications. A contrasting theme throughout the course will be the use of drugs as probes to identify neural substrates of behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE MALAYALAM I", number:"null", id:"40353", path:"/courses/40353", description:"This course is designed to further the language skills learned in Beginning Malayalam. Direct and indirect speech, passive voice, postpositions, and rules of joining words, will be included. Reading and discussion of texts from current Malayalam literature (essays, narration, short stories, and poems) will be a major portion of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS II", number:"null", id:"45263", path:"/courses/45263", description:"This online didactic course, designed for the practicing nurse practitioners or clinical nurse specialists seeking to gain knowledge and skills relative to care of adult gerontology acute care patients, focuses on the medical and surgical issues of the neurological, renal, gastrointestinal, hematological, oncologic and orthopedic systems. This course examines the epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based, interprofessional team approach to the nursing and medical management of patients is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC", number:"null", id:"41673", path:"/courses/41673", description:"Functions of several variables, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential equations; introduction to linear algebra and matrices with applications to linear programming and Markov processes. Elements of probability and statistics. Applications to social and biological sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN MOD CHINESE III&IV", number:"null", id:"38279", path:"/courses/38279", description:"Designed for students who have had limited prior exposure to some form of Chinese (Mandarin or other dialects), but inadequate to advance to the intermediate level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ASAM: MINORITIES AND THE MEDIA", number:"null", id:"42246", path:"/courses/42246", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Asian American Studies, an interdisciplinary examination of the history, experiences, cultures, and policies relevant to Asian Americans. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED ELEM GERMAN", number:"null", id:"40070", path:"/courses/40070", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TAIWANESE I", number:"null", id:"39682", path:"/courses/39682", description:"Beginning Taiwanese CHIN 051 is designed to help you learn enough about Taiwanese to enable you to handle your needs adequately if you travel to Taiwan. At this survival level, you will learn to greet others, introduce yourself and handle basic social situations. You will also acquire the understanding of oral language typically heard in locations such as grocery store, train station, bus stop and night market. Self study and classroom participation are equally important for this course. You should complete each assignment before class so that the teacher may review the work. You should attend individual session regularly. You will have four quizzes and one final oral test. The preparation should include memorizing dialogue and listening to audio files.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"41089", path:"/courses/41089", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course can be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 or CHEM 243.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"40535", path:"/courses/40535", description:"The course will focus on contemporary works on liberalism, democracy, capitalism, and distributive justice. Among the questions to be discussed: Which rights and liberties are fundamental in a constitutional democracy? What is equality and what requirements does it impose? Are economic rights of property and freedom of contract equally important as personal liberties of speech, religion, and association? Does capitalism realize a just distribution of income and wealth? What is socialism and is it potentially just, or necessarily unjust? Readings from works by John Rawls, Robert Nozick, Milton Friedman, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS BIOL: INT PHYS", number:"null", id:"35412", path:"/courses/35412", description:"The course will focus on muscle function from the level of molecules to whole animal locomotion. At each level of organization, muscle function will be explored from mechanical and energetic viewpoints. The course will include lectures, demonstrations, and several guest expert lectures. Students will also be introduced to realistic musculo-skeletal modelling and forward dynamic simulations to explore integrated function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPANISH SYNTAX", number:"null", id:"37934", path:"/courses/37934", description:"Spanish 212 is an advanced-level language course that emphasizes the acquisition of the tools necessary for successful written expression in Spanish. These tools include a solid knowledge of the major points of Spanish grammar, an ample vocabulary, control of the mechanics of the language (spelling, punctuation, etc.), and a throrough understanding of the writing process. Throughout the semester, students will use these tools to analyze authentic texts and to produce a variety of written assignments. By the end of the course, students will have developed their awareness of the norms of standard Spanish and learned to incorporate these features into their own writing. The class will be conducted in Spanish and students are expected to speak in Spanish at all times.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONVERSATION & WRITING: FOOD IN ISRAELI CULTURE", number:"null", id:"42921", path:"/courses/42921", description:"After four semesters of language study, it's time to enter the vibrant world of contemporary Israeli culture. In this course students read some of the best plays, poems, short stories, and journalism published in Israel today. They also watch and analyze some of Israel's most popular films, TV programs, and videos. Themes include Jewish-Arab relations, the founding of the State, family ties and intergenerational conflict, war and society, and the recent dynamic changes in Israel society. HEBR 054 or permission of instructor. Since the content of this course may change from year to year, students may take it more than once (but only once for credit).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP DATA EXPLORATION", number:"null", id:"39703", path:"/courses/39703", description:"The primary goal of this course is to introduce computational methods of interacting with data. In this course, students will be introduced to the IPython programming environment. They will learn how to gather data, store it in appropriate data structures and then either write their own functions or use libraries to analyze and then display the salient information in that data. Data will be drawn from a variety of domains, including but not limited to travel, entertainment, politics, economics, biology etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERDISCIPLINARY STUDIO: SITES OF CONVERGENCE AND HYBRIDITY", number:"null", id:"42792", path:"/courses/42792", description:"This course takes an experimental multimedia approach to investigating some of the boundaries in contemporary art making practices. Painting, photography, video, design and sculpture intersect, overlap, and converge in complicated ways. Projects will be designed to explore hybrid forms, collage, space/ installation, and color through a variety of strategic and conceptual proposals as students work towards unique ways of expanding their own work. Weekly readings, critiques, and presentations will be integrated with studio projects. This studio/seminar is appropriate for students at all levels and from all areas of Fine Arts and Design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATABASE & INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42545", path:"/courses/42545", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad field of database and information systems, covering a variety of topics relating to structured data, ranging from data modeling to logical foundations and popular languages, to system implementations. We will study the theory of relational and XML data design; the basics of query languages; efficient storage of data, execution of queries and query optimization; transactions and updates; web-database development; and 'big data' and NoSQL systems. The course assumes mathematical and programming experience equivalent to CIS160 and CIS121.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO&NANO-SCALE MATLS", number:"null", id:"43158", path:"/courses/43158", description:"Basic principles of chemical thermodynamics as applied to macro and nano-sized materials. This course will cover the fundamentals of classical thermodynamics as applied to the calculation and prediction of phase stability, chemical reactivity and synthesis of materials systems. The size-dependent properties of nano-sized systems will be explored through the incorporation of the thermodynamic properties of surfaces. The prediction of the phase stability of two and three component systems will be illustrated through the calculation and interpretation of phase diagrams for metallic, semiconductor, inorganic, polymeric and surfactant systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRAIN-COMPUTER INTERFACE", number:"null", id:"35355", path:"/courses/35355", description:"The course is geared to advanced undergraduate and graduate students interested in understanding the basics ofimplantable neuro-devices, their design, practical implementation, approval, and use. Reading will cover the basics of neuro signals, recording, analysis, classification, modulation, and fundamental principels of Brain-Machine Interfaces. The course will be based upon twic weekly lectures and 'hands-on' weekly assignments that teach basic signal recording, feature extraction, classification and practical implementation in clinical systems. Assignments will build incrementally toward constructing a complete, functional BMI system. Fundamental concepts in neurosignals, hardware and software will be reinforced by practical examples and in-depth study. Guest lecturers and demonstrations will supplement regular lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR SPOKEN CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"43871", path:"/courses/43871", description:"A continuation of CHIN001, This course is to help students develop their listening and speaking skills. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods, asking for directions. To achieve this goal, the class is to be conducted in Chinese as much as possible. Chinese characters will also be introduced, but will not be the focus of the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN ART", number:"null", id:"45095", path:"/courses/45095", description:"This selective survey examines a variety of the circumstances of sub-Saharan African art, ranging from imperial to nomadic cultures and from ancient times to contemporary participation in the international market. Iconography, themes and style will be considered, as will questions of modernity, religious impact, tradition and colonialism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"42485", path:"/courses/42485", description:"Important methods, skills, and apparatus used for the acquisition and interpretation of quantitative information about chemical systems will be discussed in principle and used in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"43079", path:"/courses/43079", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE, PRODUCTION, AND CONSUMPTION IN THE GLOBAL MARKETPLACE", number:"null", id:"42335", path:"/courses/42335", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining portion of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel. Research assignments emphasize the use of anthropological participant-observation techniques to investigate the relationships between", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIRECT ENERGY CONV", number:"null", id:"41708", path:"/courses/41708", description:"The course focuses on devices that convert thermal, solar, or chemical energy directly to electricity, i.e., without intermediate mechanical machinery such as a turbine or a reciprocating piston engine. A variety of converters with sizes ranging from macro to nano scale will be discussed, with the advantages offered by nanoscale components specifically highlighted. Topics will include thermoelectric energy converters and radioisotope thermoelectric generators (RTGs), thermionic energy converters (TEC), photovoltaic (PV) and thermophotovoltaic (TPV) cells, as well as piezoelectric harvesters. Additional topics may include magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) generators, alkali metal thermal-to-electric converters (AMTEC), and fuel cells.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRIBOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40290", path:"/courses/40290", description:"The course will compreshensively cover both theorectical and practical tribology, the science and technology of interacting surfaces in relative motion. The various modes of lubrication, hydrodynamic, elastohydradynamic, hydrostatic, mixed, solid and dry, will be studied in detail. The contact between solid surfaces will be covered, leading to an understanding of friction and various modes of wear. At each stage, it will be shown how the tribological principles learned can be applied in practice to improve the efficiency and durability of mechanical equipment and thereby enhance sustainability through energy and materials conservation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY DUTCH I", number:"null", id:"41213", path:"/courses/41213", description:"A first semester language course covering the core Dutch grammar and vocabulary with the goal of providing the corner stone for developing overall linguistic proficiency in Dutch.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"40091", path:"/courses/40091", description:"Delivering basic health care advances worldwide and continuing to increase lifespan and quality (in an affordable manner) represent some of the major societal challenges of our time. Addressing these challenges will require innovation in both medical technology and the ways in which health services are delivered. Through readings, cases, guest lectures, and your own entrepreneurial work outside of class, we will examine the environment facing prospective health care entrepreneurs: (1) sources of health care innovation; (2) the many 'customers' in health care: patients, doctors, hospitals, insurers, and regulators; (3) the powerful established firms with developed clinical and sales expertise; (4) the investing community. Along the way we will develop a framework for thinking about what is different (and what is not) about the challenges of health care entrepreneurship.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN CONSTIT LAW: Classic American Constitutional Law", number:"null", id:"37806", path:"/courses/37806", description:"This course explores the creation and transformations of the American constitutional system's structures and goals from the nation's founding through the period of Progressive reforms, the rise of the Jim Crow system, and the Spanish American War. Issues include the division of powers between state and national governments, and the branches of the federal government; economic powers of private actors and government regulators; the authority of governments to enforce or transform racial and gender hierarchies; and the extent of religious and expressive freedoms and rights of persons accused of crimes. We will pay special attention to the changing role of the Supreme Court and its decisions in interpreting and shaping American constitutionalism, and we will also read legislative and executive constitutional arguments, party platforms, and other influential statements of American constitutional thought.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"35804", path:"/courses/35804", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis, and real options. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PLAY", number:"null", id:"44996", path:"/courses/44996", description:"How does one read a play? Theatre, as a discipline, focuses on the traditions of live performance. In those traditions, a play text must be read not only as a piece of literature, but as a kind of 'blueprint' from which productions are built. This course will introduce students to a variety of approaches to reading plays and performance pieces. Drawing on a wide range of dramatic texts from different periods and places, we will examine how plays are made, considering issues such as structure, genre, style, character, and language, as well as the use of time, space, and theatrical effects. Although the course is devoted to the reading and analysis of plays, we will also view selected live and/or filmed versions of several of the scripts we study, assessing their translation from page to stage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BORDERS&BOUNDARIES IN IR", number:"null", id:"42037", path:"/courses/42037", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE III", number:"null", id:"41653", path:"/courses/41653", description:"American Sign Language (ASL) at the Intermediate I level. Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner, including, but not limited to, narrative production. Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIG AUDIO BASICS", number:"null", id:"35703", path:"/courses/35703", description:"Primer on digital audio. Overview of signal processing, sampling, compression, human psychoacoustics, MP3, intellectual property, hardware and software platform components, and networking (i.e., the basic technical underpinnings of modern MP3 players and cell phones).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"45138", path:"/courses/45138", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TABLA II", number:"null", id:"44907", path:"/courses/44907", description:"A continuation of Tabla I, also open to beginning students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POLIT THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"45282", path:"/courses/45282", description:"Whether America begins with the Puritans and the Mayflower Compact, or with the Declaration of Independence and the Revolution, it is founded in resistance to empire. In the generations between, Americans have desired, dreaded and debated empire. This course will focus on empire and imperialism in American political thought. We will read primary texts addressing empire: from the departure and dissent of the Puritans, and Burke's Speech on Conciliation with the Colonies, to twentieth and twenty-first century debates over America's role in the world. These texts will include political pamphlets and speeches, poetry, novels, policy papers and film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSCI: THE REINVENTION OF RACE", number:"null", id:"40816", path:"/courses/40816", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Political Science, the study and analysis of political activities, political behavior, political thought, and systems of government. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40333", path:"/courses/40333", description:"Immersion in the advertising development process and examination of the practice of advertising. Focuses on decisions regarding advertising objectives, copy selection, budget setting and media selection.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TAMIL II", number:"null", id:"44990", path:"/courses/44990", description:"This course is a continuation of the Beginner Tamil TAMIL406. It continues to teach grammar and spoken sill from semester I. Lessons in the class will be based on a set of Tamil learning lessons and videos made available at http://www.southasia.upenn.edu/tamil and the book by the Instructor titled 'Tamil Language in Context', information available at http://www.thetamillanguage.com. By the end of the semester, students will have a working knowledge in reading Tamil text with a basic skill to write and speak the language at ACTFL's Beginner High level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"39237", path:"/courses/39237", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"42820", path:"/courses/42820", description:"This course covers one of the most exciting yet fundamental areas in finance: derivative securities. In the modern financial architecture, financial derivatives can be the most challenging and exotic securities traded by institutional specialists, while at the same time, they can also be the basic securities commonly traded by retail investors such as S&P Index Options, Beyond trading, the basic ideas of financial derivatives serve as building blocks to understand a much broader class of financial problems, such as complex asset portfolos, strategic corporate decisions, and stages in venture capital investing. The golobal derivatives market is one of the most fast-growing markets, with over $600 trillion notional value in total. It is important as ever to understand both the strategic opportunities offered by these derivative instruments and risks they imply. The main objective of this course is to help students gain the intuition and skills on (1) pricing and hedging of derivative securities, and (2) using them for investment and risk management. In terms of metholologies, we apply the non-arbitrage principle and the law of one price to dynamic models through three different approaches: the binomial tree model, the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and the simulation-based risk neutral pricing approach. We discuss a wide range", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NEW TESTAMENT", number:"null", id:"44877", path:"/courses/44877", description:"What can be known - from historical perspectives - about the life and teachings of Jesus and his earliest followers? Did Jesus see himself as a teacher and/or a revolutionary and/or the messiah? If Jesus and the apostles were all Jews, how did Christianity emerge as a distinct 'religion'? distinct from Judaism? And how is that this small Galilean and Judean movement came to shape world history and Western culture even to this day? This course explores these questions through a focus on the formation of the New Testament - from the letters of Paul in the early first century CE, to the collection and closure of the canon of Christian Scriptures in the fourth century CE. In the process, we will explore the lived worlds of the first followers of Jesus through readings of texts within and outside the New Testament but also through art, artifacts, and manuscripts at Penn and in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RICH AND THE POOR", number:"null", id:"37901", path:"/courses/37901", description:"Who is rich? Who is poor? This course examines how wealth and income are distributed in the United States, and how its distribution affects indivduals, groups, institutions, and society. We will gain a fuller understanding of what social class is and discuss how it affects all aspects of life, including: quality of schooling, access to employment, child rearing, and even tastes, preferences, and identity. In addition to two midterms and a final exam, students will be responsible for completing several assignments and turning in a short research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN ETHNOGRAPHY: SOCIAL JUSTICE AND THE STREET", number:"null", id:"38362", path:"/courses/38362", description:"How do qualitative social scientists study urban communities? What kinds of powerful tales can be told about urban lifestyles and social issues in places like Philadelphia? This course will allow students to study various ethnographic treatments of urban communities in the United States, using films, articles, TV serials, and books as guides for the framing of their own independent research on the streets of Philadelphia. Students will also form production teams of two or three people, and these production teams will be responsible for (i) identifying and researching an important urban issue in contemporary an important urban issue in contemporary Philadelphia and (ii) turning that research into a 15-30 minute video documentary or pod cast. Mixing video/audio journalism with ethnographic methods will enhance their skills at archival and social research, from participant observation and interviewing techniques to sound editing and production. This course is intended to be a rigorous and exciting opportunity for students to tell empirically grounded stories using the voices of their participants and the sounds of the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL SECURITY", number:"null", id:"44810", path:"/courses/44810", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the subfield of international security or strategic studies. In order to grasp the usefulness of the theoretical ideas presented in readings and lectures, abstract concepts are linked with a study of the national security policies states have adopted in the decades following World War II. Topics include current debates about nuclear proliferation, terrorism, the Iraq war, Europe's changing international role, the rise of China, Asian 'flashpoints' (Korea, the Taiwan Strait), and US secruity policy for the 21st century - considering some of the main strategic alternatives to the US as well as their implications for the types of forces deployed (the impact of the 'revolution in military affairs,' the future of missile defense, and the economic burden to be shouldered).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO QUANTITATIVE METHODS FOR POLICY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"36991", path:"/courses/36991", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic mathematical tools and ideas that support quantitative policy analysis. By the end of the semester, students will be able to identify and explain measures of central tendency and variation for catergorical and continuous variables; describe the statistical relationship between two variables; conduct and explain 'foundational' statistical tests, including hypothesis testing and linear regression analysis; manipulate data sets and write simple statistical programs in Stata.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERFACING CULTURES: DESIGNING FOR MOBILE, WEB AND PUBLIC MEDIA", number:"null", id:"42798", path:"/courses/42798", description:"This course introduces advanced topics related to contemporary media technologies, ranging from social media to mobile phones applications and urban interfaces. Students learn how to use new methods from interaction design, service design, and social media and work towards prototyping their ideas using new platforms and media. The class will cover a range of topics such as such as online-gaming, viral communication, interface culture, networked environments, internet of things and discuss their artistic, social, and cultural implications to the public domain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO PRINCIPLES AND METHODS OF EPIDEMIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45222", path:"/courses/45222", description:"This course provides an introduction to epidemiologic methods and overview of the role of epidemiology in studies of disease etiology and in the planning, delivery and evaluation of health services. The population-based approach to the collection and analysis of health data will be emphasized throughout the course. Through textbook reading, problems sets, class discussion and review ofthe recent literature, students will become acquainted with the basic designs of epidemiologic studies in theory and in practice. Students will develop the basic skills necessary to use epidemiologic knowledge and methods as the basis for scientific public health practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS COMM IN KOREAN: Business Communication in Korean", number:"null", id:"40198", path:"/courses/40198", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course is designed to help students improve their Korean language proficiency by learning essential communication skills necessary to engage in business in Korea. Students will also develop their knowledge of and competence in Korean business culture and practice. The course objectives include: (1) to learn essential business terms, advanced grammar structures and communication strategies in business transactions; (2) to learn Korean business customs and culture, work norms, and business etiquette that students need to successfully communicate in a Korean business context. Topics include job application, business correspondence and reports, discussion and presentation in business meetings, communication styles and strategies in business contexts, current business culture, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Intensive Intermediate French: Penn-in-Tours", number:"null", id:"45167", path:"/courses/45167", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the intermediate year. See descriptions of French 130 and 140. Students must have a departmental permit to register. Also offered in the summer Penn-in-Tours program in France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TPC IN PHYS/CHEM BE", number:"null", id:"39581", path:"/courses/39581", description:"Advanced topics in physical chemistry including solution and colloid chemistry, electrochemistry, surface phenomena, and macromolecules applied to biological systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WARNING! GRAPHIC CONTENT", number:"null", id:"38364", path:"/courses/38364", description:"This course examines the past, present and future of political cartooning, underground comix, graphic journalism and protest art, exploring the purpose and significance of image-based communication as an unparalleled propagator of both noble and nefarious idea. The work presented will be chosen for its unique ability to demonstrate the inflammatory effect of weaponized visual jokes, uncensored commentary and critical thinking on a society so often perplexed by artistic free expression and radicalized creative candor. Dwayne Booth, the course instructor, has been a freelance writer and cartoonist for twenty-five years, publishing under both his real name and the pen name of Mr. Fish with many of the nation's most reputable and prestigious magazines, journals and newspapers, including Harper's Magazine, Truthdig, the Los Angeles Times, the Village Voice, the LA Weekly, the Atlantic, the Huffington Post, The Nation and others. His most recent books are Go Fish: How to Win Contempt and Influence People, Akashic Books, 2011, and WARNING! Graphic Content, Annenberg Press, 2015.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATICS & STRENTH OF MAT", number:"null", id:"40281", path:"/courses/40281", description:"This course is primarily intended for students in mechanical engineering, but may also be of interest to students in materials science and other fields. It continues the treatment of statics of rigid bodies begun in MEAM 110/PHYS 150 and progresses to the treatment of deformable bodies and their response to loads. The concepts of stress, strain, and linearly elastic response are introduced and applied to the behavior of rods, shafts, beams and other mechanical components. The failure and design of mechanical components are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"44778", path:"/courses/44778", description:"An introduction to the experimental basis for and principles of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei. Students are encouraged but not required to take Math 241 concurrently or in advance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS OF SCIENCE: EVOL SCIENTIFIC THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"40521", path:"/courses/40521", description:"What counts as a scientific theory? What counts as evidence for a scientific theory? Are scientific inferences justified? Does science give us truths or approximate truths about a world that exists independently of us? How can we know? Does it matter? These are all perennial questions in the philosophy of science, and the goal of this course is to look at how philosophers have answered these questions since the scientific revolution. In addition to reading classic work by philosophers of science, we will read material from living and dead scientists in order to gain a deeper appreciation of the philosophical questions that have troubled the most brilliant scientists in Western science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"39994", path:"/courses/39994", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPTICAL MICROSCOPY", number:"null", id:"41002", path:"/courses/41002", description:"An introduction to the fundamental concepts of optics and microscopy. Geometrical optics: ray tracing, optical elements, imaging systems, optical aberrations. Physical optics: the electromagnetic spectrum, the wave equation, diffraction, interference and interferometers, optical resolution limits, optical coherence, lasers. Microscopy methods: phase contrast, differential interference contrast, fluorescence microscopy, confocal microscopy, multiphoton microscopy, optical coherence tomography, superresolution microscopy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP:MGMT HC SERV BUS", number:"null", id:"37292", path:"/courses/37292", description:"HCMG 890-001: This course examines issues related to the Services Sector of thehealth care industry. For those interested in management, investing, or bankingto the health care industry, the services sector will likely be the largest and most dynamic sector within all of health care. We will study key management issues related to a number of different health care services businesses with a focus on common challenges related to reimbursement, regulatory, margin, growth, and competitive issues. We will look at a number of different businesses and subsectors that may have been unfamiliar to students prior to taking the course. We will make extensive use of outside speakers, many of whom will be true industry leaders within different sectors of the health care services industry. Speakers will address the current management issues they face in running their businesses as well as discuss the career decisions and leadership styles that enables them to reach the top of their profession. Students will be asked to develop a plan to both buyout and manage a specific health care services business of their choosing and will present their final plans to a panel of leading Health Care Private Equity investors who will evaluate their analysis. Prerequisites: HCMG 841 

Senior healthcare executives and policy leaders will be engaged as guest speakers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"39709", path:"/courses/39709", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"36004", path:"/courses/36004", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. Business Korean I is designed for students who want to sharpen their Korean language skills to the advanced-high level by focusing their study on Korean business and economy. Students will learn business/economy-related terminologies and concepts. They will also take an in-depth look at the issues related to business practices and environment in Korea. Students will improve and refine their language skills through actively participating in discussions, research, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL MONETARY AND FINANCIAL STABILITY POLICY", number:"null", id:"39999", path:"/courses/39999", description:"This course aims provide the future global manager and financial analyst the knowledge on policies set by central banks, regulators and governments to reach the goals of price and financial stability as well as support of growth and employment. The core of the course connects between the formal and actual goals that central banks follow and the related economic analysis on which the goals and the policies are set. We will explain the economic rationale for the policy prescriptions to reach the goals and how these are implemented using institutional framework in the US, the European Central Bank (ECB), Israel and remarks on other countries. We use data, current events and events of the 2007-2012 financial crisis as a basis for discussion and assignments. All these are aimed at understanding how and why the Federal Reserve of the US (the Fed), The bank of Israel (BOI) and the European Central Bank (ECB) set their policies and how that is related to academic research on these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN 20TH CENT ART: ART OF THE 60'S AND 70'S", number:"null", id:"38146", path:"/courses/38146", description:"Topic Varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"41252", path:"/courses/41252", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE: Managing the Emerging Enterprise", number:"null", id:"44511", path:"/courses/44511", description:"Emerging enterprises, the focus in this course, are small, new, fast-growing organizations. Their founders and managers face multifaceted challenges: how to assess the competitive position of their business model and develop a strategy; how to develop the internal organizational structure, culture, and policies for selecting and managing employees; and how to pursue global opportunities. We cover these challenges in separate modules on strategy, human and social capital, and global issues. The human and social capital module covers classic management challenges of aligning interests of the individual and the organization; managing individual psychological needs and social influences; and developing employee capabilities that provide competitive advantage. Also covered are unique challenges that yound organizations face, i.e. building an effective culture; recruiting, selecting, and retaining talent; building systematic approaches to motivating employees; coping with the stresses of rapid growth; and leveraging the benefits (and avoiding the liabilities) of the founder's powerful imprint.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN AMER 1782-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"44307", path:"/courses/44307", description:"Surveys Latin American and Caribbean history from the Tupac Amaru Revolt to the present. We will examine the legacy of Spanish colonialism and slavery, movements for national and cultural independence, twentieth-century radicalism, and the politics of race in contemporary Latin America. Readings include fictional as well as analytical representations, and a film series will accompany the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR HONORS IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"35941", path:"/courses/35941", description:"Open to junior honors candidates in history. Introduction to the study and analysis of historical phenomena. Emphasis on theoretical approaches to historical knowledge, problems of methodology, and introduction to research design and strategy. Objective of this seminar is the development of honors thesis proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE PRINCIPLES OF PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE", number:"null", id:"36277", path:"/courses/36277", description:"This course focuses on evidenced based care for infants, children, and adolescents with complex acute and chronic health conditions. Emphasis is placed on developing a framework for practice based on a synthesis of knowledge from biological, behavioral, and nursing sciences through the process of advanced clinical decision making. The student gains the necessary clinical management skills to provide specialized patient centered care across the entire pediatric age spectrum from complex chronic illness to physiologic deterioration and life threatening instability with emphasis on the patient and family as a full partner in decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GPU PROGRAMMING&ARCH", number:"null", id:"39743", path:"/courses/39743", description:"This course examines the architecture and capabilities of modern GPUs. The graphics processing unit (GPU) has grown in power over recent years, to the point where many computations can be performed faster on the GPU than on a traditional CPU. GPUs have also become programmable, allowing them to be used for a diverse set of applications far removed from traditional graphics settings. Topics covered include architectural aspects of modern GPUs, with a special focus on their streaming parallel nature, writing programs on the GPU using high level languages like Cg and BrookGPU, and using the GPU for graphics and general purpose applications in the area of geometry modeling, physical simulation, scientific computing and games. Students are expected to have a basic understanding of computer architecture and graphics, and should be proficient in OpenGL and C/C++. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42636", path:"/courses/42636", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISSERTATION SEMINAR I", number:"null", id:"37705", path:"/courses/37705", description:"Advanced study and research in nursing leading to the completion of the dissertation proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39072", path:"/courses/39072", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDG/WRTG--NEW JOURNALISM: LONG-FORM JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"35655", path:"/courses/35655", description:"This course will focus on the most revolutionary period in contemporary journalism - the 1960s, when writers such as Tom Wolfe, Michael Herr, Gay Talese, Anthony Lukas, Norman Mailer, and Thomas B. Morgan vastly expanded the possibilities of non-fiction. Dubbed 'the new journalism,' its practitioners adapted certain aspects of the novel (scenes, dialogue, structure) in order to better tell true-life stories. Students in this course will read extensively, to understand how these breakthrough writers have profoundly influenced the long-form journalism of today. A book about the New Journalism, 'The Gang That Couldn't Write Straight,' will be used as a reference. Each student will also write a long-form journalistic piece, using many elements of the form.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE-CONTEMPORARY: Introduction to Western Art, 1400-Present", number:"null", id:"43731", path:"/courses/43731", description:"This course is an introduction to the visual arts including painting, sculpture, print culture, and new media such as photography, film, performance and installation art in Europe and the United States from 1400 to the present. It offers a broad historical overview of the key movements and artists of the period, as well as an investigation into the crucial themes and contexts that mark visual art production after the middle ages. Such themes include the secularization of art; the (gendered) role of the artist in society; the sites of art production and consumption such as the artist's studio, the royal courts and the art exhibition; the materials of art; the import of technology and science to art's making, content and distribution; the rise of art criticism; and the socio-political contexts of patronage and audience; among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS I", number:"null", id:"41626", path:"/courses/41626", description:"This course is designed for heritage speakers who have a strong background in everyday Korean. This course focuses on enhancing linguistic accuracy (spelling, grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation) and fluency (idiomatic and figurative expressions, narrative structure, discursive practice) in both spoken and written Korean, as well as gaining a deeper understanding of Korean culture. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to express themselves more accurately and participate in Korea-related communities more meaningfully. This course and its subsequent course KORN 132 complete the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL&POW/POLICY MKG IN DC", number:"null", id:"43396", path:"/courses/43396", description:"This seminar is taught in Washington D.C. for students enrolled in the Washington Semester Program. It includes an orientation to observation and research in the Washington Community and a major independent research project on the politics of governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN POLITICAL PHIL", number:"null", id:"44769", path:"/courses/44769", description:"This is a topics-based graduate seminar in political philosophy. Examples of topics we can examine in this course include distributive justice, liberty, equality, and global justice. Course readings will be drawn from a combination of seminal and more recent works on the selected topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"35231", path:"/courses/35231", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROLE OF WATER IN URBAN SUSTAINABILITY AND RESILIENCY", number:"null", id:"42734", path:"/courses/42734", description:"This course will provide an overview of the cross-disciplinary fields of civil engineering, environmental sciences, urban hydrology, landscape architecture, green building, public outreach and politics. Students will be expected to conduct field investigations, review scientific data and create indicator reports, working with stakeholders and presenting the results at an annual symposium. There is no metaphor like water itself to describe the cumulative effects of our practices, with every upstream action having an impact downstream. In our urban environment, too often we find degraded streams filled with trash, silt, weeds and dilapidated structures. The water may look clean, but is it? We blame others, but the condition of the creeks is directly related to how we manage our water resources and our land. In cities, these resources are often our homes, our streets and our communities. This course will define the current issues of the urban ecosystem and how we move toward managing this system in a sustainable manner. We will gain an understanding of the dynamic, reciprocal relationship between practices in an watershed and its waterfront. Topics discussed include: drinking water quality and protection, green infrastructure, urban impacts of climate change, watershed monitoring, public education, creating strategies and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EURO INTELLCT SINCE 1945", number:"null", id:"44338", path:"/courses/44338", description:"This course concentrates on French intellectual history after 1945, with some excursions into Germany. We will explore changing conceptions of the intellectual, from Sartre's concenpt of the 'engagement' to Foucault's idea of the 'specific intellectual'; the rise and fall of existentialism; structuralism and poststructuralism; and the debate over 'postmodernity.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE", number:"null", id:"38929", path:"/courses/38929", description:"The management of emerging enterprises - new, small, entrepreneurial organizations - creates a range of multi-faceted challenges for the entrepreneur, whether the founder (and founding team) or the first generation of management. Establishing an emerging organization's unique business model or value proposition (not to mention its survival) is often the overriding preoccupation, but even in a new, small organization, managers need to under- stand how to develop the internal workings of a new firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account ever-increasing globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that successful management in the 21st century requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy. The course has three main parts. The first major part of the course will deal with fundamental issues of strategy, examining issues central to the long- and short-term competitive position of an enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN WEST", number:"null", id:"42940", path:"/courses/42940", description:"This course explores the social and cultural history and current views of the many Wests we think we know, In 1872, President Grant established Yellowstone National Park, only the first of many national and state nature reserves in the west. Even while the Parks were widely celebrated, in 1876 Grant allowed miners and land speculators into the Black Hills, or Paha Sapa, land long considered sacred by the Lakota peoples and 'protected' for them as recently as 1868 Treaty of Laramie. From this pairing of events in the 1870s spring the many overlapping themes this course will address: Native peoples, their beliefs and material cultures, pressured by the arrival of scattered industries (gold rushes, silver and copper mining); irregular sources of industrial and banking capital from England, New York, Chicago, and elsewhere; the arrival of the US Army in 1851, then a break removing troops for the Civil War, then their renewed and constant appearance from 1866 on and the making and breaking of other treaties; the irregular scattering of land speculators and dirt farmers, even while the US government insisted the Sioux and Cheyennes, among other peoples, not disturb the passage of planters on the Oregon Trail, even as their hunting grounds were enclosed by the Union Pacific and North Pacific railroads by 1870.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN HSOC: MEDICAL GENETICS", number:"null", id:"40814", path:"/courses/40814", description:"What stories do sick bodies tell? What do stories of suffering do for those who choose to listen? In this seminar, we will read Arthur Frank's The Wounded Storyteller: Body, Illness, and Ethics as a means of examining the role of storytelling in the lives of those who are ill. Following Frank's work gathering and analyzing the stories of people with cancer, chronic illness, and disability, we will ask questions about the ethics of suffering and the power of storytelling in everyday life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VEN CAPITAL & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"40311", path:"/courses/40311", description:"This course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of a high-growth potential start-up company. The course is motivated by rapid increases in both the supply of and demand for private equity over the past two decades. The topic is addressed from two distinct perspectives: issues that relate to the demand for private equity and venture capital (the entrepreneur's perspective) on the one hand, and issues that relate to the supply of capital (the investor's perspective) on the other. As well, we will address management issues that relate to how the VC and the entrepreneur work together once an investment has been made, compensation issues, and governance issues in the privately held venture capital backed company.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSCI: EMOTIONS AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42264", path:"/courses/42264", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Political Science, the study and analysis of political activities, political behavior, political thought, and systems of government. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MEDICAL CHINESE", number:"null", id:"43883", path:"/courses/43883", description:"Advanced Medical Chinese is a content-based course with curriculum adapted from the online course of New York University School of Medicine (NYUsom). It offers Mandarin training to medical/nursing students and other health professionals who may need to visit China or to serve limited English proficient Chinese-speaking patients. For physician/nurse-patients communication purposes, it is designed for students who have studied Chinese for three years or more in a regular college program or with the equivalent language proficiency and have studied medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"42826", path:"/courses/42826", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the instruments traded in modern financial markets, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, as well as, the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will balance functional and institutional perspectives by highlighting the problems capital markets participants are seeking to solve, as well as, the existing assets and markets which have arisen to accomplish these goals. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. The course is taught in lecture format, and illustrates key concepts by drawing on a collection of case studies and visits from industry experts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR SPECTROSCOPY", number:"null", id:"43868", path:"/courses/43868", description:"This course is broken into two sections: (1) optics, and (2) theory of spectroscopy including the discussion of techniques and examples. In the first section you will be introduced to both linear and nonlinear optics, through thinkling about how to design optical components in the laboratory setting. the second part of the course is a more traditional spectroscopy course, where different spectroscopies in the visible and infrared spectral region will be discussed. This part of the course will focus on understanding what we can learn from using specroscopy and what sort of dynamical processes can be observed with different spectroscopic techniques. Topics to be covered include, but are not limited to: optics, time-dependent perturbation theory, lineshapes, density matrix, group theory, selection rules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"38432", path:"/courses/38432", description:"Students prepare an honors thesis in economics over the academic year, supervised by a faculty member of their choice. In both semesters students present their work in progress to the class. Any student intending to do empirical work in the thesis should have COMPLETED ECON 103 and 104.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RTNALITY, MORALITY & LAW", number:"null", id:"37758", path:"/courses/37758", description:"This class will be dedicated to investigating topics related to rationality in its many forms. Potential areas of study are metaethics, epistemology, moral psychology, and the philosophies of mind, language and action. UNDERGRADUATES NEED PERMISSION.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHIL: MADNESS & DELUSION", number:"null", id:"42262", path:"/courses/42262", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Philosophy, the study of the nature and theory of reality, existence, and knowledge. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CHINESE CIVILIZ", number:"null", id:"41215", path:"/courses/41215", description:"Survey of the civilization of China from prehistoric times to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE IN PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"42195", path:"/courses/42195", description:"This course will investigate the state of the contemporary, non-profit theatre culture of Philadelphia by examining the history, artistic mission, and current production work of selected city theatre companies. This course will also explore the creative process of theatre-making as undertaken by these theatres through the reading of plays being produced by them this fall, through an analysis of the collaborative contribution of the playwright, director, actors, and designers to the creation of a production, and, finally, through attendance at those productions mounted by the theatre companies under investigation. The members of the class will write individual essays responding to these productions, do research and give group presentations on other Philadelphia theatre companies, and participate daily in a spirited dialogue about the vitality, level of artistic accomplishment, and cultural/social value of contemporary theatre in Philadelphia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"43283", path:"/courses/43283", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of the childbearing women and their families in primary care settings. The course presents the opportunity to implement the role of the Nurse Practitioner with the childbearing woman and her family. The focus is on comprehensive physical, psychosocial and educational management of women and their families during pregnancy and postpartum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE PROB & STAT INF", number:"null", id:"41138", path:"/courses/41138", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide a 1 CU educational experience which tightly integrates the theory and applications of discrete probability, discrete stochastic processes, and discrete statistical inference in the study of computer science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ANTHROPOLOGY OF NOSTALGIA AND MEMORY", number:"null", id:"38116", path:"/courses/38116", description:"How can we frame issues of memory and nostalgia as collective, social phenomena rather than solely individual experiences? What do nostalgic recollections of a previous era tell us about the contemporary moment? This course will interrogate processes of remembrance through a social science lens, engaging with a wide array of interdisciplinary materials across geographical regions and theoretical perspectives. We will discuss how memory is a deeply political and social act that intersects with class, race, gender, and generation in ways that have important implications for the present. Topics will include, for instance: colonial nostalgia, memories of the slave trade, gender and memory, and the politics of memorialization. Beyond traditional academic material, we will employ artistic portrayals of memory to enrich our discussions, such as the novel and film. Students will be asked to reflect on their personal encounters with nostalgia and memory through both weekly writing assignments and a creative final project that will engage mixed media to examine a topic of their choice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Contemporary Issues in African Society", number:"null", id:"39327", path:"/courses/39327", description:"This course will deal with law and society in Africa. After surveying the various legal systems in Africa, the focus will be on how and to what extent the countries of Africa 're-Africanized' their legal systems by reconciling their indigenous law with western law and other legal traditions to create unified legal systems that are used as instruments of social change and development. Toward this end, the experiences of various African countries covering the various legal traditions will be included. Specific focus will be on laws covering both economic and social relations. This emphasis includes laws of contracts and civil wrongs, land law, law of succession, marriage and divorce and Africa's laws of International Relations, among other laws. Throughout this course a comparative analysis with non-African countries will be stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TOPICS: Understanding Behavior with Big Data", number:"null", id:"43314", path:"/courses/43314", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION,EXERCISE,& FIT: ISSUES IN NUTRITION, EXERCISE AND FITNESS", number:"null", id:"37649", path:"/courses/37649", description:"An examination of the scientific basis for the relationship between nutrition, exercise and fitness. The principles of exercise science and their interaction with nutrition are explored in depth. The physiological and biochemical effects of training are examined in relation to sports performance and prevention of the chronic diseases prevalent in developed countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT ISSUES IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"45225", path:"/courses/45225", description:"Analysis of key contemporary issues in health and social policy that will provide students with a deeper understanding of the design and structure of the U.S. health care system, the policy initiatives that have shaped it, and the roles of the government, the private sector, and consumers and advocacy groups in setting the policy agenda. Seminars will examine the origins of each issue, the policies enacted and their effects, both intended and unintended, and will propose and debate the merits of alternative policy solutions. The role of health services and policy research in informing the policy debate and directions will be highlighted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AIR POLLUTION: SOURCES & EFFECTS IN URBAN ENVIRONMENTS", number:"null", id:"41341", path:"/courses/41341", description:"This is an ABCS course designed to provide the student with an understanding of air pollution at the local, regional and global levels. The nature, composition, and properties of air pollutants in the atmosphere will also be studied. The course will focus on Philadelphia's air quality and how air pollutants have an adverse effect on the health of the residents. The recent designation by IARC of Air Pollution as a known carcinogen will be explored. How the community is exposed to air pollutants with consideration of vulnerable populations will be considered. Through a partnership with Philadelphia Air Management Service (AMS) agency the science of air monitoring and trends over time will be explored. Philadelphia's current non-attainment status for PM2.5. and ozone will be studied. Philadelphia's current initiatives to improvethe air quality of the city will be discussed. Students will learn to measure PM2.5 in outdoor and indoor settings and develop community-based outreach tools to effectively inform the community of Philadelphia regarding air pollution. The outreach tools developed by students may be presentations, written materials, apps, websites or other strategies for enhancing environmental health literacy of the community. A project based approach will be used to include student monitoring of area", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLUID MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"39643", path:"/courses/39643", description:"This course is designed for students to understand the fundamental characteristics of fluids. We will develop, starting from first principles, the basic equations for fluid statics, and use them to assess buoyancy forces and determine the pressure variations in fluids with rigid body rotation. Students will understand in detail the basic types of fluid flow line patterns (eg. streamlines and streamtubes) and the different types of interchangeable energy forms (eg. kinetic, potential, and pressure). It is also important to develop, starting from first principles, the formulations for inviscid and viscous flow problems. These include the discussion of a control system and system boundaries, the detailed construction of conservations equations of mass, energy, and momentum for Newtonian fluids, the derivation of the Navier-Stokes equations, and the determination of appropriate initial and boundary conditions. A final objective of the course is to solve various fluid mechanics problems using control systems, dimensional analysis, and developed equations. Such problems include, but are not limited to, the terminal velocity of a falling sphere, Stokes flow, the relation between the friction factor and the Reynolds number, and flow profiles in numerous geometries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGY,POLICY & WAR", number:"null", id:"44315", path:"/courses/44315", description:"Analysis of the political use of force, both in theory and in practice, through analytical readings and study of selected wars. Readings include Sun Zi, Kautilya, Machiavelli, Clauseqitz and other strategists. Case studies vary but may include the Peloponnesian War, the Mongol conquests, the Crusades, the Crimean War, Russo-Japanese War, World War II, Korea, or the Falklands, among others, with focus on initiation, strategic alternatives, decision and termination. Some discussion of the law of war and international attempts to limit it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"44213", path:"/courses/44213", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICE OF HEALTHCARE QUALITY IMPROVEMENT", number:"null", id:"40448", path:"/courses/40448", description:"Healthcare delivery is complex and constantly changing. A primary mission of leading healthcare organizations is to advance the quality of patient care by striving to deliver care that is safe, effective, efficient, timely, cost-effective, and patient-centered (Institute of Medicine). The goal of this interprofessional course is to provide students with a broad overview of the principles and tools of quality improvement and patient safety in healthcare as well address the knowledge, skills and attitudes as defined by the Quality and Safety Education for Nurses (QSEN) guidelines. It will provide a foundation for students or practicing clinicians who are interested in quality improvement and patient safety research, administration, or clinical applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"40687", path:"/courses/40687", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you shoud be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL NARRATIVE", number:"null", id:"41405", path:"/courses/41405", description:"Visual Narrative is an introduction to the practice of storytelling with images. From news and information to art, law, and science, visual storytelling is a critical aspect of creating and navigating contemporary culture. This course is situated at the intersection of design, art, and visual culture, focusing on relevant forms and topics including the photo essay, information design and visual explanation, the photographic sequence in contemporary art, scenario design and concept visualization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC MENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"41858", path:"/courses/41858", description:"Forensic mental health is the interface between the law and mental health. This course examines the components of human behavior that bring people into a judicial setting. Content will cover: criminal personalities, forensic interview, and the role of forensic psychiatry. Domestic violence offenders, sex offenders, stalkers, gang members, and offenders who commit homicide will be discussed. Definitions and dynamics of criminal motherhood and the psychodynamics of violent juvenile offenders will be presented. Use of the internet by offenders will also be discussed. This course also offers a field experience in which student's interview incarcerated individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL SCIENCE HONORS", number:"null", id:"40597", path:"/courses/40597", description:"This is a mandatory seminar for all students planning to submit an honors thesis for the purpose of possibly earning distinction in Political Science upon graduation. The course is aimed at helping students identify a useful and feasible research question, become familiar with the relevant literatures and debates pertaining to that question, develop a basic understanding of what might constitute 'good' and 'original' research in different subfields, and set up a plan for conducting and presenting the research. The course is also aimed at building a community of like-minded student researchers, which can complement and enrich the honor student's individual experience of working one-on-one with a dedicated faculty thesis advisor. Students apply in the spring of their junior year for admissions to the honors program and enrollment in PSCI497.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"44677", path:"/courses/44677", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR THESIS", number:"null", id:"41517", path:"/courses/41517", description:"This course is for senior undergraduate Women's Studies majors who will be completing their thesis. The seminar helps students decide on the most appropriate methodologies to use and topics to include in their thesis. Other topics include thesis organization and drawing conclusions from primary and secondary sources of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCH SYS ANALYSIS SIMUL", number:"null", id:"41351", path:"/courses/41351", description:"Stochastic systems analysis and simulation (ESE 303) is a class that explores stochastic systems which we could loosely define as anything random that changes in time. Stochastic systems are at the core of a number of disciplines in engineering, for example communication systems and machine learning. They also find application elsewhere, including social systems, markets, molecular biology and epidemiology. The goal of the class is to learn how to model, analyze and simulate stochastic systems. With respect to analysis we distinguish between what we could call theoretical and experimental analysis. By theoretical analysis we refer to a set of tools which let us discover and understand properties of the system. These analysis can only take us so far and is usually complemented with numerical analysis of experimental outcomes. Although we use the word experiment more often than not we simulate the stochastic system in a computer and analyze the outcomes of these virtual experiments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL NORMS GLOBAL GVRNC: International Norms & Global Governance", number:"null", id:"37372", path:"/courses/37372", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"J W SCHOLAR SR RES SEM", number:"null", id:"36634", path:"/courses/36634", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS IV", number:"null", id:"40258", path:"/courses/40258", description:"Partial differential equations and their solutions, including solutions of the wave, heat and Laplace equations, and Sturm-Liouville problems. Introduction to Fourier series and Fourier transforms. Computation of solutions, modeling using PDE's, geometric intuition, and qualitative understanding of the evolution of systems according to the type of partial differential operator.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW MEDIA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42593", path:"/courses/42593", description:"This course seeks to trace the evolving relationship between new media technologies and political power, process, and change from multiple perspectives: the citizen/voter, the campaign, and the news media. Major theories of communication and persuasion are the foundation of this course. We will apply these theories to each of the above perspectives beginning with a brief history of U.S. political campaigns before the advent of the internet in presidential campaigns in 1996. From there we will take a deeper dive into the landmark changes brought on by new media technologies to mobilize, persuade, inform, and fundraise around the presidential campaigns since then. We will then follow how the new U.S. president and new Congress operate in this ever evolving media and digital landscape through the crucial first 100 days. Finally, we will examine issues of social media and activism, including its use as a tool for regime change, social change, and terrorism in the U.S. and around the world. New media include, but are not limited to, the internet, email, texting, blogging, social media, and 'Big Data.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR: CULTURAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36443", path:"/courses/36443", description:"Humans are a cultural species, constantly navigating a complex web of culturaly bound practices, norms, and worldviews. This seminar will survey the theory and research of the young but rapidly expanding field of cultural psychology. In the seminar, we will explore how culture shapes and is shaped by an array of psychological domains, ranging from perception, information processing, and language, to concepts of the self, motivations, emotion, morality, and physical and mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT KOREAN MEDIA I", number:"null", id:"37404", path:"/courses/37404", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course aims to develop a deeper understanding of the contemporary Korean society through critical analysis of language use and viewpoints expressed in various types of media including the internet, TV, films and newspapers. This course will provide students with a rich opportunity to relate what they have learned in previous Korean language courses to the larger context of Korean culture and society. The course is conducted entirely in Korean and utilizes both written and audiovisual materials to develop students' reading/listening comprehension and critical thinking. The course also involves in-depth class discussion and writing short compositions to enhance conversation and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF LIGHTING", number:"null", id:"42200", path:"/courses/42200", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of the art and craft of Stage Lighting Design. As a craft we will examine mechanics and technology of lighting design including light sources, power distribution, optics, and control. As an art we will explore how lighting ties together all the visual elements of a production and helps create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics include: what light is, what it does, and how light influences our perception and understanding of what we see. Exercises will help the student learn how to see and to understand how light shapes and affects the appearance people and objects on stage and in everyday life. Projects work will emphasize design theory and practice (design methods, script analysis, and drafting skills). Lighting design has it roots in the theatre. The theatre continues to be a prime training ground for lighting designers, no matter what their field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BANDITS,PIRATES,PEASANTS: Lawlessness and Violence in Pre-Modern Japan", number:"null", id:"37006", path:"/courses/37006", description:"This course will be an exploration of premodern Japanese history through the lens of violence. The centuries under consideration (roughly, the eighth thought nineteenth) were characterized by greatly varying levels of violence, both of the state-sanctioned variety (war, punishments for law-breakers and political losers) and of the non-sanctioned variety (piracy, banditry, warrior and peasant rebellions). Examining a wide variety of translated sources, from diaries to chronicles, from legal codes to fiction, we shall examine the changing social, political, economic, and cultural contexts of violence, in order to interrogate not only why certain periods were remarkably peaceful while others were not, but also why violence took different forms in relation to different circumstances. We shall consider how contempories made sense of the violence that surrounded them (or didn't) and how they divided the acceptable use of force from the wanton and society-threatening abuse of it. The course will feature presentations and severl (very short) papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44200", path:"/courses/44200", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide the framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEL PROPERTY STRATEGYY", number:"null", id:"41743", path:"/courses/41743", description:"Announcing the first iPhone at Macworld 2007, Apple CEO Steve Jobs famously boasted: 'And boy, have we patented it!' How, and to what extent, do patents and intellectual property really provide competitive advantage for innovative technology companies? What makes an IP asset strategically powerful? How do patents impact, and even drive, major corporate decisions including M&A, venture funding and exits, and entry into new markets? In this course, students will learn to critically analyze and answer these questions, gaining insights they can leverage in their future roles as innovation industry executives, entrepreneurs, strategist and investors. This course is cross-listed with LGST 729/MGMT229. 

The course includes three major units. In Unit 1, Patents and Innovation Value, we examine closely the relationship between competitive advantage, value proposition, and intellectual property (particularly patents). We will apply our understanding of that relationship to critique and sharpen patent strategy to protect examples of cutting-edge technologies. In Unit 2, Patent Leverage and the Corporate Playbook, we study theory and examples of how intellectual property leverage strategically informs corporate transactions and decisions, for established companies as well as for start-ups. In unit 3, Limits and Alternatives to Patents, we confront the recent legal trend toward reigning in the power and scope of patents. We also consider the growing importance of data as a proprietary technology asset, and discuss options for adapting intellectual property strategy appropriately. Throughout, students will learn and practice applying the concepts we learn to decision-making in examples based on innovative real-world technologies and businesses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSHI&RAMEN:GLOBAL FOOD", number:"null", id:"39802", path:"/courses/39802", description:"Who defines Japanese food? Is it the chef at a top establishment in Tokyo, a home cook in Osaka, a tea master in Kyoto, the ancient capital? Or is it the midwestern American who thinks sushi means raw fish ? Is it the person who scarfs cup noodles, or the devotee of artisan ramen stock? Perhaps it is the Japanese government, which in 2006 sent undercover agents abroad to guard against inferior Japanese food outlets. In this class we will consider how Japanese food came to be defined in distinction to Western and Chinese foods beginning in the nineteenth century, and how Japanese food became a global cuisine. Among our questions: What makes a dish Japanese ? How did Portuguese or Spanish frying habits (tempura) and Chinese lamian (ramen) become hallmarks? How traditional is the diet of rice and fish, and in what ways does it interact with the environment? How did Buddhist vegetarians justify sukiyaki? What relationship does food have to the longevity of Japanese today? How does gender affect Japanese food cultures? What are the origins of Iron Chef and bento? We will survey the Philadelphia Japanese food scene and learn to make our own sushi. Some controversies we will discuss include the consumption of whale meat in Japan. We will also investigate Japanese government controls of food to combat obesity and to make food safe", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP SOCIAL PSYC: SEXUALITY & ATTRACTION", number:"null", id:"44854", path:"/courses/44854", description:"In this course, students will work in small groups to develop, empirically test , and report on a research question within one of the domains of social psychology. Depending on the nature of the project, students will employ survey,experimental, or observational research methodology, and learn how to to conduct and report the appropriate statistical tests with Excel and/or SPSS (typically, correlations, t-tests, ANOVA and ANCOVA, multiple regression, , factor analysis, and measures of reliability). Class discussions will help students craft their projects, and in-class presentations will provide the opportunity to develop and refine presentation skills. Psychology majors only. Class size is limited to 12 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS PREDICTION?", number:"null", id:"36580", path:"/courses/36580", description:"This course is an investigation into the notion of prediction from antiquity to the present. By looking closely at key practices from Homeric divination to modern acturial science and from early modern astrology to contemporary climate models, the course seeks to historicize the way we engage with the future. As part of the course, students also explore the role that methodology, models, causation and big data have played in predictive practices. The readings include a mixture of primary sources, modern scholarship and journalism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"37465", path:"/courses/37465", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"45305", path:"/courses/45305", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITIONAL ASPECTS OF DISEASE", number:"null", id:"43220", path:"/courses/43220", description:"This course provides an advanced understanding of the role of nutrition in integrated biological systems. Students will develop a rigorous comprehension of major clinical disorders, including the underlying pathophysiology and conditions that are affected by nutrition and how optimization of nutritional variables may modulate these processes. A critical overview of the role of nutrition in disease prevention, management and treatment, and in health maintenance will be emphasized throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS BIOL: INT PHYS", number:"null", id:"43826", path:"/courses/43826", description:"The course will focus on muscle function from the level of molecules to whole animal locomotion. At each level of organization, muscle function will be explored from mechanical and energetic viewpoints. The course will include lectures, demonstrations, and several guest expert lectures. Students will also be introduced to realistic musculo-skeletal modelling and forward dynamic simulations to explore integrated function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"36216", path:"/courses/36216", description:"This is an introductory course examining social problems in the context of contemporary health care in the United States. Topics include the organization and financing of health care; education for the health professions; imbalances in the supply and demand for health providers--the doctor surplus and nurse shortage; changing patterns of disease; dilemmas in the use of new medical technologies; health services needs and dilemmas across the life span; AIDS--the new pandemic; transmedical problems--the homeless, the mentally ill. Recommended for students planning careers in nursing, medicine, and other health professions, and those interested in social policy. There are no required prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS & CAPSTONE THESIS", number:"null", id:"36985", path:"/courses/36985", description:"First semester of the two semester thesis course; completed during the Fall semester of senior year. The senior thesis provides a capstone intellectual experience for Honors students and Communication and Public Service Program (ComPS) participants. Students conduct a primary research study on a communication related issue over the course of two semesters. Students should consult with and arrange for a faculty supervisor no later than the summer before senior year. Students must also file a designated form and topic statement, approved and signed by the supervising faculty member no later than the first day of class. Required of all students planning to enroll in COMM 495 or COMM 499 in the Spring. All Honors students must have a 3.5 cumulative GPA at the end of junior year for eligibility. See the Annenberg website for complete eligibility requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF PALLIATIVE CARE", number:"null", id:"40444", path:"/courses/40444", description:"This course examines national and global perspectives and clinical issues in the delivery of palliative care with diverse populations in multiple health care settings. Students focus on the care of persons with life-threatening, progressive illness, emphasizing respect for patients' and families' beliefs, values, and choices. Students also explore psychosocial and spiritual dimensions of palliative care. Historical, sociocultural, economic, legal, and ethical trends in palliative care are discussed. Factors affecting health care systems and societal attitudes are considered in evaluating the delivery of care during advanced illness and at the end of life. Students engage in the critical analysis of literature, research, and observational experiences concerning biopsychosocial needs of patients and families. Students acquire competencies in patient/family assessment, communication, decision-making, and interdisciplinary collaboration in palliative care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK LITERARY HISTORY", number:"null", id:"44258", path:"/courses/44258", description:"Through selected readings from both poetry and prose, we will survey the range and evolution of ancient Greek literary practice and will identify some of Greek literature might be constructed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38098", path:"/courses/38098", description:"In this course, we will explore the molecular revolution in biological anthropology, and, in particular, examine the nature and theory of collecting molecular data to address anthropological questions concerning human origins, evolution and biological variation. Some of the topics to be covered in this course are the phylogenetic relationships among primates, kinship in apes and monkeys, the hominoid trichotomy, modern human origins and migrations, Neandertal genetics, biogenetics of skin color, disease adaptations, and the Human Genome Project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREN HIST/CLTR 1789-1945", number:"null", id:"44234", path:"/courses/44234", description:"This civilization course presents the creation of modern France from 1789 to 1945 through the omnipresence of the mythg of Perseus and Medusa in the historical narrative. The objective of the course is to introduce students to a period in France's history that begins with the French Revolution and ends with Marechal Petain's National Revolution. It also helps them discover the intricacies of the slow constuction of modern France. In this course, students are led to reflect on the contemporary French culture and society that are the result and the remnants of the Revolution, and to make connections with hte American history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS BIOL: INT PHYS", number:"null", id:"38232", path:"/courses/38232", description:"The course will focus on muscle function from the level of molecules to whole animal locomotion. At each level of organization, muscle function will be explored from mechanical and energetic viewpoints. The course will include lectures, demonstrations, and several guest expert lectures. Students will also be introduced to realistic musculo-skeletal modelling and forward dynamic simulations to explore integrated function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CITY", number:"null", id:"45020", path:"/courses/45020", description:"Urbs/Hist 210 will focus on Baltimore and use The Wire as one of its core texts. The course will explore the history and development of the city and its institutions, with a thematic focus on issues such as industrialization and deindustrialization; urban renewal and the role of universities; public education and youth; policing and the criminal justice system; drugs and underground markets; public housing and suburbanization; and Baltimore's so- called renaissance amidst persistent poverty. The seminar will include field trips both in Philadelphia and a concluding all-day trip to Baltimore.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STUDY-ORGAN EFFECT: Collaborative Innovation Program", number:"null", id:"38948", path:"/courses/38948", description:"Business success is increasingly driven by a firm's ability to create and capture value through innovation. Thus, the processes used by firms to develop innovations, the choices they make regarding how to commercialize their innovations, the changes they make to their business models to adapt to the dynamic environment, and the strategies they use to position and build a dominate competitive position are important issues facing firms. In MGMT. 892, you will learn to address these issues through an action learning approach. MGMT. 892 is a 1.0-credit course conducted in the spirit of an independent study. By working on consulting projects for leading global companies, you will develop and then apply your knowledge about innovation management and help these firms better understand the challenges and opportunities posed by emerging technologies and markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOUSING MARKETS", number:"null", id:"36450", path:"/courses/36450", description:"This course is designed for students interested in the economics and operations of housing markets. It is primarily a U.S. focused course, but does include a limited amount of international material for comparative purposes. The class is divided into four sections: (1) supply and demand for housing, including the operations of homebuilders and rental landlords; (2) house prices, including cycles and price dynamics; (3) international comparisons; and (4) public policy and analysis applied to a current housing markets-related issue. This course presumes knowledge of intermediate economics, as we will apply that knowledge throughout the semester. For Wharton students, this means you must have passed BEPP 250 (undergrads) or MGEC 611 and 612 for MBA's. Non-Wharton students should have taken the equivalent course in the College.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARM&MEDTECH", number:"null", id:"38707", path:"/courses/38707", description:"This course provides an overview of the management, economic and policy issues facing the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device industries. The course perspective is global, but with emphasis on the U.S. as the largest and most profitable market. Critical issues we will examine include: R&D intensive cost structure with regulation and rapid technological change; strategic challenges of biotechnology startups; a complex global marketplace in which prices are regulated in most countries and customers include governments and insurers, as well as physicians, and consumers; intense and evolving M&A, joint ventures, and complex alliances; thriving generics industry in the US and globally. We use Wharton and industry experts from various disciplines to address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATUR CULTUR ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"42331", path:"/courses/42331", description:"In Spring 2018, this course is specially designed to appeal to students with interests in urban studies and environmental studies across different disciplines. We will explore the natures, cultures and environmentalisms of cities by exploring the matter of urban water. Cities have long been made through historic projects to tame the unruly relations between land and water. As the catastrophic human disasters in Houston, Florida and Puerto Rico have recently shown, these relations are today everywhere being unsettled and exacerbated by climate change. In cities as diverse as Philadelphia and Mumbai, climate change promises to exacerbate social inequalities and further squeeze non-human natures. How is the urban environment produced, magnified, divided and shrunk with water? In these times, how might we make space for social justice and non-human natures in and along rising urban waters?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN PUBLIC POLICY: PHILADELPHIA -- A CASE STUDY", number:"null", id:"36612", path:"/courses/36612", description:"An introduction to a broad range of substantive policy areas affecting the city, and an exploration into the complexities of policy formulation and implementation in a large and pluralistic metropolitan setting. The course subtitle, 'Philadelphia -- A Case Study,' describes our approach. Donna Cooper currently leads the region's foremost child advocay organization focused on poverty, child welfare and education issues, she formerly served as the Deputy Mayor for Policy for the City of Philadelphia, and Sectretary of Policy of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"41140", path:"/courses/41140", description:"How do you optimally encode a text file? How do you find shortest paths in a map? How do you design a communication network? How do you route data in a network? What are the limits of efficient computation? This course gives a comprehensive introduction to design and analysis of algorithms, and answers along the way to these and many other interesting computational questions. You will learn about problem-solving; advanced data structures such as universal hashing and red-black trees; advanced design and analysis techniques such as dynamic programming and amortized analysis; graph algorithms such as minimum spanning trees and network flows; NP-completeness theory; and approximation algorithms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY FIELD PROJEC", number:"null", id:"39520", path:"/courses/39520", description:"First-hand participation in research project in historical archaeology in Southern New Jersey. Transportation provided by the university. Students will assist in excavations and archival research on local archaeological sites. Class is open to all undergraduates, no previous archaeological experience is required. Attendance will involve Fridays or Saturdays, all day from 8:00 to 5:00 including travel time to the excavations and back to the University Museum. Students enroll for only one day (F or S). Enrollment is limited so specific permission of the instructor is required (Robert L. Schuyler: schuyler@sas.upenn.edu; (215)898-6965; U Museum 412). A follow up laboratory course (Anth 220 in the spring semester) will also be available during which the artifacts and documentary sources collected in the fall will be analyzed at the University Museum. Course may be repeated for credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN HIST: THE LION KING", number:"null", id:"39453", path:"/courses/39453", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of History, the study of past events and past human affairs. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASTROPHYSICAL RADIATION", number:"null", id:"40561", path:"/courses/40561", description:"This is a course on the theory of the interaction of light and matter designed primarily for graduate and advanced undergraduate students to build the basic tools required to do research in astrophysics. Topics to be discussed include structure of single- and multi-electron atoms, radiative and collisional processes, spectral line formation, opacity, radiation transfer, analytical and numerical methods, and a selection of applications in astrophysics based on student research interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Shakespeare: His Life, Art and Times: Penn in London", number:"null", id:"45151", path:"/courses/45151", description:"Through specialized readings, writing assignments, and in-class acting exercises, the class will develop methods of interpreting Shakespeare's plays through theatrical practice. Topics include Shakespeare's use of soliloquy, two and three person scenes, the dramatic presentation of narrative source material, modes of defining and presenting the 'worlds' of the plays, and the use of theatrical practice to establish authoritative text.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMIC MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"36143", path:"/courses/36143", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, the goal of this course is to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The course will focus on issues such as the selection of which businesses and segments to compete in, how to allocate resources across businesses, segments, and elements of the marketing mix, as well as other significant strategic issues facing today's managers in a dynamic competitive environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE DESIGN/ENGINEER", number:"null", id:"43907", path:"/courses/43907", description:"You know how to write a 'program'. But how do you create a software 'product' as part of a team, with customers that have expectations of functionality and quality? This course introduces students to various tools (source control, automated build systems, programming environments, test automation, etc.) and processes (design, implementation, testing, and maintenance) that are used by professionals in the field of software engineering. Topics will include: software development lifecycle; agile and test-driven development; source control and continuous integration; requirements analysis; object-oriented design and testability; mobile and/or web application development; software testing; refactoring ; and software quality metrics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced Spanish II: Grammar and Composition", number:"null", id:"45311", path:"/courses/45311", description:"Spanish 212 is an advanced-level language course that emphasizes the acquisition of the tools necessary for successful written expression in Spanish. These tools include a solid knowledge of the major points of Spanish grammar, an ample vocabulary, control of the mechanics of the language (spelling, punctuation, etc.), and a thorough understanding of the writing process. Throughout the semester, students will use these tools to analyze authentic texts and to produce a variety of written assignments. By the end of the course, students will have developed their awareness of the norms of standard Spanish and learned to incorporate these features into their own writing. The class will be conducted in Spanish and students are expected to speak in Spanish at all times. Any questions about placement should be addressed to the directors of the Spanish language program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC OPIN & AMER DEMOC", number:"null", id:"43389", path:"/courses/43389", description:"This course examines public opinion in the American political system. We will discuss how to measure public opinion, how citizens forumlate opinions, and the role of public opinion in campaigns, elections, and policymaking. We will also consider normative questions, including the role opinion should play in American democracy. Additionally, over the course of the semester we will track public opinion polls related to ongoing elections as well as develop analytical skills to answer questions using public opinion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"41101", path:"/courses/41101", description:"Along with CHIN012, CHIN111 and CHIN112, this is the first course of a four-semester sequence. By completing all four semesters, students fulfill the College language requirement. The sequence starts each fall. Students cannot begin their study in the spring. This course is designed primarily for students who have little or no prior exposure to Chinese. The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFLUENCE", number:"null", id:"40507", path:"/courses/40507", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRUTH, POLITICS, ETHICS: ANTHROPOLOGICAL SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"40942", path:"/courses/40942", description:"This is a reading-intensive seminar geared primarily toward anthropology graduate students who have had some field research experience or are uncovering surprising findings that come from deep ethnographic engagement, and who are now grappling with the implications, production, and narration of evidence for themselves and for larger publics. Drawing from readings in anthropology, philosophy, psychoanalysis, and the history and sociology of science, we will develop our craft as an intimate practice and work of careful translation in the context of a demanding set of readings on the political economy of truth, hypocrisy, ethics, and bias.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOGIC & FORMAL REASONING", number:"null", id:"39147", path:"/courses/39147", description:"This course offers an introduction to three major types of formal reasoning: deductive, inductive (probabilistic and statistical), and practical (decision-making). The course will begin with the study of classical sentential and predicate logics. It will move on to elementary probability theory, contemporary statistics, decision theory and game theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIRECT ENERGY CONV", number:"null", id:"37498", path:"/courses/37498", description:"The course focuses on devices that convert thermal, solar, or chemical energy directly to electricity, i.e., without intermediate mechanical machinery such as a turbine. A variety of converters with sizes ranging from macro to nano scale will be discussed. Topics will include thermoelectric energy converters and radioisotope thermoelectric generator (RTGs), thermionic energy converters (TEC), photovoltaic (PV) and thermophotovoltaic (TPV) cells, as well as piezoelectric harvesters. Additional topics may include magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) generators, alkali metal thermal-to-electric converters (AMTEC), and fuel cells.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"43147", path:"/courses/43147", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to develop and implement powerful models of customer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these methods for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales forecasting, analyses of media usage, customer valuation, and targeted marketing programs. These same techniques are also very useful for other types of business (and non-business) problems. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"41642", path:"/courses/41642", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RSRCH SKILLS GLBL HLTH: APPLIED RESEARCH SKILLS IN GLOBAL COMMUNITY HEALTH", number:"null", id:"42337", path:"/courses/42337", description:"While political borders remain, social and human borders fall with the increasing movement of people, ideas, and resources across geographies. What is global becomes local. While biomedical and counting sciences advance, the human experience and influence remain core to understanding behavior, beliefs, and awareness. What is human remains paramount. The Maya Western Highlands of Guatemala are undergoing health changes (trauma, maternal-infant health, diabetes, mental health) through economic development and continued human migration to and from the US. The Cobbs Creek neighborhood in West Philadelphia is also facing epidemics of non-communicable diseases. In this context, Applied Skills in Global Community Health will provide academic and professional skills development in comparing the role of culture, history and politics in the health of a population in transition (demographic, nutritional, epidemiologic, economic) in both settings. Classroom work will occur in the spring of each year combined with a short (1 wk) field experience in the Western Highlands of Guatemala. In addition students will examine health and community research in the Cobbs Creek neighborhood of West Philadelphia. Students may substitute 10 week field work as part of the companion course ANTH 403 for the 1 week experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN URBS: A WORLD OF CITIES", number:"null", id:"40821", path:"/courses/40821", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Urban Studies, the study of cities and city life. It will introduce students to scholarly conversation on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANT ANALYSIS ANTH DATA", number:"null", id:"38110", path:"/courses/38110", description:"Problem-oriented approach to application of quantitative methods in anthropological research. Emphasis on formulation of specific problems using real data sets by each student in his or her area of interest. The logic of problem solving using quantitative arguments, the investigation of data reliability and representativeness, and the use of statistical arguments in the presentation of results covered in detail. Use of digital computers as research tools will be an integral part of the presentation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GUIDE TO SUFISM S.ASIA: RE-ENCHANTING MODERNITY - A GUIDE TO SUFISM IN SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"36492", path:"/courses/36492", description:"This undergraduate level course introduces students to Sufism in modern South Asia, with a particluar focus on how Muslim 'mystics' and their 'mystical' methods interacted with modernity, colonialism, technological developments and globalization. This course is divided into three parts. In the first part of this course, students are provided with an overview of the theological and historical background of the dominant expression of Islam that came to be identified as 'Sufism' or 'Islamic mysticism', the historical development of Sufi institutions and spaces in South Asia, and the historical emergence of South Asia as a prominent global center of Sufism. The second and main part of this course introduces studetns to a range of anthropological and historical works that are revelatory about how Sufi in modern South Asia were and remain intimately connected to modern political and technological developments. Providing students with an overview of Sufi re-enchantments of modernity from the 19th to 21st century, this section of the course focuses upon Sufi movements and masters who perpetuated or defended customary Islam through sophisticated appropriations of technologies and print networks, and negotiations with non-Muslim rulers and societies. Moreover, students will be introduced to anthropological and historical scholarship on religious worlds", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DON QUIXOTE NOW AND THEN", number:"null", id:"44956", path:"/courses/44956", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINAS DOMESTIC POLITICS", number:"null", id:"44819", path:"/courses/44819", description:"This is an advanced course on the main issues of contemporary Chinese politics, economy and social change. There is a strong focus on teh reform period (post 1978). We will spend considerable time and energy on understanding the major themes and challenges of China's reforms, including the political system, the legal system, the inequality, foreign direct investment, village elections, lawmaking, environmental degradation, social opposition, corruption, and religion. We also investigate the many political and social consequences of reform and changing landscape of Chinese politics. A prior course on Chinese politics (for example, PSCI219) is highly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FROM LAB TO MKT PLACE", number:"null", id:"38170", path:"/courses/38170", description:"This course explores the transition from discovery of fundamental knowledge to its ultimate application in a clinical device or drug. Emphasis is placed upon factors that influence this transition and upon the integrative requirements across many fields necessary to achieve commercial success. Special emphasis is placed on entrepreneurial strategies, intellectual property, financing and the FDA process of proving safety and efficacy. Current public companies in the medical device and drug industry are studied in detail and critiqued against principles developed in class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"42387", path:"/courses/42387", description:"This course investigates the application of materials science and engineering to biomedical applications, with a focus on polymers, ceramics, and metals. The course will cover concepts related to basic material fabrication and synthesis, structure and property characterization, as well as applications of biomaterials. The lecture and recitation will be complemented with laboratory examples of material assessment and characterization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MODERN INDIA", number:"null", id:"42098", path:"/courses/42098", description:"This introductory course will provide an outline of major events and themes in Indian history, from the Mughal Empire in the 16th century to the re-emergence of India as a global player in the 21st century. The course will discuss the following themes: society and economy in Mughal India; global trade between India and the West in the 17th century; the rise of the English East India Company's control over Indian subcontinent in the 18th century; its emergence and transformation of India into a colonial economy; social and religious reform movements in the 19th century; the emergence of elite and popular anti-colonial nationalisms; independence and the partition of the subcontinent; the emergence of the world's largest democracy; the making of an Indian middle class; and the nuclearization of South Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 19TH-CENT NOVEL: THE BRONTE SISTERS", number:"null", id:"42702", path:"/courses/42702", description:"This course explores an aspect of the 19th-century novel intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"38812", path:"/courses/38812", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 111. This course is designed to develop students' Korean language proficiency to the intermediate-mid level of the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines. This course expands student's competence by dealing with more functions in various contexts that students can frequently encounter in everyday interactions. In order to prepare students for social contexts, students are encouraged to engage in conversations by personalizing the topics, functions or contexts. Students will perform in an interpersonal way by providing and obtaining information, expressing feelings and emotions, and exchanging opinions on a variety of topics such as birthday parties, recreation and hobbies, Korean holidays, marriage, cultural differences, education and jobs. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MODELS", number:"null", id:"41345", path:"/courses/41345", description:"This first course in decision models will introduce students to quantitative models for decision making, using optimization and monte-carlo simulation. Examples will be drawn from manufacturing, finance, logistics and supply chain management. Students will use EXCEL and @Risk to build and analyze models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL MOVEMENTS", number:"null", id:"36411", path:"/courses/36411", description:"Social movements and political protest have become some of the most effective tools for citizens and non-citizens to influence the political system. This course is designed to introduce students to the theoretical and methodological approaches taken in understanding these behaviors. Analyzing social movements that range from civil discontent to contentious political protest, the course will address a variety of questions: What is the origin of movement behavior and why do individuals turn to these actions in lieu of simply engaging in institutional modes of political action such as voting? What were the strategies of these movements? What are the political conditions that allow social movements to resonate with the American public? In addition to addressing these topics, this course surveys the policy successes of major social and political movements. From the Civil Rights and Women's Right Movement to the recent Tea Party movement and Hong Kong demonstrations over democracy, this course explores the various public policies that have resulted from citizens' protest actions. While state level and local level government responsiveness will be addressed, special attention will be given to how political protest influences public policy in all three branches of the federal government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SOUTH 1861-PRES", number:"null", id:"42943", path:"/courses/42943", description:"This course will trace the history of the American South from the end of the Civil War to the present. It will investigate Reconstruction, the New South, Populism, racial disfranchisement and the rise of Jim Crow, the politics of the One-Party South, the South in the Progressive era and its role in the New Deal and World War II, the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and the rise of the Republican South. While following the narrative of politics and economic development,we will pay particular attention to race relations and will be more than casually interested in gender roles. In addition, we will take frequent peeks at the evolving Southern identity as reflected in popular culture and literature as well as in other corners of the public sphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN NELC: MUMMIES PYRAMIDS PHARAOH", number:"null", id:"42261", path:"/courses/42261", description:"Hieroglyphs, magic, and buried treasure! Fascination with ancient Egypt has existed for millennia, with ancient Greeks and Romans even creating 'Egyptianized' art and adopting Egyptian deities to their pantheon. Napoleon's invasion of Egypt led to new archaeological discoveries like the Rosetta Stone and a revival of Egyptian architecture. The Victorian era was filled with mummy unwrapping parties and black market trade of artifacts robbed from tombs. The 1922 archaeological discovery of the undisturbed tomb of King Tutankhamun unleashed a frenzied wave of modern Egyptomania. Golden treasures, ancient curses, and the mysterious deaths of the tombs' archaeologists proved irresistible. These discoveries inspired Egyptian motifs in New York's Chrysler Building, authors like Agatha Christie, and movies like Cleopatra and The Mummy. And colossal Egyptian obelisks and sphinxes were even shipped across the Atlantic to display to the eager public of London and Philadelphia. This course links the study of ancient societies and modern experiencers in a way that invites critical thought. Students will examine how archaeology and the ancient world inspire today's media, art, architecture, and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: MIDDLE EASTERN ART: From Iconoclasm to ISIS Cultural Cleansing", number:"null", id:"40973", path:"/courses/40973", description:"Fall 2017: In this course students will examine case studies of intentional and systematic destruction of art as a way to erase the cultural identity of an individual and/or a group of people. The examples focus primarily on the Middle East and range chronologically, from the destruction of the statues and stelae of Gudea in Sumer, to the annihilation of idols in the Hebrew Bible, and from iconoclasm in the Byzantine Empire to the destruction of religious monuments (khatchkars) in Azerbaijan and the more recent events orchestrated by ISIS in Syria and Iraq (i.e. Nimrud, Palmyra, Mosul). At the end of the course, students will address ways to preserve and protect threatened cultural heritage from future conflicts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP ABNORMAL: PSYCHOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37830", path:"/courses/37830", description:"PSYC 362-301 is a two-semester course starting in the Fall. Class size limited to 8 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROKARYOTIC MICROBIOLOGY: A PRAGMATIC VIEW", number:"null", id:"41047", path:"/courses/41047", description:"This interactive course is intended for a small group of students aspiring to pursue research in microbiology, preferably using prokaryotes. Students will study selected papers and will attend the Prokaryotic Microbiology Seminars on Fridays. Specific problems of importance to a given field at a particular time will be critically analyzed and discussed: How were cutting edge techniques of the time used to address these problems? How would the same problems be approached using current techniques? The emphasis of the course will be on learning to become a thoughtful experimentalist rather than acquiring the hottest emerging knowledge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOTRANS PROCES", number:"null", id:"42391", path:"/courses/42391", description:"Introduction to basic principles of fluid mechanics and of energy and mass transport with emphasis on applications to living systems and biomedical devices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRNTMKNG: RELIEF/SCREEN", number:"null", id:"44162", path:"/courses/44162", description:"This course is an introduction to technical skills and investigative processes in screen printing and relief and examines methods for combining digital technology with traditional print media. The course introduces students to several contemporary applications of silkscreen and relief printmaking including techniques in multi-color printing, photo-based silkscreening, digital printing, woodcut, linocut, and letterpress. Demonstrations include photo and image manipulation, color separating and output techniques, hand carving and printing, as well as drawing and collage. Both traditional and experimental approaches are explored and encouraged and technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE LIT & CULTR: THE GLOBAL RENAISSANCE", number:"null", id:"41271", path:"/courses/41271", description:"This course will survey the cultural history of sixteenth and seventeenth century England. Interdisciplinary in nature and drawing on the latest methodologies and insights of English studies, we will explore how aesthetics, politics, social traditions, impacted literature at this vital and turbulent time of English history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"39673", path:"/courses/39673", description:"The principles of quantum theory and applications to atomic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECOLOGY: INDIV TO ECOSYS", number:"null", id:"39622", path:"/courses/39622", description:"The study of living organisms in their natural environment, spanning the ecological physiology of individuals, the structure of populations, and interactions among species, including the organization of communities and ecosystem function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"40779", path:"/courses/40779", description:"Urban Studies senior research project", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"40837", path:"/courses/40837", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal and ethical challenges they will face as business leaders, with a particular focus on large, publicly traded, multinational corporations. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORIES OF COLOR: IDEAS AND CONTEXT", number:"null", id:"45041", path:"/courses/45041", description:"In this course we will investigate ideas about color and color practices from antiquity to the nineteenth century. Our historical survey will follow three intertwined threads. We will examine physical color theories, nanely, what various writers thought color was in things themselves and how color was related to light. We will study anatomical and physiological accounts of the eye, especially the way in which ocular anatomy was intimately tied to ideas about color. And we will trace the history of color technology, namely, how people in the past have struggled to bring color under control. As a part of this we will study the long history of alchemy, which was in a sense born out of attempts to mimic precious stones and metals - especially their color - and we will touch on the closely related histories of dyeing, pigments, and painting. When possible we will reproduce notable historical anatomies, particularly the anatomical procedures of Galen, Vesalius, and others, and we will also replicate some key historical experiences and experiments concerning color.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"How Digital Humanities Can Help Save the Planet", number:"null", id:"42081", path:"/courses/42081", description:"We are living in a moment of Environmental crisis as the oceans rise and carbon emissions warm the planet. And yet more than half the US population believes climate change will not harm them personally and 30% feel they cannot trust science. As the standoff at Standing Rock and the #NoDapl movement made clear, Native Americans' spirituality is playing a central role in galvanizing the public and providing alternative narratives to capitalist consumption. Students will work on ongoing projects to build partnerships between Penn and two Native American communities-- Sitting Bull College on the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in South Dakota and a UNESCO World Heritage Site nomination submitted by Ojibwe First Nations in Canada to preserve 24,000 sq. kms. of boreal forest through the use of Traditional Ecological Knowledge. This class will learn to build multi-media exhibits using Scalar, Omeka, Google Earth, and StoryMap. No previous experience is necessary. Students will learn about choosing a platform, creating dynamic narratives that incorporate videos and interactive features, and learning about grant writing in order to sustain digital projects and benefit Indigenous communities. Although the emphasis will be on practical applications or praxis, the course will also engage with new theories from the fields of Digital Humanities and Environmental", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAIN GROUP CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"36881", path:"/courses/36881", description:"This course encompasses a comprehensive survey of the chemistry and properties of the p-block elements of the periodic table. Topics include syntheses, structures and reactivities of important compounds. In addition, alternative bonding theories which have been used to explain the unique properties of thesecompounds are critically examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHIP I", number:"null", id:"37596", path:"/courses/37596", description:"Introduction to and development of principles of tonal voice-leading, harmonic function, counterpoint, and form through written analysis, composition, improvisation, and written work. Course covers diatonic harmony and introduction to chromaticism. Repertoires will focus on Western classical music. Musicianship component will include sight-singing, dictation keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"41499", path:"/courses/41499", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules and prepares students well for GRMN 104 and a minor or major in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS I", number:"null", id:"37703", path:"/courses/37703", description:"This on-line, didactic course is designed for the practicing nurse practitioner or clinical nurse specialist who seeks to gain additional knowledge and skills related to the care of adult gerontology acutely ill patients with a specific focus on cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, thoracic issues, infectious processes, wound healing and diabetes. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.The basics of ECG, CXR and PFT interpretation, ABG analysis and ventilator modes are highlighted. This course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECON & GAME", number:"null", id:"36121", path:"/courses/36121", description:"The purpose of this course is to develop students' abilities to apply game theory to decision making. Development of the tools of game theory and the application of those tools is emphasized. Game theory has become an important tool for managers and consultants in analyzing and implementing tactical as well as strategic actions. This course will primarily focus on examples useful for developing competitive strategy in the private sector (pricing and product strategy, capacity choices, contracting and negotiating, signaling and bluffing, takeover strategy, etc.). Game theory can also be used to address problems relevant to a firm's organizational strategy (e.g., internal incentives and information flow within a firm) and to a firm's non-market environment (e.g., strategic trade policies, litigation and regulation strategy).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"39744", path:"/courses/39744", description:"The objective of the game design practicum is to provide students with hands on experience designing and developing 3D computer games. Working in teams of three or four, students will brainstorm an original game concept, write a formal game design document then develop a fully functional prototype consisting of a playable level of the game. In addition to creation of original art and animation assets for the game, technical features to be designed and implemented include a nove l game mechanic and/or user interaction model, game physics (i.e. particle systems and rigid body dynamics), character animation, game AI (i.e. movement control, path planning, decision making, etc.), sound effects and effects and background music, 2D graphical user interface (GUI) design and optional multiplayer networking capabilities. Consistent with standard industry practices, game code and logic will be written using C++ and popular scripting languages such as Python and Lua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY LATIN I", number:"null", id:"41635", path:"/courses/41635", description:"An introduction to the Latin language for beginners. Students begin learning grammar and vocabulary, with practical exercises in reading in writing. By the end of the course students will be able to read and analyze simple Latin texts, including selected Roman inscriptions in the Penn Museum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"42821", path:"/courses/42821", description:"FNCE 719 is a course on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN PRAC: FAMILY FOCUSED PRIMARY CARE OF THE MIDDLE AGED AND OLDER ADULT", number:"null", id:"44685", path:"/courses/44685", description:"The focus of this course is the evaluation and management of primary care problems in middle-aged and older adults. Students will have an opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner in the clinical setting. Interdisciplinary collaborative experiences will be essential to the clinical practicum. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals, groups and families is stressed. Students are expected to assess and manage common chronic health problems in the clinical setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIRCUIT-LEVEL MODELING", number:"null", id:"39932", path:"/courses/39932", description:"Circuit-level design and modeling of gates, storage, and interconnect. Emphasis on understanding physical aspects which drive energy, delay, area, and noise in digital circuits. Impact of physical effects on design and achievable performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS ADV KOREAN", number:"null", id:"41629", path:"/courses/41629", description:"This course aims to develop an in-depth understanding of Korean culture and society through the analysis of spoken and written Korean discourse. Students will engage with key sociolinguistic concepts of politeness, hierarchy, solidarity, power, age, and gender, and enhance their advanced vocabulary and grammar. Students will also develop their abilities in conversation management, self-presentation, socialization, and sense of socio-cultural appropriateness, and gain a better understanding of how native speakers' cultural practices are reflected in language use and how interpersonal relationships are built and maintained through language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEX AND SOCIALISM", number:"null", id:"42087", path:"/courses/42087", description:"This seminar examines classic and current scholarship and literature on gender and sexuality in contemporary Eastern Europe, and examines the dialogue and interchange of ideas between East and West. Although the scholarly and creative works will primarily investigate the changing status of women during the last three decades, the course will also look at changing constructions of masculinity and LGBT movements and communities in the former communist bloc. Topics will include: the woman question before 1989; gender and emerging nationalisms; visual representations in television and film; social movements; work; romance and intimacy; spirituality; and investigations into the constructed concepts of 'freedom' and 'human rights.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETING RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"36146", path:"/courses/36146", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP II", number:"null", id:"41240", path:"/courses/41240", description:"This course is the sequel to EAS 545 and focuses on the planning process for a new technology venture. Like its prerequisite, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. Whereas EAS 545 investigates the sequential stages of engineering entrepreneurship from the initial idea through the early growth phase of a startup company, EAS 546 provides hands-on experience in developing a business plan for such a venture. Working in teams, students prepare and present a comprehensive business plan for a high-tech opportunity. The course expands on topics from EAS 545 with more in-depth attention to: industry and marketplace analysis; competitive strategies related to high-tech product/service positioning, marketing, development and operations; and preparation of sound financial plans. Effective written and verbal presentation skills are emphasized throughout the course. Ultimately, each team presents its plan to a distinguished panel of recognized entrepreneurs, investors and advisors from the high-tech industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"41686", path:"/courses/41686", description:"Syllabus for MATH 370-371: an introduction to the basic concepts of modern algebra. Linear algebra, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices, groups, rings and fields. MATH 502-503 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"43353", path:"/courses/43353", description:"An introduction to the experimental basis for and principles of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei. Students are encouraged but not required to take Math 241 concurrently or in advance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics: Introduction to Brain Science for Business", number:"null", id:"43148", path:"/courses/43148", description:"INTRODUCTION TO BRAIN SCIENCE FOR BUSINESS: Brain science offers the potential to unlock the future of business, by providing new insights that can enhance decision-making, improve precision in design and marketing team chemistry and cultivate leadership, fine-tune selection and human performance, drive creativity and innovation, create social valus, and optimize digital interactions. New developments in biometrics, implantable and wearable devices, genomics, proteomics, metabolomics, nutrition, and human microbiome, offer the opportunity for enhanced precision and impact in marketing, finance, management, analytics, and education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38127", path:"/courses/38127", description:"An exploration of the design process utilizing drawing and model-making techniques. Skills of representation and fabrication are introduced in the context of the development of each student's capacity to observe, interpret, and translate design concepts into physical form. The course includes a weekly lecture and a biweekly studio component.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM IN RESIDENCE: FILM CULTURE IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"38299", path:"/courses/38299", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR I", number:"null", id:"42107", path:"/courses/42107", description:"This course is an introduction to the repertoire and performance practices of the North Indian sitar. Fundamentals of sitar technique, composition, and improvisation are presented and practiced in class. Class lectures and discussions, audio and video material, and reading and listening assignments on selected topics supplement practice, to provide an overview of the social and historical context and the formal structures of North Indian music in general. There are no prerequisites for the course, but some experience with instrumental or vocal music is suggested. Each student is expected to put in two hours of individual practice per week, and complete reading, audio, and written assignments. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROUP DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"40307", path:"/courses/40307", description:"Section 001 -- Open to all Juniors and Seniors. This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve team effectiveness. This course makes use of analytic and reflective writing, peer feedback and coaching, simulations, and an intensive field project with a real team in the Philadelphia area. There are four kinds of teams that are the focus of your study: teams of which you've been a member in the past; your 240 Team, with three or four other classmates; a team outside of 240 that your 240 Team will observe, analyze, and report on -- your Host Team; and a team you expect to be on in the future. The primary case material for applying course concepts (learned from readings and lectures) will be these teams you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene -- as leader, member, or consultant -- to improve the performance sustainability, and impact on the members of any team. Prerequisite: Junior standing or above.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"39535", path:"/courses/39535", description:"This is the beginners course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). It will introduce you to the speaking, listening, reading and writing skills in the standard means of communication in the Arab World. The course is proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. Evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, dictations, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that by the end of this course (ARAB 031) students will range in proficiency from Novice High to Intermediate Low on the ACTFL scale; in other words (using the terminology of the government's Foreign Service Institute), from 'incipient survival' to 'full' survival' in the native-speaking environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"43541", path:"/courses/43541", description:"An introduction to the mathematical theory of statistics. Estimation, with a focus on properties of sufficient statistics and maximum likelihood estimators. Hypothesis testing, with a focus on likelihood ratio tests and the consequent development of 't' tests and hypothesis tests in regression and ANOVA. Nonparametric procedures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN WEST", number:"null", id:"44316", path:"/courses/44316", description:"This course explores the social and cultural history and current views of the many Wests we think we know, In 1872, President Grant established Yellowstone National Park, only the first of many national and state nature reserves in the west. Even while the Parks were widely celebrated, in 1876 Grant allowed miners and land speculators into the Black Hills, or Paha Sapa, land long considered sacred by the Lakota peoples and 'protected' for them as recently as 1868 Treaty of Laramie. From this pairing of events in the 1870s spring the many overlapping themes this course will address: Native peoples, their beliefs and material cultures, pressured by the arrival of scattered industries (gold rushes, silver and copper mining); irregular sources of industrial and banking capital from England, New York, Chicago, and elsewhere; the arrival of the US Army in 1851, then a break removing troops for the Civil War, then their renewed and constant appearance from 1866 on and the making and breaking of other treaties; the irregular scattering of land speculators and dirt farmers, even while the US government insisted the Sioux and Cheyennes, among other peoples, not disturb the passage of planters on the Oregon Trail, even as their hunting grounds were enclosed by the Union Pacific and North Pacific railroads by 1870.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"44381", path:"/courses/44381", description:"This course is the equivalent to JPAN 111 + JPAN 112, and completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II and Basic kanji book I (L.11 - L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx.250/recognitio-approx 350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRACTICE CONCEPTS FOR THE CHILDBEARING FAMILY", number:"null", id:"37691", path:"/courses/37691", description:"The seminar will provide students with the skills necessary to provide primary health care to high risk infants in ambulatory settings. Course material will include detailed physical assessment skills of the infant through the first year of life. The clinical component will include home visits and experience in the ambulatory and long term care settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN HEALTH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"36604", path:"/courses/36604", description:"This course views health care from the perspective of social justice by exploring political, social, racial/ethnic, and economic factors that impact access to care. It incorporates a broad, ecological definition of health (beyond the medical model) and focuses on urban populations disproportionately affected by health care disparities. A broad range of issues, interventions, and interrelationships are discussed; these include infant mortality, childhood asthma, violence, substance abuse, diet-related disease, HIV/AIDS and mental illness. Guest speakers who are key figures in the Philadelphia area are invited for class presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINGUISTIC FIELD METHODS", number:"null", id:"36042", path:"/courses/36042", description:"Instruction and practice in primary linguistic research, producing a grammatical sketch and a lexicon through work with a native-speaker consultant and some reference materials. Consultant work is shared with LING 502.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC. OF MEDIA & POP CULT", number:"null", id:"37909", path:"/courses/37909", description:"This course relies on a variety of sociological perspectives to examine the role of media and popular culture in society, with a particular emphasis on the power of the mass media industry, the relationship between cultural consumption and status, and the social organization of leisure activities from sports to shopping. Specific course topics include the branding of Starbucks, the rising importance of aesthetics and style in everyday life, and how young people use social media in the digital age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"35801", path:"/courses/35801", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions and international banking activities. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry. We will focus on the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and country risk. In addition, we will consider how to evaluate and compare the risk exposures and performance of individual banks. Throughout the semester we will discuss public policy issues such as international debt crises and regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40584", path:"/courses/40584", description:"This course will present an in-depth examination of political, economic and social change in post-Soviet Russia within a historical context. After a brief discussion of contemporary problems in Russia, the first half of the course will delve into the rise of communism in 1917, the evolution of the Soviet regime, and the tensions between ideology and practice over the seventy years of communist rule up until 1985. The second part of the course will begin with an examination of the Gorbachev period and the competing interpretations of how the events between 1985 and 1991 may have contributed to the collapse of the Soviet Union. We will then proceed to make sense of the continuities and changes in politics, economics and society in contemporary Russia. Important topics will include the confrontations accompanying the adoption of a new constitution, the emergence of competing ideologies and parties, the struggle over economic privatization, the question of federalism and nationalism, social and political implicatons of economic reform, and prospects for Russia's future in the Putin and post-Putin era.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"38419", path:"/courses/38419", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES WRIT SEM (LPS II)", number:"null", id:"40822", path:"/courses/40822", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CASE ANALYSIS IN CLINICAL NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"40428", path:"/courses/40428", description:"This course is designed for present and future nurse professionals who wish to increase their knowledge of nutrition and expertise and application of knowledge to achieve optimal health of clients and themselves. Principles of medical nutrition therapy in health care delivery are emphasized in periods of physiologic stress and metabolic alterations. Individual nutrient requirements are considered from pathophysiologic and iatrogenic influences on nutritional status. Nutritional considerations for disease states will be explored through epidemiological, prevalence, incidence, treatment and research data. Understanding application of medical nutrition therapy are included through case analysis and field experiences", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SANSKRIT 1ST YEAR PART I", number:"null", id:"42113", path:"/courses/42113", description:"During the first semester of beginning Sanskrit, students will be introduced to the script, phonetics, and grammar of the Sanskrit language. By the end of the semester they will be able to begin to read Sanskrit texts and compose Sanskrit sentences in addition to carrying out simple conversation. They will build the requisite skills to read, by the second semester, simple inscriptions and sections from texts like the Ramayana, the Mahabharata, the Bhagavad Gita, Pancatantra, and Yoga Sutra. Students will also be introduced to many features of Sanskrit culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL PROG FALL TERM: Politics of Power and Wealth", number:"null", id:"41601", path:"/courses/41601", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Latinx Communities and the Role of CBO's in Social Change", number:"null", id:"41634", path:"/courses/41634", description:"The purpose of this course to create a Latino Studies/Service Learning ABCS course that cultivates dialogue and knowledge about the social, political, cultural and historical complexities of the Latinx experience in the United States (Philadelphia in particular) and the roles Latinx CBO's play in meeting the needs of Latinx communities and in impacting social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"39658", path:"/courses/39658", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 100.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH I", number:"null", id:"42527", path:"/courses/42527", description:"A fast-paced introduction to the fundamental concepts of programming and software design. This course assumes some previous programming experience, at the level of a high school computer science class or CIS110. (If you got at least 4 in the AP Computer Science A or AB exam, you will do great.) No specific programming language background is assumed: basic experience with any language (for instance Java, C, C++, VB, Python, Perl, or Scheme) is fine. If you have never programmed before, you should take CIS 110 first.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MNGING & COMPET IN CHINA: MANAGING AND COMPETING IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"38937", path:"/courses/38937", description:"The business environment in China is characterized by both uncertainty and complexity. On the one hand, it is changing fast; on the other hand, it is influenced by deep-rooted political, economic, and cultural forces that exhibit tremendous inertia. This course will help students--as potential managers, entrepreneurs, and investors--gain the knoweledge and analytical skills necessary to compete effectively in China. We will discuss various types of firms in the Chinese economy--from large state-owned enterprises (SOEs) to newly minted Internet giants, from prominent multinational companies (MNCs) to virtually anonymous local suppliers--and the unique institutions in which these firms operate. Such discussions will also help managers whose firms compete or collaborate with Chinese firms on the global stage. We will use a combination of lectures, cases, debates, and role play in class. You will also have the opportunity to apply your learning to real business scenarios.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35774", path:"/courses/35774", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Someareasof financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FRENCH", number:"null", id:"44229", path:"/courses/44229", description:"French 202 is a third-year level course aimed at better understanding contemporary French society, language and culture, with a special focus on today's young generation. What defines a generation in the first place, and how do the lives of young people in France compare to those of their American counterparts? To answer these questions, students in 202 will delve into numerous aspects of French youth experience from the school system to family life, and from the workplace to the political arena, with the aid of resources including contemporary films, news articles, songs, literary texts, and the recent sociological project 'Generation Quoi.' In addition, they will forge connections with the French community on Penn's campus, as they embark on a journey of cultural exploration and reflexive self-discovery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION THROUGHOUT THE LIFE CYCLE", number:"null", id:"41850", path:"/courses/41850", description:"Understanding and meeting nutritional needs from conception through adulthood will be addressed. Nutrition-related concerns at each stage of the lifecycle, including impact of lifestyle, education, economics and food behavior will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANIME TO ZEN AESTHETICS", number:"null", id:"39800", path:"/courses/39800", description:"Japan has one of the richest and most varied theatrical traditions in the world, and is a veritable museum of classical and contemporary performances practices. This seminar is designed to introduce students to several major aesthetic principles that are embodied in different theatrical genres. The students will be taken deep into several important texts of the performance tradition, as well as to various places on Penn campus and in Philadelphia in order to fully experience these aesthetics:", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRAVEL WRITING:  CONTEMPORARY APPROACHES", number:"null", id:"44076", path:"/courses/44076", description:"These courses enable students to think and write creatively as a means to the critical understanding of literary texts. The topic of the course will vary from semester to semester, but the course will always seek to advance students understanding of literature, its formal elements, and its relationship to culture and history through the use of creative projects instead of or alongside more traditional critical writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AESTHETICS", number:"null", id:"44753", path:"/courses/44753", description:"This course examines philosophical issues centering on the nature and value of the arts. Some questions we'll consider are: What is art? What does it mean to have an aesthetic experience? How are aesthetic experiences different from non-aesthetic ones? What is the relation between art and truth? How do the moral qualities in a work of art affect its aesthetic qualities? Why are emotions important in our interpretations of artworks? What is the relation between art and expression? Do forgeries necessarily have less aesthetic value than original artworks? What are aesthetic judgments, and are they merely expressions of taste? Lecture and discussion will center on both classical and contemporary works in aesthetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACTUARIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"37951", path:"/courses/37951", description:"This course covers models for insurer's losses, and applications of Markov chains. Poisson processes, including extensions such as non-homogeneous, compound, and mixed Poisson processes are studied in detail. The compound model is then used to establish the distribution of losses. An extensive section on Markov chains provides the theory to forecast future states of the process, as well as numerous applications of Markov chains to insurance, finance, and genetics. The course is abundantly illustrated by examples from the insurance and finance literature. While most of the students taking the course are future actuaries, other students interested in applications of statistics may discover in class many fascinating applications of stochastic processes and Markov chains.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR COMPLE & ALTERN MED", number:"null", id:"44349", path:"/courses/44349", description:"This course will introduce the student to the field of complementary of and alternative medicine (or CAM). In addition to providing an overview of several common modalities and systems currently used in the U.S., the course will explore such topics as health belief systems, spirituality and health, ethnomedicine, the holistic paradigm, the social context of health, healthcare as a cultural construct, and the contemporary emergence of integrative medicine. I invite students to approach the subject matter with open-minded skepticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAVASCRIPT", number:"null", id:"42535", path:"/courses/42535", description:"This course provides an introduction to modern web development frameworks, techniques, and practices used to deliver robust client side applications on the web. The emphasis will be on developing JavaScript programs that run in the browser. Topics covered include the JavaScript language, web browser internals, the Document Object Model (DOM), HTML5, client-side app architecture and compile-to-JS languages like (Coffeescript, TypeScript, etc.). This course is most useful for students who have some programming and web development experience and want to develop moderate JavaScript skills to be able to build complex, interactive applications in the browser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"44185", path:"/courses/44185", description:"This course covers one of the most exciting yet fundamental areas in finance: derivative securities. In the modern financial architecture, financial derivatives can be the most challenging and exotic securities traded by institutional specialists, while at the same time, they can also be the basic securities commonly traded by retail investors such as S&P Index Options, Beyond trading, the basic ideas of financial derivatives serve as building blocks to understand a much broader class of financial problems, such as complex asset portfolos, strategic corporate decisions, and stages in venture capital investing. The golobal derivatives market is one of the most fast-growing markets, with over $600 trillion notional value in total. It is important as ever to understand both the strategic opportunities offered by these derivative instruments and risks they imply. The main objective of this course is to help students gain the intuition and skills on (1) pricing and hedging of derivative securities, and (2) using them for investment and risk management. In terms of metholologies, we apply the non-arbitrage principle and the law of one price to dynamic models through three different approaches: the binomial tree model, the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and the simulation-based risk neutral pricing approach. We discuss a wide range", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIPER SEMINAR: Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER) Seminar, Part I", number:"null", id:"43604", path:"/courses/43604", description:"This is the first part of the two-semester seminar designed to introduce students to the VIPER program and help them prepare for energy-related research. Research articles on various energy-related topics will be discussed, and students will be guided toward their research topic selection. Library research, presentation of data, basic research methods, research ethics, data analysis, advisor identification, and funding options will also be discussed. Sample energy topics discussed will include: Applications of nanostructured materials in solar cells; Solid oxide fuel cells; Global climate modeling: radiant heat transfer; Nanocrystal-based technologies for energy storage; Photo-bioreactor systems for mass production of micro-algae; Advanced rare earths separations chemistry; Modeling of oxides for solar energy applications; and Electronic transport in carbon nanomaterials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"36172", path:"/courses/36172", description:"This course will provide an overview of select topics in equilibrium and non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. The emphasis will be on elucidating the basic postulates of statistical mechanics, explaining its fundamental laws and introducing the methodology of non-equilibrium processes via select applications in diverse fields. Statistical Mechanics is a unique branch of physics that permeates our understanding of matter at all length scales, from nanometers to stellar dimensions, and ranging in temperatures from nano-Kelvin to billions of degrees Kelvin. The techniques of Statistical Mechanics have been employed in condensed matter physics and materials science when studying solids, liquids, and gases as well as in other disciplines such as biology, zoology, molecular biology, physiology, economics, signal transmission and large scale networks such as the world-wide web. It is envisaged that students at Penn and especially in MSE/SEAS will benefit by getting a perspective of this fascinating subject and appreciate how its principles govern phenomena as diverse as semiconductor devices, greenhouse effect, biological pattern formation and instabilities on material surfaces.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ERGO/HUM FAC BSD PRO DSG", number:"null", id:"40173", path:"/courses/40173", description:"Human Factors and Ergonomics knowledge is a critical component of a product designer or design engineer's toolbox. This course teaches the direct application of existing human factors/ergonomic data to the creation of new product designs. Applying human factors knowledge to problem solving for product design happens throughout the design process. It is a useful input as initial ideas begin to ut and as a way to verify completed concepts through directly documented user testing and design iteration. The course would be a mini-lecture/studio style course in which the students will work in class on assigned projects, finding, analyzing, extrapolating and applying data to design solutions and creating mockups, modeland prototypes for user testing of their designs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH OF SOC RES", number:"null", id:"44936", path:"/courses/44936", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to field methods in sociological research, with a focus on participant-observation and interviewing. During this course, students will read original research based on field methods and discuss their strengths, limitations, and ethical dilemmas. Most importantly, students will design their own research projects and become ethnographers and interviewers. Students will be guided through the fieldwork process from data collection to analysis, and will turn in multiple assignments and original research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO REAL ESTATE", number:"null", id:"42065", path:"/courses/42065", description:"The goal of this class is to help students become informed consumers of real estate advice. The class material breaks down into four major sections: 1) The financial risk and return of property level real estate investments. Be able to interpret, understand and evaluate a real estate property investment pro forma. 2) The legal landscape for investing in real estate and using legal structures to manage risk. 3) The economics of commercial real estate markets. Understanding the forces that will determine the value and income-producing potential of a real estate investment. 4) Important real estate issues of the day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Translation: Spanish < > English", number:"null", id:"39349", path:"/courses/39349", description:"This course is designed for students who already have a solid foundation in Spanish and English grammar. It provides an introduction to the theory and practice of translating between English and Spanish, addressing important topics such as discourse strategies, register and mood, dialect, genre, and cultural norms linked to written and oral communication. This is a very writing-intensive class, both in and out of the classroom. There are assinged readings from the textbooks and/or assignments online for every class meeting, which will be used to discuss both the practicalities and the cultural implications of translation. Class meetings will consist of class discussions about translation in general, and critiques of your own translation efforts in particular, combined with small group or pair work on translation exercises. While there will necessarily be some use of English, the class is conducted primarily in Spanish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"36353", path:"/courses/36353", description:"Special relativity, an introduction to the principles of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOLKLORE AND SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"37218", path:"/courses/37218", description:"Sexuality is usually thought of as being biological or social, divided into categories of natural and unnatural. Often misssed are its creative and communicative aspects. Examining the constructed social elements of sexuality requires attention be paid to folklore in groups, between individuals and on the larger platform of popular technological media. The most interesting locations for exploration are those places where borderlands or margins, occur between genders, orientations and other cultural categories. A field-based paper will be required that must include documentary research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEAS", number:"null", id:"38207", path:"/courses/38207", description:"This course will familiarize students with advances in our understanding of the clinical features and pathogenesis of a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, prion diseases, Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonisms, neurodegenerative ataxias, motoneuron diseases, degenerative diseases with chorea, iron and copper disorders, and mitochondrial diseases. Students will analyze original research reports on a range of proposed pathological cellular processes that may represent steps in cell dealth pathways leading to neuron loss seen in these diseases.Significant emphasis will be placed on the fast-expanding field exploring genetic contributions to neurodegenerative disease, as identification of genetic mutations pathogenenic for familial neurodegenerative diseases has been a major driving force in neurodegenerative research and pointed researchers towards essential molecular process that may underlie these disorders. Strategies for therapeutic intervention in the management, prevention, and cure of neurodegenerative disease will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM PHYS INITIATIVE", number:"null", id:"37764", path:"/courses/37764", description:"This is an Academically Based Community Service Course (ABCS). It will be aligned to the Philadelphia School District curriculum in introductory physics at University City High School (UCHS). The UCHS curriculum roughly parallels the contents of first semester introductory physics (non-calculus) at Penn.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOLARSYSTEM EXOPLANETS", number:"null", id:"35338", path:"/courses/35338", description:"A survey course on planets and life covering our own Solar System and exoplanets orbiting other stars. Topics include the latest results and theories about: the origin and evolution of planetary systems around our Sun and other stars; the detection of exoplanets; the implications of planetary atmospheres for life; and the search for life on other planets in our Solar System. This course is designed for the non-major and elementary algebra and geometry will be used. Physical science majors and engineering students should prefer ASTR 011 to this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"41861", path:"/courses/41861", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIALS SELECTION", number:"null", id:"36164", path:"/courses/36164", description:"Throughout mankind's history, materials have played a critical role in civilization and technology. The selection of materials has been based on availability and functionality. The rapid advances of materials technologies in the last 150 years, however, have made nearly all classes and forms of materials available, at a cost. Therefore, in theory at least, materials selection can now proceed on a rational basis as an optimization process. In this course, we will focus on structural applications where mechanical design is central. By the end of the course, the students can expect to acquire a level of engineering familiarity with a broad range of materials, and be prepared to undertake material design projects in the future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DEVELOPMENTAL PHYSIOLOGY AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40465", path:"/courses/40465", description:"This course will address advanced human embryology, physiology and pathophysiology. Biochemical genetics and the genetic basis of disease will be discussed. Normal fetal development and physiology of organ systems will be used as the foundation for understanding the pathophysiology of disease across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN H&SS", number:"null", id:"41592", path:"/courses/41592", description:"Seminar for first-year graduate students, undergraduate majors, and advanced undergraduates. Reading will introduce the student to current work concerning the effect of social context on science, technology, and medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW PRODUCT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44550", path:"/courses/44550", description:"This course provides a total immersion in the new product development process - from sourcing ideas and innovation, through new product sales forecasting. The focus is on collective learning, what works, what doesn't, and why. While the primary focus is the new product development process within a corporate structure, some coverage is given to key issues surrounding start-ups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIT APPR TO POP CULTURE", number:"null", id:"42581", path:"/courses/42581", description:"Popular culture has been variously dismissed as mere trivia, 'just entertainment;' it has been condemned as propaganda, a tool of mass deception; and its consumers have been dubbed fashion victims and couch potatoes. This course considers these critiques, as well as those that suggest that popular culture offers valuable material for the study of social life. We will consider the meanings and impact of popular culture, including its effects on how we see ourselves, others, and American life; who makes distinctions between high, middlebrow, and low or mass culture; and how power and resistance structure the production and consumption of popular texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER METHODS I", number:"null", id:"40261", path:"/courses/40261", description:"Students will use symbolic manipulation software and write programs to solve problems in numerical quadrature, equation-solving, linear algebra and differential equations. Theoretical and computational aspects of the methods will be discussed along with error analysis and a critical comparison of methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO POSITIVE PSYCH", number:"null", id:"42047", path:"/courses/42047", description:"An introduction to the study of positive emotions, positive character traits, and positive institutions. The positive emotions consist of emotions about the past (e.g., serenity, satisfaction, pride), about the future (e.g., hope, optimism, faith), and emotions about the present (pleasure and gratification). The distinction among the pleasant life, the good life, and the meaningful life is drawn. The positive traits include wisdom, courage, humanity, justice, temperance, and spirituality, and the classification of these virtues is explored. The positive institutions are exemplified by extended families, free press, humane leadership, and representative government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BIOLOGY OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"36814", path:"/courses/36814", description:"This course will examine the ways in which humans manipulate - and have been manipulated by - the organisms we depend on for food, with particular emphasis on the biological factors that influence this interaction. The first part of the course will cover the biology, genetics, evolution, and breeding of cultivated plants and animals; the second part will concern the ecological, economic, and political factors that influence food production. Lab activities include demonstrations and field trips to local farms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"43865", path:"/courses/43865", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course can be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 or CHEM 243.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN PROJECT", number:"null", id:"35351", path:"/courses/35351", description:"Second semester of a year-long design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLACK AMER POL THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"43404", path:"/courses/43404", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"39200", path:"/courses/39200", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and two novels; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT/MASS TRANSFER", number:"null", id:"44485", path:"/courses/44485", description:"This course covers fundamentals of heat and mass transfer and applications to practical problems in energy conversion and conservation. Emphasis will be on developing a physical and analytical understanding of conductive, convective, and radiative heat transfer, as well as design of heat exchangers and heat transfer with phase change. Topics covered will include: types of heat transfer processes, their relative importance, and the interactions between them, solutions of steady state and transient state conduction, emission and absorption of radiation by real surfaces and radiative transfer between surfaces, heat transfer by forced and natural convection owing to flow around bodies and through ducts, analytical solutions for some sample cases and applications of correlations for engineering problems. Students will develop an ability to apply governing principles and physical intuition to solve problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSE ANESTHESIA RES I: Nurse Anesthesia Residency I", number:"null", id:"44697", path:"/courses/44697", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL TRADE", number:"null", id:"37038", path:"/courses/37038", description:"Structure of the world economy; theory of international trade; economic growth and international trade; international trade policy: developed countries; developing countries. Direct investment, technology transfers, and the multinational firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"37914", path:"/courses/37914", description:"Topic vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: POLITICAL ECON: PUBLIC CHOICE THEORY", number:"null", id:"42000", path:"/courses/42000", description:"Political Economy studies the relationships between individuals and society and between markets and the state.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT & MASS TRANSPORT", number:"null", id:"35420", path:"/courses/35420", description:"Steady-state heat conduction. The energy equation. Fourier's law. Unsteady-state conduction. Convective heat transfer. Radiation. Design of heat transfer equipment. Diffusion, fluxes, and component conservation equations. Convective mass transfer. Interphase mass transport coefficients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Brain Changes Through Tragedy and Triumph", number:"null", id:"41021", path:"/courses/41021", description:"There are currently major advances in understanding how the brain works. Whereas sixty years ago, it was believed that the mature brain was a fixed structure, new research shows not only that the brain can change, but also that it changes continuously throughtout life. An overview of neuroplasticity,as it refers to change in the nervous syste, will be presented in this course. Major topics will regard: an introduction to the brain anatomy necessary in explanations of neuroplastic changes that occur in response to the nerve injury and brain damage; a consideration of addiction and pain as conditions involving maladaptive forms of neuroplasticity; and an overview of lifelong brain changes illustrating neuroplasticity as a lifelong process.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERM VIETNAMESE I & II", number:"null", id:"35263", path:"/courses/35263", description:"A continuation of ALAN 110, the written and spoken language of Vietnam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD MUSICS & CULTURES", number:"null", id:"45215", path:"/courses/45215", description:"This course examines how we as consumers in the 'Western' world engage with musical difference largely through the products of the global entertainment industry. We examine music cultures in contact in a variety of ways-- particularly as traditions in transformation. Students gain an understanding of traditional music as live, meaningful person-to-person music making, by examining the music in its original site of production, and then considering its transformation once it is removed, and recontextualized in a variety of ways. The purpose of the course is to enable students to become informed and critical consumers of 'World Music' by telling a series of stories about particular recordings made with, or using the music of, peoples culturally and geographically distant from the US. Students come to understand that not all music downloads containing music from unfamiliar places are the same, and that particular recordings may be embedded in intriguing and controversial narratives of production and consumption. At the very least, students should emerge from the class with a clear understanding that the production, distribution, and consumption of world music is rarely a neutral process. Fulfills College Cross Cultural Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT & CLINICAL DEC. MAKING:NURS OF CHILDREN CLINICAL I", number:"null", id:"41897", path:"/courses/41897", description:"This clinical course is designed to help prospective advanced practice nurses develop advanced skills in physical and developmental assessment of children in a variety of well-child, clinic and hospital settings. Data collection, data interpretation, and hypothesis formulations are emphasized for the purpose of clinical decision making. The role of the advanced practice nurse in assessment of primary health care issues and health promotion is incorporated throughout the course. Collaboration as an integral part of assessment will be an ongoing focus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN HEALTH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"45015", path:"/courses/45015", description:"This course views health care from the perspective of social justice by exploring political, social, racial/ethnic, and economic factors that impact access to care. It incorporates a broad, ecological definition of health (beyond the medical model) and focuses on urban populations disproportionately affected by health care disparities. A broad range of issues, interventions, and interrelationships are discussed; these include infant mortality, childhood asthma, violence, substance abuse, diet-related disease, and mental illness. Guest speakers who are key figures in the Philadelphia area are invited for class presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ETHICS", number:"null", id:"40526", path:"/courses/40526", description:"In this course we will begin by examining practical ethical dilemmas facing businesses. Since usually people, not businesses, face ethical quandaries, we will consider how a business can face an ethical dilemma at all. Maybe it doesn't even make sense to attribute responsibilities, liabilities, or agency to corporations. If businesses do indeed have moral responsibilities, perhaps that means that employees have corresponding rights against their employers. With a better understanding of how the ethical world intersects with the business world, we can thoughtfully discuss the place of the corporation in society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI,TECH & GLOBAL CAPIT", number:"null", id:"39382", path:"/courses/39382", description:"Modern capitalism has been defined by the circulation of commodities, from gold in the 16th century to sugar in the 17th, tobacco in the 18th, cotton in the 19th, oil in the 20th, and financial derivatives in the 21st. But the world is always messy and complex, rather than neatly divided into products and goods. How, why, and for whose benefit do we divide nature into the abstractions of the marketplace? Who holds power over where, why, and how that happens? In this seminar, we?ll use a wide range of scholarship from the humanities, social sciences, and the sciences, along with primary texts and other sources, in order to understand the close links among global capitalism, science and technology, and the natural world.??", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MARATHI II", number:"null", id:"39302", path:"/courses/39302", description:"Simple sentences in the present tense, narration (spoken as well written) of day to day activities, expressing likes & dislikes, culturally appropriate greetings and addressing, ability to describe events happening in present and present incomplete tense, consolidation of reading and writing skill acquired in the previous semester as well as proper pronunciations of common usage words and phrases. Speaking practices based upon the My Marathi Text book created by University of Mumbai.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN ETHNOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"43589", path:"/courses/43589", description:"With its multi-ethnic neighborhoods and rich cultural life, Philadelphia is an ideal site for learning how to carry out urban ethnography. In the course, students will understand the ethnographic approach and learn skills to conduct their own ethnography as they explore urban life and culture in the nation's sixth largest city. The course is structured as a seminar in which students will read ethnographic studies of Philadelphia and other urban settings. With our focus on the urban landscape, we will gain an appreciation for the macro processes, such as globalization, that shape the city. Ethnography attends to such processes as well as how humans experience them. The class will explore various themes, including the ethnic city, the gendered city, the contested city, the sacred city, the global city, and the aesthetic and expressive city. In addition to reading assignments, we will look at images, videos, and online material. Students will design and execute their own ethnographic fieldwork project on an urban topic that interests them. Through step-by-step instruction throughout the semester, students will learn qualitative research techniques such as field notes, participant-observation, interviewing, and how to interpret their own data, so that they will be able to complete their semester project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"39359", path:"/courses/39359", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"37351", path:"/courses/37351", description:"This course surveys the history of medical knowledge and practice from antiquity to the present. No prior background in the history of science or medicine is required. The course has two principal goals: (1)to give students a practical introduction to the fundamental questions and methods of the history of medicine, and (2)to foster a nuanced, critical understanding of medicine's complex role in contemporary society. The couse takes a broadly chronological approach, blending the perspectives of the patient,the physician,and society as a whole--recognizing that medicine has always aspired to 'treat' healthy people as well as the sick and infirm. Rather than history 'from the top down'or 'from the bottom up,'this course sets its sights on history from the inside out. This means, first, that medical knowledge and practice is understood through the personal experiences of patients and caregivers. It also means that lectures and discussions will take the long-discredited knowledge and treatments of the past seriously,on their own terms, rather than judging them by todays's standards. Required readings consist largely of primary sources, from elite medical texts to patient diaries. Short research assignments will encourge students to adopt the perspectives of a range of actors in various historical eras.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS, POLITICS & ECON: CONCEPTIONS OF EQUALITY", number:"null", id:"36373", path:"/courses/36373", description:"This is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL NEUROBIOL", number:"null", id:"36809", path:"/courses/36809", description:"This course will focus on cellular and molecular mechanisms of the organogenesis of the central nervous system. A goal of the course will be to understand the form, function and pathology of the adult nervous system in terms of antecedent developmental processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATIVE DESIGN STUDIO: BIOLOGICAL DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39973", path:"/courses/39973", description:"This course is a research-based design studio that introduces new materials, fabrication, and prototyping techniques to develop a series of design proposals in response to the theme: Biological Design. The studio introduces life sciences and biotechnologies to designers, artists, and non-specialists to develop creative and critical propositions that address the social, cultural, and environmental needs of the 21st century. The course will be a pilot study of the first biodesign challenge organized by CUT/PASTE/GROW. The final projects will be submitted to a competition and the winning entry will be featured at Biofabricate in Summer 2017.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS 19TH-C LITERATURE: WRITING EMPIRE", number:"null", id:"37079", path:"/courses/37079", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY LATIN II", number:"null", id:"44400", path:"/courses/44400", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 101 or equivalent. Completes the introduction to the Latin language begun in 101. By the end of the course students will have a complete working knowledge of Latin grammar, a growing vocabulary, and experience in reading simple continuous texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF CHILDREN CLINICAL IV", number:"null", id:"45251", path:"/courses/45251", description:"This clinical course focuses on the implementation of the role of the advanced practice nurse with particular emphasis on providing continuity of care for children with specialized health needs across their transitions in sites of care delivery and throughout phases in the cycle of their illnesses. Application of nursing, biological and behavioral science is emphasized in the community aspects of clinical assessment and management of children with health care needs and their families.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing, Social Media and E-Commerce", number:"null", id:"43145", path:"/courses/43145", description:"MKTG 770 explores the digital marketing environment from both a consumer and business perspective. The course provides an overview of various online business models and delves into digital advertising and social media marketing techniques and technologies. A mixture of case studies, guest speakers and assignments, including one that uses real advertising data, translates theory into practice. It is recommended that students enrolling in the course be comfortable using Excel and are knowledgeable in applying regression analysis techniques. Students who would prefer a less technical course may wish to take MKTG 727, Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce, a half cu course offered by the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF MODERN PHILOS", number:"null", id:"37736", path:"/courses/37736", description:"This course is an introduction to a few central themes in philosophy in the 17th and 18th centuries, and to some of the crucial thinkers who addressed those themes. Topics to be covered may include, among others, the nature of the human being (including the human mind), the relationship between God and the created world, the nature of freedom, and the relations among natural sciences, philosophy and theology in this rich period of human history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTER'S THESIS RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"36192", path:"/courses/36192", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIMENTAL PHYS CHEM I", number:"null", id:"38263", path:"/courses/38263", description:"Important methods, skills, and apparatus used for the acquisition and interpretation of quantitative information about chemical systems will be discussed in principle and used in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS FOR WHARTON STU", number:"null", id:"36052", path:"/courses/36052", description:"Differential calculus, integral calculus, series, differential equations and elements of multivariable calculus, with an emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHIL: THE ETHICS OF IDENTITY", number:"null", id:"36653", path:"/courses/36653", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Philosophy, the study of the nature and theory of reality, existence, and knowledge. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEAS", number:"null", id:"39605", path:"/courses/39605", description:"This course will familiarize students with advances in our understanding of the clinical features and pathogenesis of a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, prion diseases, Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonisms, neurodegenerative ataxias, motoneuron diseases, degenerative diseases with chorea, iron and copper disorders, and mitochondrial diseases. Students will analyze original research reports on a range of proposed pathological cellular processes that may represent steps in cell dealth pathways leading to neuron loss seen in these diseases.Significant emphasis will be placed on the fast-expanding field exploring genetic contributions to neurodegenerative disease, as identification of genetic mutations pathogenenic for familial neurodegenerative diseases has been a major driving force in neurodegenerative research and pointed researchers towards essential molecular process that may underlie these disorders. Strategies for therapeutic intervention in the management, prevention, and cure of neurodegenerative disease will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANAL METH ECON, LAW MED", number:"null", id:"37463", path:"/courses/37463", description:"Elementary applications of decision analysis, game theory, probability and statistics to issues in accounting, contracting, finance, law, and medicine, amongst others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS BASED ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"38333", path:"/courses/38333", description:"This course introduces students to common physically based simulation techniques for animation of fluids and gases, rigid and deformable solids, cloth, explosions, fire, smoke, virtual characters, and other systems. Physically based simulation techniques allow for creation of extremely realistic special effects for movies, video games and surgical simulation systems. We will learn state-of-the-art techniques that are commonly used in current special effects and animation studios and in video games community. To gain hands-on experience, students will implement basic simulators for several systems. The topics will include: Particle Systems, Mass spring systems, Deformable Solids & Fracture, Cloth, Explosions & Fire, Smoke, Fluids, Deformable active characters, Simulation and control of rigid bodies, Rigid body dynamics, Collision detection and handling, Simulation of articulated characters, Simulated characters in games. The course is appropriate for both upper level undergraduate and graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"42830", path:"/courses/42830", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL RISK ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"38780", path:"/courses/38780", description:"This course teaches students to apply social science theories and concepts together with futures methodologies (e.g. Delphi method; country risk assessments used by ratings agencies) to the challenges of addressing international political risks to the continuity, effectiveness and operations of business, government and other organizations in their international transactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REVOLUTIONARY AMERICA 1750-1800: POLITICS, WAR AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"41557", path:"/courses/41557", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT DISCOV ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43935", path:"/courses/43935", description:"Archaeology is a young and exciting scientific discipline created around 150 years ago as a way to discover and interpret the material remains of our human past. Many archaeological sites are world-famous: Pompeii, Troy, the pyramids of Egypt, the Parthenon of Athens, the temple complex at Angkor, to name a few. In this course, we will examine many important archaeological sites, mainly in the Old World of the Mediterranean, Near East, and Asia, but also in the New World of North and South America. Using a thematic and comparative approach, we will delve deeper to explore the societies that produced these wonders, and examine cultural similarities and differences across the ancient world. This course is a non-technical introduction for students interested in archaeology, history, art history, anthropology, or related subjects. There are no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SILICON GARAGE", number:"null", id:"42737", path:"/courses/42737", description:"Project-centric learning course for non-ESE majors on microprocessor control of physical systems using open-source hardware and software platforms. Students will work in teams to develop software controlled systems based on the Arduino and Raspberry-Pi that interface with the real world (sensors, actuators, motors) and each other (networking).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Idea of Nationalism", number:"null", id:"39798", path:"/courses/39798", description:"Nationalism has been the most important geo-political phenomenon of the past two hundred years. Its continuing power has been amply demonstrated by recent events in many parts of the world. The principle of national self- determination and closely related notions of individualism and human rights shape the global context in which businesses, governments, organizations, and individuals must operate in the 21st century. This seminar course will explore the ideology of nationalism through the lens of institutions and organizationscorporations, nonprofits, government, NGOs, unions, religious communities, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCANDALOUS ARTS", number:"null", id:"39755", path:"/courses/39755", description:"What do the ancient Greek comedian Aristophanes, the Roman satirist Juvenal, have in common with Snoop Dogg and Eminem? Many things, in fact, but perhaps the most fundamental is that they are all united by a stance that constantly threatens to offend prevailing social norms, whether through obscenity, violence or misogyny. This course will examine our conceptions of art (including literary, visual and musical media) that are deemed by certain communities to transgress the boundaries of taste and convention. It juxtaposes modern notions of artistic transgression, and the criteria used to evaluate such material, with the production of and discourse about transgressive art in classical antiquity. Students will consider, among other things, why communities feel compelled to repudiate some forms of art, while others into classics.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARMA,BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"42916", path:"/courses/42916", description:"Arranged with members of the Faculty of the Health Care Systems Department. For further information contact the Department office, Room 204, Colonial Penn Center, 3641 Locust Walk, 898-6861.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MEANING OF DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"40598", path:"/courses/40598", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. Recent topics include: Globalization; Race & Criminal Justice; Democracy & Markets in Postcommunist Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Globalization and its Historical Significance", number:"null", id:"36713", path:"/courses/36713", description:"This course describes and analyses the current state of globalization and sets it in historical perspective. It applies the concepts and methods of anthropology, history, political economy and sociology to the analysis and interpretation of what is actually happening in the course of the semester that relates to the progress of globalization. We focus on a series of questions not only about what is happening but about the growing awareness of it and the consequences of the increasing awareness. In answering these questions we distinguish between active campaigns to cover the world (e.g. Christian and Muslim proselytism, free-trade agreements, democratization) and the unplanned diffusion of new ways of organizing trade, capital flows, tourism and remote interaction via the Internet. The body of the course deals with particular dimensions of globalization, reviewing both the early and recent history of each. The overall approach is historical and comparative, setting globalization on the larger stage of the economic, political and cultural development of various parts of the modern world. 

The course is taught collaboratively by an anthropologist, an historian, and a sociologist, offering the opportunity to compare and contrast distinct disciplinary approaches. It seeks to develop a general social-science-based theoretical understanding of the various historical dimensions of globalization: economic, political, social and cultural.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION II: MIDWIFERY INTEGRATION", number:"null", id:"40481", path:"/courses/40481", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on intrapartum, postpartum, and newborn care. Clinical practice during the intrapartum and postpartum, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI OF SEX & SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"38693", path:"/courses/38693", description:"While sexual and gender diversity have been consisten features in most cultures throughout history, how such gender and sexual based discussion have been articulated, understood, condoned, or condemned has varied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: THE TEENAGE BRAIN", number:"null", id:"38029", path:"/courses/38029", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORECASTING METHODS MGMT", number:"null", id:"43544", path:"/courses/43544", description:"This course provides an introduction to the wide range of techniques available for statistical forecasting. Qualitative techniques, smoothing and decomposition of time series, regression, adaptive methods, autoregressive-moving average modeling, and ARCH and GARCH formulations will be surveyed. The emphasis will be on applications, rather than technical foundations and derivations. The techniques will be studied critically, with examination of their usefulness and limitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS OF SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44749", path:"/courses/44749", description:"What counts as a scientific theory? What counts as evidence for a scientific theory? Are scientific inferences justified? Does science give us truths or approximate truths about a world that exists independently of us? How can we know? Does it matter? These are all perennial questions in the philosophy of science, and the goal of this course is to look at how philosophers have answered these questions since the scientific revolution. In addition to reading classic work by philosophers of science, we will read material from living and dead scientists in order to gain a deeper appreciation of the philosophical questions that have troubled the most brilliant scientists in Western science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35788", path:"/courses/35788", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisins on raising equity capital. We will address different phases of a comany's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 383 is a half semester course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISKY BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"40149", path:"/courses/40149", description:"This freshman seminar on medical decision-making will focus on personal and public medical and health decisions - how we make them and how they can be improved. While in theory medical decisions are in large part both informed and constrained by scientific evidence, in reality they are much more complex. Drawing upon a range of information sources including textbooks, original research and popular media, the seminar will introduce students to the challenges of making personal and public (i.e., policy) decisions under conditions of inherent uncertainty and resources constraints and how research and scholarship can inform and improve decision making processes and decisions. Using a variety of highly engaging approaches (in-class discussions, examination of primary research, popular media, simple experiments, expert panel debates) this highly interactive seminar will provide students a strong introductory foundation to medical decision making specifically and, by extension to decision making under conditions of uncertainty more generally. The seminar will take a multi-disciplinary perspective, drawing upon knowledge developed from psychology, scoiology, economics, insurance and risk management, statistical inference, neuroscience, operations research, communications, law, ethics and political science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMICROFLUIDICS", number:"null", id:"36793", path:"/courses/36793", description:"The focus of this course is on microfluidics for biomedical applications. Topics to be covered in the first half of this course include microscale phenomena, small-scale fabrication techniques, and sensing technologies that are often leveraged in the development of microfluidic systems for the study of biomolecules, cells, tissues, and organs in living biological systems. In the second half of this course, strong emphasis will be placed on the application of microfluidics in cell biology, bioanalytical chemistry, molecular biology, tissue engineering, and drug discovery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"43403", path:"/courses/43403", description:"This course will examine the theoretical, historical and political foundations of contemporary human rights debates. The course will cover not only broad conceptual issues, but also specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights, business and human rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge and diffuse in the international arena. The course is open to students in the Master of Liberal Arts Program, as well as students who are actively pursuing the Graduate Certificate in Interdisciplinary Studies in Global Human Rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SYNTHESIS AND SPECTROSCOPY LAB.", number:"null", id:"41088", path:"/courses/41088", description:"Advanced laboratory work on the synthesis, structure, and properties of organic and inorganic compounds. Infrared, ultraviolet, and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Lectures cover the theoretical basis and applications of modern spectroscopic methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC MGMT&STRAT", number:"null", id:"40090", path:"/courses/40090", description:"This course presents an overview of the business of health and how a variety of health care organizations have gained, sustained, and lost competitive advantage amidst intense competition, widespread regulation, high interdependence, and massive technological, economic, social and political changes. Specifically, we evaluate the challenges facing health care organizations using competitive analysis, identify their past responses, and explore the current strategies they are using to manage these challenges (and emerging ones) more effectively. Students will develop generalized skills in competitive analysis and the ability to apply those skills in the specialized analysis of opportunities in producer (e.g. biopharmaceutical, medical product, information technology), purchaser (e.g. insurance), and provider (e.g. hospitals, nursing homes, physician) organizations and industry sectors. The course is organized around a number of readings, cases, presentations, and a required project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"36135", path:"/courses/36135", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO AMER POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40574", path:"/courses/40574", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the national institutions and political processes of American government. What are the historical and philosophical foundations of the American Republic? How does American public policy get made, who makes it, and who benefits? Is a constitutional fabric woven in 1787 good enough for today? How, if at all, should American government be changed, and why? What is politics and why bother to study it? If these sorts of questions interest you, then this course will be a congenial home. It is designed to explore such questions while teaching students the basics of American politics and government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS LITERARY THEORY: MARX AND MARXISMS", number:"null", id:"44089", path:"/courses/44089", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary theory intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DON QUIJOTE THEN AND NOW", number:"null", id:"42159", path:"/courses/42159", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISIONS ROME/ART-LIT-CIN", number:"null", id:"35530", path:"/courses/35530", description:"Artists, writers, and filmmakers have been drawn to and repelled by the intense experiences offered to them by the city of Rome. This course surveys the cultural record of those experiences in various media from antiquity to the present. We will consider the city as a center of culture, a den of iniquity, a religious sanctuary, and a political capital as depicted in the works of (among others) Cicero, Fellini, Goethe, Piranesi, Montaigne, Kubrick, Juvenal, Byron, Luther, and Freud.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOFABR & NANOCHARACTER", number:"null", id:"42756", path:"/courses/42756", description:"This course is intended for first year graduate students interested in the experimental practice of nanotechnology. In the context of a hands-on laboratory experience, students will gain familiarity with both top-down and bottom-up fabrication and characterization technologies. This will be achieved through the realization of a variety of micro- and nanoscale structures and devices that can exhibit either classical or quantum effects at the small scale. Although concepts relevant to the laboratories will be emphasized in lecture, it is expected that students will already have been exposed to many of the underlying theoretical concepts of nanotechnology in previous courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO QUEER STUDIES: Introduction to Queer Studies", number:"null", id:"35879", path:"/courses/35879", description:"This course will examine major ideas in the field of queer studies. Relying upon theoretical, historical, and cultural studies texts, we will consider the representation and constructions of sexuality-based identities as they have been formed within the contemporary United States. We will explore the idea of sexuality as a category of social identity, probing the identities of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender to try and understand what they really mean in various cultural, social, and political milieus. In doing so, we will ask: What does it mean to study queerness? What do we mean by 'queer studies'? How do institutions - religious, legal, scientific - shape our understandings of queer identities? In what ways do sexuality and gender interact, and how does this interaction inform the meanings of each of these identity categories? How do other social categories of identification - race, ethnicity, class, etc. - affect the ways in which we understand expressions of queerness? What does studying queerness tell us about the workings of contemporary political, cultural, and social life? What is normal and who/what is it that defines and controls normalcy?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF ISLAM IN ASIA", number:"null", id:"40639", path:"/courses/40639", description:"This class looks at the history of Islam across South Asia, East Asia, and Southeast Asia with a focus on the last three centuries. Contrary to the popular perception that the Middle East defines Islam, Asia has been the source of some of Islams most important social and reform movements. Students will contrast different Muslim societies over the last three centuries, examine points of confluence for geographically- or culturally-distinct Muslim peoples, and in their writing assignments focus on the history of one society in a wider Islamic context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF YOUNG AND MIDDLE AGED ADULTS", number:"null", id:"37636", path:"/courses/37636", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of young and middle aged adults who experience functional status impairments as a result of serious illness or injury. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern, including risk factors for illness or injury, strategies to overcome barriers and support personal health resources, alleviate suffering and reduce the impact of illness or injury on the functioning of the person. Content and clinical experiences integrate developmental and role issues; policy, cultural and ethical considerations. Clinical experiences in acute care hospital units and simulation experiences provide opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECHANICS LAB", number:"null", id:"37488", path:"/courses/37488", description:"This half-credit laboratory class is a companion to the Introduction to Mechanics lecture course (MEAM 110). It investigates the concepts of Newtonian (classical) mechanics through weekly hands-on experiments, emphasizing connections between theoretical principles and practical applications in engineering. In addition to furthering their understanding about the workings of the physical world, students will improve their skills at conducting experiments, obtaining reliable data, presenting numerical results, and extracting meaningful information from such numbers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO FORMAL LING", number:"null", id:"37436", path:"/courses/37436", description:"This course is intended as an introduction to the application of formal language theory, automata theory, and other computational models to the understanding of natural human language. Topics include regular languages and finite state automata; context-free languages and pushdown automata; recursive transition networks; augmented transition networks; tree-adjoining grammars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP: MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"35895", path:"/courses/35895", description:"There are three ASP Seminars: HCMG 890-001 Management of Health Care Service Businesses; HCMG 890-002 Medical Devices; HCMG 890-003 Health Business and Policy", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SITUATING THE PRACTICE OF NURSING", number:"null", id:"36213", path:"/courses/36213", description:"This course emphasizes not only how nursing is practiced, but also where it is practiced. The course further explores the four core themes of engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice as it provides guided observational experiences in a wide variety of settings. These experiences help the student to discover what is not known and what is subsequently necessary to know. These experiences also explore the place of the natural and social sciences and the arts and humanities in nursing practice. This course also will highlight the relationships between and among members of the interprofessional team and families and patients. NURS 102 fosters development of the professional role and sets the stage for life-long learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ARTH: SAMPLE, REMIX, MASH-UP", number:"null", id:"36641", path:"/courses/36641", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Art History, the study of the history and development of the visual arts. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"43252", path:"/courses/43252", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice. Please note, the online version of this course has a synchronous component (live online class sessions). The day/time will be listed in the course register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GETTING CRUSADED", number:"null", id:"40394", path:"/courses/40394", description:"What did it feel like to get crusaded? In this course, we will examine the roughly two-century period from the call of the First Crusade in 1095 to the final expulsion of Latin Crusaders from the Middle East in 1291. Our examination will be primarily from the perspective of the invaded, rather than the invaders, as is usually done. How did the Muslims, Jews, and Eastern Christians of the medieval Middle East respond to the presence of Frankish invaders from Europe?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"37513", path:"/courses/37513", description:"MGMT 230 integrates the material introduced in business fundamental courses and applies it to the design and evaluation of new ventures. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth and to foster innovation and new business formations in independent and corporate settings. The course addresses both a theoretical perspective on venture initiation and the application of writing an actual business plan. 

In this course you are asked to get out of the habit of being a receiver of ideas, facts, concepts and techniques, and get into the habit of generating ideas, identifying problems, analyzing and evaluation alternatives, and formulating workable action plans, thus putting textbook knowledge into practice. Students will get this hands-on experience in the following ways: Through the formation and ongoing work of venture teams that will design a comprehensive business development plan for a particular start-up company. Teams are expected to utilize the tools and analytical approaches discussed in class to their venture. Through lectures and class discussions that are designed to familiarize students with the many dimensions of entrepreneurship and new venture initiation. Class format varies throughout the course: in some class sessions, there will be a lecture on specific topics; other sessions wil consist of case discussions of a particular topic or a discussion of the business concepts that students are developing; guest speakers also lead and participate in some class sessions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POWER, POLITICS & ARTS FROM FRENCH REVOLUTION TO REVOLUTION OF 1848", number:"null", id:"44320", path:"/courses/44320", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIME & MOVEMENT: MOVEMENT FOR THE ACTOR", number:"null", id:"36589", path:"/courses/36589", description:"The study of the art of bodily expression throughout history in theory and practice, from Classical and Oriental, African and Latin forms of dance and movement theater to the contemporary dance and theater, including mime, modern dance, post modern dance, physical theater, film, and performance art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE MARATHI I", number:"null", id:"42110", path:"/courses/42110", description:"Intermediate Marathi builds up upon the Beginning Level of Marathi. Gaining ability to speak about past and future is the most important skill in the intermediate course. Students learn the grammar, vocabulary, sentence structures to narrate and write in simple language about their experiences, short anecdotes, their observations and opinions and future plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"36359", path:"/courses/36359", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY HUNGARIAN I", number:"null", id:"39844", path:"/courses/39844", description:"An introduction to the fundamentals of the Hungarian language, acquisition of conversational, readings and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36873", path:"/courses/36873", description:"An introductory survey of the bonding, structure, and reactions of important metal and nonmetal compounds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"38883", path:"/courses/38883", description:"Syllabus for MATH 360-361: a study of the foundations of the differential and integral calculus, including the real numbers and elementary topology, continuous and differentiable functions, uniform convergence of series of functions, and inverse and implicit function theorems. MATH 508-509 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"39995", path:"/courses/39995", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the framework and evolution of U.S. capital markets, the instruments that are traded, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, and the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will highlight the problems that capital market participants are seeking to solve, which you can use in your post-Wharton careers to evaluate future market innovations. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. We will draw from events in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis, which illustrate financing innovations and associated risks, as well as policy responses that can change the nature of these markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ROBOTICS", number:"null", id:"40292", path:"/courses/40292", description:"The rapidly evolving field of robotics includes systems designed to replace, assist, or even entertain humans in a wide variety of tasks. Recent examples include human-friendly robot arms for manufacturing, interactive robotic pets, medical and surgical assistive robots, and semi-autonomous search-and-rescue vehicles. This course presents the fundamental kinematic, dynamic, and computational principles underlying most modern robotic systems. The main topics of the course include: rotation matrices, homogeneous transformations, manipulator forward kinematics, manipulator inverse kinematics, jacobians, path and trajectory planning, sensing and actuation, feedback control, haptic interfaces, and teleoperation. The material is reinforced with hands-on lab exercises involving a robotic arm and a haptic interface.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"45247", path:"/courses/45247", description:"Supervised advanced psychiatric mental health nursing practice with children, adolescents and their families, or adults and/or older adults and their families in a variety of settings, depending on the subspecialty option selected. Outcome evaluation, termination and professional role development. A minimum of 16 hours of practice and 3 hours of small group supervision is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"39141", path:"/courses/39141", description:"Philosophers ask difficult questions about the most basic issues in human life. Does God exist? What is real? What can we know about the world? What does it mean to have a mind? Do I have free will? What should I do? How should we live together? Do our lives have meaning? This course is an introduction to some of these questions and to the methods philosophers have developed for thinking clearly about them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"37926", path:"/courses/37926", description:"Spanish 130 is a first-semester intermediate-level language course that emphasizes the development of the four basic skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking skills) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in meaningful contexts. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense, and the development of writing skills at a paragraph level with transitions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"37587", path:"/courses/37587", description:"Instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF BIOL FABRICATION", number:"null", id:"35360", path:"/courses/35360", description:"BE 558 introduces methodological approaches that are currently used for the de novo construction of biological molecules - primarily, nucleic acids and proteins - and how to use these molecules to engineer the properties of cells and intact tissue. By the end of the semester, students should (i) possess a molecular-scale understanding of key biological synthesis and assembly processes, (ii) gain an intuition for how to create novel methodologies based on these existing processes, and (iii) appreciate the drivers of technology adoption. Course content will be placed in context of cutting edge applications in bioengineering and human health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING II", number:"null", id:"42275", path:"/courses/42275", description:"Covers liabilities and equities, especially long-term debt, convertible securities, equity issuance, dividends, share repurchases, employee stock options, pensions, leases, deferred tax, and derivative securities. Related topics covered include computation of diluted earnings per share, disclosure issues, earnings management, and basic financial statement analysis of cash flows.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER OPER SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"36926", path:"/courses/36926", description:"This course surveys methods and algorithms used in modern operating systems. Concurrent distributed operation is emphasized. The main topics covered are as follows: process synchronization; interprocess communication; concurrent/distributed programming languages; resource allocation and deadlock; virtual memory; protection and security; distributed operation; distributed data; performance evalaution.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO BASIS PSYCHIA DISORD", number:"null", id:"45104", path:"/courses/45104", description:"The contributions of basic sciences (neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neurochemistry, and neuropharmacology) to an understanding of behavior and behavioral disorders will be covered and important psychiatric disorders will be discussed, primarily from the viewpoint of their biological aspects. Emphasis will be placed on critical evaluation of research strategies and hypotheses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAVASCRIPT", number:"null", id:"43902", path:"/courses/43902", description:"This course provides an introduction to modern web development frameworks, techniques, and practices used to deliver robust client side applications on the web. The emphasis will be on developing JavaScript programs that run in the browser. Topics covered include the JavaScript language, web browser internals, the Document Object Model (DOM), HTML5, client-side app architecture and compile-to-JS languages like (Coffeescript, TypeScript, etc.). This course is most useful for students who have some programming and web development experience and want to develop moderate JavaScript skills to be able to build complex, interactive applications in the browser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH & INNOV STRATEGY: Technology and Innovation Strategy", number:"null", id:"41724", path:"/courses/41724", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of bothestablished and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, andstudy the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"41678", path:"/courses/41678", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"43899", path:"/courses/43899", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHUG RESEARCH SCHOLARS: Wharton Research Scholars", number:"null", id:"40797", path:"/courses/40797", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JPNESE ARCH PENN MUSEUM", number:"null", id:"41223", path:"/courses/41223", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN SOCI: FAMILIES CUT ADRIFT", number:"null", id:"38038", path:"/courses/38038", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"41791", path:"/courses/41791", description:"Special instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance. They also must participate in a Music Department ensemble throughout the academic year, perform in public as a soloist at least once during the year (recital), perform a jury at the end of the spring semester, and attend and participate in masterclasses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"43070", path:"/courses/43070", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35453", path:"/courses/35453", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 011 The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC: FOUNDERS 14", number:"null", id:"40463", path:"/courses/40463", description:"This didactic and fieldwork course focuses on development of a systematic approach to advanced physical assessment, the use and interpretation of diagnostic technologies and development of diagnostic reasoning as it applies to patient management of the adult-older adult acutely ill or injured patient. Emphasis is placed on development of competence to perform a comprehensive history and physical examination, incorporating the analysis of biotechnological data trends. Building fundamental skills in developing differential diagnoses and clinical decision making for acutely ill patients across the adult age continuum is a focus of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY PORTUGUESE II", number:"null", id:"36375", path:"/courses/36375", description:"This class continues the development of a basic proficiency that will help reinforce the student's abilities and confidence. A broad range of lively, high-interest readings such as newspaper and magazine articles in current events on Brazilian culture will allow the student to gain a genuine sense of current usage. A Brazilian movie is presented and discussed in groups. Daily homework assignments involve writing exercises, short compositions and group projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44204", path:"/courses/44204", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, perfermance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND LAW", number:"null", id:"44860", path:"/courses/44860", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIFFERENTIAL GEOMETRY", number:"null", id:"44472", path:"/courses/44472", description:"The course moves from a study of extrinsic geometry (curves and surfaces in n-space) to the intrinsic geometry of manifolds. After a review of vector calculus and a section on tensor algebra, we study manifolds and their intrinsic geometry, including metrics, connections, geodesics, and the Riemann curvature tensor. Topics include Eulerian curvature and Euler's theorems, the Gauss map and first/second fundamental forms, the Theorema Egregium, minimal surfaces in n-space; other topics as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"37105", path:"/courses/37105", description:"This course covers the topics in probability and statistics with an emphasize on the application of probability theories and statistical techniques to practical engineering problems. Mathematical derivations of theorems will be presented whenever it is necessary to illustrate the concepts involved, however.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICE FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE II", number:"null", id:"40473", path:"/courses/40473", description:"This course examines the evidence-based research to determine whether the procedures and techniques performed by nurse anesthetists are supported by the literature. Population specific topics of concern to nurse anesthetists are discussed. Student led seminars will guide the classroom discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRECEPTORSHIP IN CLIN BE", number:"null", id:"42392", path:"/courses/42392", description:"Introduction to the integration of biomedical engineering in clinical medicine through lectures and a preceptorship with clinical faculty. This course is for BE majors ONLY, with preference given to BSE students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROBOTICS", number:"null", id:"43909", path:"/courses/43909", description:"This introductory course will present basic principles of robotics with an emphasis to computer science aspects. Algorithms for planning and perception will be studied and implemented on actual robots. While planning is a fundamental problem in artificial intelligence and decision making, robot planning refers to finding a path from A to B in the presence of obstacles and by complying with the kinematic constraints of the robot. Perception involves the estimation of the robots motion and path as well as the shape of the environment from sensors. In this course, algorithms will be implemented in Python on mobile platforms on ground and in the air. No prior experience with Python is needed but we require knowledge of data structures, linear algebra, and basic probability.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIVE AMERICAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"43442", path:"/courses/43442", description:"From oral traditions to Youtube videos of Native American hip hop, this course surveys the diverse body of Native American literature through its many transformations across the centuries. The course will focus primarily on contemporary Native American literature, an era known as the Native American Renaissance. We will read literary works by Black Elk, Leslie Marmon Silko, Sherman Alexie, N. Scott Momaday, and others. The course will also include films such as Smoke Signals and Whale Rider.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METHOD FOR LINGUISTS", number:"null", id:"37440", path:"/courses/37440", description:"Controlled experiments are a key element of empirical research, and they play an increasingly important role in the study of language and communication. This course will be divided into two halves. In the first half, students will be introduced to the fundamentals of how to conduct an experiment, along with a basic introduction to statistical methods. The emphasis will be on understanding the basic logic of experimental design, but special lectures will focus on the application of particular methods to the study of language. In the second half, classes will become more like lab meetings as students develop their own experimental projects from the ground up. At the end of the semester they will write up these projects as papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM IN RESIDENCE: FILM CULTURE IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"36905", path:"/courses/36905", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEAM LAB I", number:"null", id:"43097", path:"/courses/43097", description:"This is the second of a two-semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. The spring semester course follows closely with MEAM 203 and MEAM 211, expanding upon the principles of experimentation, measurement, analysis, and design of systems through hands-on laboratories and projects in thermodynamics and dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAD PROSEMINAR IN MATH", number:"null", id:"38891", path:"/courses/38891", description:"This course focuses on problems from Algebra (especially linear algebra and multilinear algebra) and Analysis (especially multivariable calculus through vector fields, multiple integrals and Stokes theorem). The material is presented through student solving of problems. In addition there will be a selection of advanced topics which will be accessible via this material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY, MEMORY, CULTURE", number:"null", id:"41458", path:"/courses/41458", description:"This course explores the history of the dark years of the French collaboration with Nazi Germany during WWII. In the first part, it examines the rise of the myths of an 'eternal France' and the 'true French' promoted by Marechal Petain's National Revolution, as well as the myth of the resistance fighters that arose after the Liberation. The Holocaust adn the holes left in national memory will hold a pivotal place in our reading of the national narrative. The second part of the course is dedicated to the study of literary works written by post-memory writers or survivors of the Holocaust who tried to fill in the blanks and confronted the linguistic challenge posed by Auschwitz. Paris will play a connecting role, as both witness to history and as tangible trace of the forgotten. This study of French history, its silences and (non-) memory will shed light on the legacy of the Occupation for contemporary France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOMELAND SECURITY", number:"null", id:"41597", path:"/courses/41597", description:"Topics in International Relations focuses on specialized issues, practical or applied approaches, policy and other topics of contemporary relevance in modern study of international relations. These are experimental or occasionally offered classes. Past topics of included US Foreign Policy and the Arab Spring, the Iraq Wars, Secret Intelligence & American Democracy, Counterintelligence, Homeland Security, the US & South Asia Cold War and New Alignments, and Think Tanks and Global Governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"37932", path:"/courses/37932", description:"Spanish for Business I provides advanced-level language students with technical vocabulary and communicative skills covering business concepts as they apply to the corporate dynamics of the Spanish-speaking world, with a special emphasis on Latin America. Through readings, presentations, discussions, and video materials, we shall analyze those cultural aspects that characterize the business environment in the region as well as focus on economies and markets in light of their history, politics, resources and pressing international concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"42551", path:"/courses/42551", description:"Review of regular and context-free languages and machine models. Turing machines and RAM models, Decidability, Halting problem, Reductions, Recursively enumerable sets, Universal TMs, Church/Turing thesis. Time and space complexity, hierarchy theorems, the complexity classes P, NP, PSPACE, L, NL, and co-NL. Reductions revisited, Cook-Levin Theorem, completeness, NL = co-NL. Advanced topics as time permits: Circuit complexity and parallel computation, randomized complexity, approximability, interaction and cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HUMAN EVOLUTION: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40919", path:"/courses/40919", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM", number:"null", id:"44218", path:"/courses/44218", description:"The aim of the course is to provide an introduction to shareholder activism. The course makes use of lectures and case studies. The lectures expose the students to the institutional and empirical facts as well as approaches followed by leading shareholder activists. The case studies are designed to provide students an experience on identifying potential opportunity for value creation thrugh active engagement. Assignments require students to develop/practice skills on fundamental analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"42526", path:"/courses/42526", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIO FRQ INT. CIRC. DES", number:"null", id:"38539", path:"/courses/38539", description:"Introduction to RF (Radio Frequency) and Microwave Theory, Components, and Systems. The course aims at providing knowledge in RF transceiver design at both microwave and millimeter-wate frequencies. Both system and circuit level perspective will be addressed, supported by modeling and simulation using professinal tools (including Agilent ADS, Sonnet, and Cadence Design Systems). Topics include: Transmission Line Theory, S-parameters, Smith Chart for matching network design, stability, noise, and mixed signal design. RF devices covred will include: hybrid/Wilkinson/Lange 3dB couplers, Small Signal Amplifiers (SSA), Low Noise Amps (LNA), and Power Amps (PA). CMOS technoogy will be largely used to design the devices mentioned.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANAL METH ECON, LAW MED", number:"null", id:"36056", path:"/courses/36056", description:"Elementary applications of decision analysis, game theory, probability and statistics to issues in accounting, contracting, finance, law, and medicine, amongst others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONUMENT LAB: PUBLIC ART & CIVIC RESEARCH PRAXIS", number:"null", id:"41406", path:"/courses/41406", description:"What is an appropriate monument for the current city of Philadelphia? This question is the central prompt for Fall 2017 citywide public art and history project, as well as a specifically designed community-based and engaged research course in Fine Arts. Students in Monument Lab: Public Art & Civic Research Praxis will participate as members of specialized research teams, in partnership with local high school research fellows, embedded in iconic public squares, West Philadelphia sites, and neighborhood parks around the city; serve as trained art guides to facilitate learning around over twenty temporary monument installations by internationally and locally-based artists; collect research proposals as a form of creative datasets managed by Penn's PriceLab and Library; and engage civic partners and public audiences around key issues of the project, including issues of race, gender, sexuality, class, social justice, and civic belonging. The class is structured as a socially-engaged art praxis experience: students will meet weekly for group facilitations, civic dialogues, and special guest lectures by participating artists. In lieu of midterms and a final exam, students will work at research 'labs' throughout the city for a set amount of hours per week, write reflection papers, and producea final site specific research portfolio.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPLEX HEALTHCARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"37653", path:"/courses/37653", description:"This two-part course provides the didactic and clinical experiences in increasingly complex nursing care situations and environments which facilitate the students' transition to independent practice. In the lecture component, the focus is on the integration of knowledge and skill for nursing practice and develops the ability of students to see nursing practice as part of a complex system. It examines systems thinking and complexity, development of a leadership role and skills, inter-professional communication and teamwork, and leading change in healthcare organizations. This course also examines the nurse's role in improvement science and patient care delivery, focusing on quality improvement processes, patient safety, nurse sensitive process and outcome metrics with micro-systems. This course also allows students to develop the capacity for clinical expertise, leadership, and for translating the science of the profession into practice. Students also are assigned to a seminar component that is correlated with their selected site for the specialty clinical practicum. This aspect of the course allows the student to develop additional expertise in a specialty area of practice and to develop competences specific to that population of patients. 

These seminar components are adult health and illness; adult critical care, obstetrics/labor & delivery, psychiatric/mental health, and pediatrics. Advanced simulation experiences and extensive clinical practice in an area of the students' choice provide multiple opportunities to synthesize the multidimensional aspects of nursing, and provide the environment which facilitates transition to professional nursing practice. Students select from a variety of settings in which to refine their practice skills. Principles of leadership, accountability and change will be applied to clinical practice as the student begins to operationalize the professional nursing role. Emphasis is placed on the nurse as a knowledgeable provider of health care who is both a change agent and advocate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"44490", path:"/courses/44490", description:"Three-Dimensional Geometry: Introduction to Reference Frames, Geometry of Rotations of Reference Frames and of Vectors, Euler Angle, Axis-Angle Representations, Properties of Rotation Matrices. Kinematics: Kinematics of Rigid-Body Motion, Rotations, Angular Velocity and Acceleration, Linear Velocity and Acceleration, Applications to Planar Linkage Analysis. Constraints: Configuration Space, Holonomic and Non-holonomic Constraints, Degrees of Freedom, Tests for Holonomic versus Non-holonomic Constraints, Generalized Coordinates, Generalized Speeds, Partial Speeds, Partial Velocities, Principle of Virtual Work for Holonomic and Non-holonomic systems. Constraint Forces: Virtual Work, D'Alembert Equations, Lagrange's Equations for Non-holonomic systems. Distribution of Mass: Center-of-Mass, Vector and Scalar Moments of Inertia. Vector Spaces: Operators, Dyads, Dyadic, Moment-of-Inertia Tensor, Rigid Bodies. Dynamics: Kinetic Energy and Angular Momentum, Lagrangian/Hamiltonian Mechanics and Conservation Laws, Poisson Brackets and Constants of the Motion, Kane-Lagrange Equations with Non-Holonomic Constraints, Kane-Lagrange Equations, Null Spaces and Computing Constraint Forces. Variational Calculus: The Principle of Least Action, A Study of Small Perturbations and Linear Stability Analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUILDING HUMAN ASSETS", number:"null", id:"44533", path:"/courses/44533", description:"The success of entrepreneurial endeavors depends, even more so than in larger more bureaucratic organizations, on the ability to locate and manage talent effectively. Specifically, on the need to find the right people and keep them engaged in working on the organization's goals. We focus in this course on leading, building, and maintaining human assets in start-up and small, growing operations. The course is designed with several key components, these are: conceptual and practical readings relevant to the topic; case studies illustratng key concepts and issues; lecture on practical application and examples; and lastly every class will also feature a presentation by and conversation with an outside expert whose work is relevant to guiding or advising start-ups and fast-growing small firms. We will focus on the following objectives: identifying the talent needed to initiate and sustain an entrepreneurial endeavor; structuring human resource policies and corporate culture to prepare for and facilitate firm growth; assessing the human aspects of valuing entrepreneurial companies; and responding to conflict and organizational threats within nascent firms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POLIT THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"43383", path:"/courses/43383", description:"Whether America begins with the Puritans and the Mayflower Compact, or with the Declaration of Independence and the Revolution, it is founded in resistance to empire. In the generations between, Americans have desired, dreaded and debated empire. This course will focus on empire and imperialism in American political thought. We will read primary texts addressing empire: from the departure and dissent of the Puritans, and Burke's Speech on Conciliation with the Colonies, to twentieth and twenty-first century debates over America's role in the world. These texts will include political pamphlets and speeches, poetry, novels, policy papers and film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"43881", path:"/courses/43881", description:"Chin 361 will help students improving their language skills, and enlarge vocabulary through reading online news on Chinese internet. The students will learn formal vocabulary and enhance their grammatical accuracy in the semester. Students are encouraged to explore Chinese government and company websites and Baidu Baike, so to conduct their own online search for both professional and academic purposes. Linguistic features in news headlines, accuracy of online translation tools, media censorship, social media usage will also be discussed in this class. The course goal is to help students gain Chinese media literacy by reading, browsing, and viewing online materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING PUBLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"44163", path:"/courses/44163", description:"This course introduces students to independent publishing and artists' publications through print methods in letterpress, Risograph, and Xerox. The class will focus on the self-published artists' zine/book as an affordable, accessible, and easily reproducible format for exploring ideas, disseminating artists' work, and collaborating across disciplines. Students will learn a range of skills, including techniques in both mechanized and hand-pulled forms of printed media (Risograph, copy machine, Vandercook letterpress); short- run editions and binding; design and layout; pre-press and print production; and the web as it relates to and supports independent and democratic modes of distribution. Students will learn about and become acquainted with some of the most significant independent publishers working today and throughout history. Students will leave class having completed three individual projects: a 16-page booklet/zine; a carefully considered online publication, and a final collaborative book designed, developed and published as a class. The course commences with a field trip to New York City's Printed Matter, one of the oldest and most important nonprofit facilities dedicated to the promotion of artists' books, where students will be encouraged to submit a publication by semester's end.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Embodied Writing: A Writing Workshop", number:"null", id:"37095", path:"/courses/37095", description:"See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"41447", path:"/courses/41447", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAS PRIN NURSANESTHES1: Basic Principles of Nurse Anesthesia Practice I", number:"null", id:"40451", path:"/courses/40451", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"39830", path:"/courses/39830", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECHANICS OF SOLIDS", number:"null", id:"37494", path:"/courses/37494", description:"This course builds on the fundamentals of solid mechanics taught in MEAM 210 and addresses more advanced problems in strength of materials. The students will be exposed to a wide array of applications from traditional engineering disciplines as well as emerging areas such as biotechnology and nanotechnology. The methods of analysis developed in this course will form the cornerstone of machine design and also more advanced topics in the mechanics of materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"38803", path:"/courses/38803", description:"Textbooks: Yookoso I (Chapt. 4 - Chapt. 7) and Basic Kanji Book I (L.5 - L.10) Kanji: reproduction-approx. 110/recognitio-approx.200", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE AND CRIME", number:"null", id:"38383", path:"/courses/38383", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CULTURE OF BIRTH", number:"null", id:"39048", path:"/courses/39048", description:"This course will explore the cultural context of birth and the activities of women and professionals and/or attendants in meeting the health care needs of pregnant women. The history of caring for women at birth, international health care, cultural mores/societal values, place of birth, psychosocial factors, ethical decision-making and the role of technology are content areas that will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK LITERARY HISTORY", number:"null", id:"37259", path:"/courses/37259", description:"We survey an extensive range of readings in a variety of authors in both prose and poetry and consider the problems and opportunities for composing a literary history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF MIND: Artificial Intelligence", number:"null", id:"40540", path:"/courses/40540", description:"This course studies particular topics in contemporary philosophy of mind and cognitive science. Examples include: the nature of consciousness, naturalistic accounts of intentionality, the nature scope of scientific explanation in studying the mind, the intersection of philosophy of mind and epistemology, and theories of agency. Typically, readings include both philosophy and empirical work from relevant sciences. Prerequisites: This course will be most suitable for advanced undergraduates and graduate students in philosophy or related sciences; others need instructor's permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROMANTIC PERIOD: ROMANTIC PERIOD", number:"null", id:"38441", path:"/courses/38441", description:"This course offers an introduction to the literature of the Romantic period (ca. 1770-1830). Some versions of this course will incorporate European romantic writers, while others will focus exclusively on Anglo-American romanticism, and survey authors such as Austen, Blake, Brockden Brown, Byron, Coleridge, Emerson, Irving, Keats, Radcliffe, Scott, Shelley, and Wordsworth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC. OF MEDIA & POP CULT: Sociology of Media and Popular Culture", number:"null", id:"39323", path:"/courses/39323", description:"This course relies on a variety of sociological perspectives to examine the role of media and popular culture in society, with a particular emphasis on the power of the mass media industry, the relationship between cultural consumption and status, and the social organization of leisure activities from sports to shopping. Specific course topics include the branding of Starbucks, the rising importance of aesthetics and style in everyday life, and how young people use social media in the digital age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OTHER REASONS:POST COL", number:"null", id:"42979", path:"/courses/42979", description:"This course seeks to destabilize a monolithic vision of science as a singular, homogenous body of knowledge by revisiting its plural, heterogeneous histories. This course is particularly interested in exploring the historical entanglements between the sciences and the enchanted world of intangible entities such as spirits, ghosts and gods. The course will look at the theoretical critiques of 'Enlightenment Rationality' and 'Science' in post colonial theory; at a detailed and loosely chronological examination of the multifaceted entanglements of science and technology with the paranormal in the 19th and 20th centuries; and at the performative aspects of scientific rationality in colonial and postcolonial contexts in a bid to understand the background that led to postcolonial theorization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF LAW", number:"null", id:"44751", path:"/courses/44751", description:"This course is an introduction to some of the central philosophical problems of law: What is law? What makes law? What is the relationship between law and morality? Can laws be unjust? Is there a moral obligation to obey the law? We will look at different theories of law, such as positivism and natural law theory, and discuss topics like civil disobedience, liberty and the law, and punishment and the law.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"37160", path:"/courses/37160", description:"Painting practices is an introduction to the methods and materials of oil painting. This course begins with an investigation of color and color relationships. The beginning of the semester will cover technical issues and develop the student's ability to create a convincing sense of form in space using mass, color, light and composition. The majority of work is from direct observation including object study, still life, landscape, interior and exterior space and the self portrait. Class problems advance sequentially with attention paid to perceptual clarity, the selection and development of imagery, the process of synthesis and translation, color, structure and composition, content and personal expression. Students will become familiar with contemporary and art historical precedent in order to familiarize them with the history of visual ideas and find appropriate solutions to their painting problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE FAMILY", number:"null", id:"42119", path:"/courses/42119", description:"Most men and women get married during their lifetimes. In addition, most men and women become fathers and mothers at some point. This class presents social science evidence on the family. For example, it shows how 'greedy' workplaces, which require long work hours, create work-family conflicts for husbands and wives. The class also illuminates how men and women have different experiences within families. The lectures will also examine how economic inequality shapes family life. Students will have the opportunity to apply key concepts to daily life. All are welcome.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRESHWATER ECOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43824", path:"/courses/43824", description:"Survey of the physical, chemical and biological properties of freshwater ecosystems, both riverine and lentic, natural and polluted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIRE AND DEMAND", number:"null", id:"35277", path:"/courses/35277", description:"Does consumption shape culture or does culture shape consumption? As even the most mundane purchase becomes socially symbolic and culturally meaningful we can persuasively argue that the concept of 'need' has been transformed. Analyzing a variety of physical and virtual consumer venues, the goal of this seminar is to understand and to analyze historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. We investigate social and political-economic factors that impact when and how people purchase goods and argue that behavior attached to consumption includes a nexus of influences that may change periodically in response to external factors. Readings and research assignments are interdisciplinary and require a critical analysis of global/local linkages. The city of Philadelphia becomes the seminar's laboratory as we ask how have issues of culture, consumption, and global capitalism become intertwined around the world?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERNITY, COLONIALISM, AND RACE:  VIEWS FROM THE GLOBAL SOUTH", number:"null", id:"42710", path:"/courses/42710", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary theory intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"41181", path:"/courses/41181", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Postbac program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL RES.  IN NEURO: Clinical Research in Neuroscience", number:"null", id:"35381", path:"/courses/35381", description:"This is an introduction to evidence-based clinical research in the neurosciences. It concentrates on the design and performance of clinical research, with emphasis on responsibility toward research subjects, data collection, analysis and medical writing. There are weekly, 90 minute lectures, supplemented by participation in an ongoing research project. Small teams of students will gather data, working closely with the clinical research staff in the Department of Neurosurgery. There are also periodic reviews of progress with faculty. At the end of the semester, each team will present its progress. Contribution to successful projects also may result in credit on ensuing publications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"42746", path:"/courses/42746", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the course will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMPIRICAL METH CORP FN", number:"null", id:"38630", path:"/courses/38630", description:"The course will cover a variety of microeconometic models and methods including panel data models, program evaluation methods [e.g. difference in differences, matching techniques, regression discontinuity design] instrumental variables, duration models, structural estimation [e.g. simulated methods of moments]. The structure of the course consists of lectures, student presentations, and empirical exercises. I will utilize published studies in a variety of fields such as corporate finance, labor economics, and industrial organization to illustrate the various techniques. The goal of the course is to provide students with a working knowledge of various econometric techniques that they can apply in their own research. As such, the emphasis of the course is on applications, not theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEEDFINDING", number:"null", id:"42991", path:"/courses/42991", description:"Needfinding is an approach that puts people and their needs at the center of product development and business strategy creation. Over 90% of new products introduced into the marketplace fail. A good portion of these failures are due to lack of understanding of end consumers and their needs. To develop truly successful new products, it's not enough just to ask people what they need or want. Designers and engineers need tools and techniques to get beyond what people can explicitly state and determine their implicit needs. Needfinding is an approach for developing deep insights that provide strategic direction for corporations and open up new possibilities for product development. In this class students will gain a toolset from which to develop their own approaches to conducting researching for design: learning how to think about other people, about culture, and about new perspectives. They will also learn tactical skills: how to define research questions, how to conduct observations and interviews, how to interpret results, how to synthesize them into fodder for design, and how to communicate their findings in a way that is compelling and actionable for designers, marketers, and business strategists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMERS,FIRMS & MARKET", number:"null", id:"43782", path:"/courses/43782", description:"Nearly four-fifths of the world's population lives in low income or developing countries. Though currently far behind the U.S., the 15 fastest growing economies/markets in the world are all developing countries. And developing countries already account for 6 of the world's 15 largest economies. This course will examine economic life, including consumers, firms and markets, in low income countries. We will apply both economic theory and empirical analysis for analyzing the roles of both business and government in consumption, production and market equilibria.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCALABLE & CLOUD COMP", number:"null", id:"40407", path:"/courses/40407", description:"What is the 'cloud'? How do we build software systems and components that scale to millions of users and petabytes of data, and are 'always available'? In the modern Internet, virtually all large Web services run atop multiple geographically distributed data centers: Google, Yahoo, Facebook, iTunes, Amazon, EBAY, Bing, etc. Services must scale across thousands of machines, tolerate failures, and support thousands of concurrent requests. Increasingly, the major providers (including Amazon, Google, Microsoft, HP, and IBM) are looking at 'hosting' third-party applications in their data centers - forming so-called 'cloud computing' services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW SOC POL SEX REPRO: Women, Gender, Sexuality and the Law", number:"null", id:"37279", path:"/courses/37279", description:"This course will examine how statutory law, court decisions and other forms of social policy encourage or discourage various forms of sexuality, reproduction and parenting. Such issues as contraception, abortion, gay and lesbian rights, reproductive technology, family violence, and welfare and family policies will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE III", number:"null", id:"40187", path:"/courses/40187", description:"Continuation of JPAN 012. Textbooks: Yookoso II (Do You Remember-Chapt. 3) and Basic Kanji Book I (L.11 - L.16) Kanji: reproduction-approx.170/recognitio-approx.250", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"37029", path:"/courses/37029", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO MICRO ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"44008", path:"/courses/44008", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. Theory of supply and demand, costs and revenues of the firm under perfect competition, monopoly and oligopoly, pricing of factors of production, income distribution, and theory of international trade. Econ 1 deals primarily with microeconomics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PROB & PUB POLICY: Social Problems & Public Policy", number:"null", id:"43483", path:"/courses/43483", description:"This course approaches some of today's important social and political issues from a sociological vantage point. The course begins by asking where social problems come from. The main sociological perspectives of Marx, Weber and Durkheim are developed in connection with the issues of inequality, social conflict and community. We then turn to the social construction of social problems by examining how various issues become defined as social problems. This involves a consideration of the role of the media, social experts and social movements. The last section of the course considers how social problems are addressed. Here we discuss the relative strengths and weaknesses of government programs and regulations versus market-based approached. We also discuss the role of philanthropy and volunteerism. Finally, we consider the risk of unanticipated consequences of reforms. Along the way, we will consider a variety of social issues and social problems, including poverty, immigration, crime, global warming, and education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOTECH & BIOCHEM ENG", number:"null", id:"41069", path:"/courses/41069", description:"An overview of biotechnology from a chemical engineering perspective: DNA, enzymes, proteins, molecular genetics, genetic engineering, cell growth kinetics, bioreactors, transport processes, protein recovery and protein separations. Group projects include a MATLAB kinetics project and a biotechnology company profile. Applications to current practices in biopharmaceuticals, biofuels, and bioremediation are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"38600", path:"/courses/38600", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"36296", path:"/courses/36296", description:"This course introduces basic concepts of operations management and application of the same in business practice today. We will examine the theoretical foundations of operations management and how these principles or models can be employed in both tactical and strategic decision making. Topics covered in detail are forecasting techniques, planning under deterministic and uncertain demand, operations planning and scheduling, queuing theory, service operations management, newsvendor models, risk pooling strategies in firms, capacity and revenue management, and supply chain coordination. We will conclude by discussing how supply chains evolve under technological change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC PROP OF MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"43165", path:"/courses/43165", description:"This course will introduce the physical principles underlying broad spectrum of electronic properties in the solid state. Starting with the band structure of solids, the course will give an overview of electronic, dielectric, magnetic, thermal and optical properties of materials. The treatment will use quantum mechanical and statistical mechanical concepts familiar to students at the undergraduate level. Commonly used theories and models will be introduced and their predictions will be compared with observations. Students who have taken MSE 221/MSE 260 and/or MSE 570/MSE 575 will benefit from this advanced introduction to material properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"38962", path:"/courses/38962", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT/MASS TRANSFER", number:"null", id:"36087", path:"/courses/36087", description:"This course covers fundamentals of heat and mass transfer and applications to practical problems in energy conversion and conservation. Emphasis will be on developing a physical and analytical understanding of conductive, convective, and radiative heat transfer, as well as design of heat exchangers and heat transfer with phase change. Topics covered will include: types of heat transfer processes, their relative importance, and the interactions between them, solutions of steady state and transient state conduction, emission and absorption of radiation by real surfaces and radiative transfer between surfaces, heat transfer by forced and natural convection owing to flow around bodies and through ducts, analytical solutions for some sample cases and applications of correlations for engineering problems. Students will develop an ability to apply governing principles and physical intuition to solve problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP SIMULATION MODELS", number:"null", id:"43303", path:"/courses/43303", description:"This course focuses on agent-based computational models in the social sciences, especially in economic, in commercial and in strategic (game-theoretic) contexts. This relatively recent and now rapidly-developing form of computer simulation seeks to explain and predict complex social phenomena 'from the ground up', through interactions of comparatively simple agents. The course reviews experimental and theoretical results, and exposes the students to modern development environments for this form of simulation. Students have the opportunity to design and implement agent-based simulations. Programming, however, is not required. This course aims to integrate various topics in agent-based simulation, while developing an appreciation of the problems that are particularly characteristic of this form of simulation so that students will understand its promise and potential.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"36063", path:"/courses/36063", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"36536", path:"/courses/36536", description:"Spanish 140, the continuation of Spanish 130, is a fourth-semester language course that offers students the opportunity to acquire communicative skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) while developing their awareness and appreciation of the Spanish-speaking world. Topics studied may include the environment, the arts, social relations, and conflict and violence.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING LIFE-THREATENING ILLNESS FROM A PALLIATIVE CARE PERSPECTIVE", number:"null", id:"44662", path:"/courses/44662", description:"This course uses an evidence-based approach towards systematic assessment and management of common symptoms and symptom clusters accompanying progressive, life-limiting illnesses within a framework of nationally recognized standards and guidelines for palliative and end-of-life care. Students are prepared to apply principles of palliative management to diverse patient populations across clinical settings including acute, primary, long-term, and community care. Refer to course syllabus or email course faculty for respective requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Making Meaning in Local, Global, and Historical Perspectives", number:"null", id:"39268", path:"/courses/39268", description:"This Freshman Seminar is part of the Residential Program of the same name at Fisher Hassenfeld College House. This year-long seminar (0.5 credit per semester) explores the ways in which people around the world make meaning in their lives and communities. We will survey religious, artistic, and philosophical traditions from around the world--drawing especially on the rich resources here in Philadelphia, with frequent field trips, films, and guest speakers. For more information see http://fh.house.upenn.edu/Making Meaning", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"40174", path:"/courses/40174", description:"This studio is structured for IPD students as an intensive, interdisciplinary exploration of Design as purposeful for Integrated Product Design. The goal of the studio is to give students a firsthand experience of various processes involved in creating successful integrated product designs.This first semester of the four-semester studio sequence focuses on giving students experience developing designs based on a range of starting points: form, function, materiality and manufacturing process. Students will practice design through rigorous, consistent processes for thinking through the evolution of their ideas. In this course, they will go through an entire design process from conceptualization to design to producing prototypes. They will be taught to focus on the specifics of their designs, causing them to be conscious of what drives their choices as designers and providing them with a wider range of tools to design from in successive projects. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, a mid-term presentation and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METEOROLOGY AND EARTH'S CLIMATE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"44250", path:"/courses/44250", description:"This course deals with the study of the two main parts of Earth's climate system, the atmosphere and the ocean. It explores, qualitatively and quantitatively,the physical laws, geological and geographical processes, and mass and energy budgets that govern these two parts and their combined influence on Earth's past and present climate. Main topics covered include, but not limited to, properties of air and water; physical balances; equilibrium states; transport of heat and mass; clouds; precipitation; storms; regional and global climate; ozone layer; seasons and climate; weather forecasting; atmospheric optics; ocean currents; ocean bathymetry, salinity, and atmospheric forcing; history of Earth's changing climate in the geologic record, global warming, and how climate impacts humans and how do humans impact climate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTS AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"37363", path:"/courses/37363", description:"Do classrooms' fluorescent lights give you headaches? Have you ever felt invigorated by a mountain's breeze? Have you ever sought to get a 'healthy' tan at the beach? Throughout history people have attributed their health -- good and bad-- to their physical surroundings. In this class we will explore how medical professionals, scientists and the general population have historically understood the ways in which the environment impacts different people, in different places, in different ways. We will interrogate medical theories that underpinned popular practices, like health tourism, public health campaigns, and colonial medical programs. We will also consider how people constructed and understood the physical environment, including farms and factories, cemeteries and cities, to be healthy or not. This course is designed to foster a collaborative atmosphere in which students will complete an original research paper through critical reading and step-wise assignments that will culminate in a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURAL HERITAGE, POLITICS, AND WAR IN THE MIDDLE EAST", number:"null", id:"36714", path:"/courses/36714", description:"Political upheaval in the Middle East has brought cultural heritage studies to the forefront. From playing a role in the making of national identity and economy of Middle Eastern countries to falling prey to armed conflicts, cultural heritage remains an important element of the political and social scene. This seminar will examine the relatedness of cultural heritage to questions of identity and politics in the Middle East, and the impact of recent wars on such heritage. The seminar will start by outlining the ancient and modern history of the Middle East, and reviewing the production of cultural heritage and its contemporary management in several Middle Eastern countries. It will then proceed to discuss the following major topics: 

1) Cultural diversity of modern Middle Eastern societies, the perception of cultural heritage in these societies, and the survival of long-living historical places, old traditions, and material culture of all kinds. 2) The influence of ancient cultures on common fixation and beliefs of modern identity in Middle Eastern societies (e.g. particular ethnic and religious group see themselves as direct descendents of one or a number of ancient groups such as Phoenicians, Israelites, Assyrians). 3) The use of archeological and historical data to create narratives of the past that promote specific political ideologies in the modern Middle East and, in some cases fabricate novel cultural and political realities. 4) The damage done to Cultural Heritage by recent wars in Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon, and (i) how these wars are/were the makers of a new time that disrupted the living past through the destruction of cultural landscapes; and (ii) the involvement of cultural heritage institutions and archaeologists in rescuing cultural heritage in the event of war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SECURITIES REGULATION", number:"null", id:"38832", path:"/courses/38832", description:"The course examines the federal securities laws and the operation of the Securities Exchange Commission. The legal responsibilities of corporate managers, accountants, underwriters, and broker-dealers, occasioned by the securities regulatory scheme, will be investigated. Students will be encouraged to evaluate, from a managerial perspective, the various aspects of securities regulation studied. The course will discuss the recent financial crisis and ask the question whether enhanced securities regulation will prevent such a crisis in the future. The material covered in the course will provide familiarity with the basic legal structure of securities regulation and will assist in understanding the current policy issues in securities law. The course should help students to develop the ability to read and learn further in the field and to improve their effectiveness of communication with attorneys. It will also suggest ways of detecting instances in which an attorney should be consulted. The course is particularly useful for those students pursuing careers in corporate finance, investment banking, mergers and acquisitions, sales and trading, venture capital, private equity, entrepreneurship, accounting, corporate management, and real estate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL&POW/POLICY MKG IN DC: PIW: CORE SEMINAR: CONDUCTING PUBLIC POLICY RESEARCH IN WASHINGTON", number:"null", id:"44828", path:"/courses/44828", description:"This seminar is taught in Washington D.C. for students enrolled in the Washington Semester Program. It includes an orientation to observation and research in the Washington Community and a major independent research project on the politics of governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"39543", path:"/courses/39543", description:"An introduction to the design of architecture in the city. Students explore the relationships between two- dimensional patterns and their corresponding three-dimensional interpretations through the orthographic drawings of plan, section, and elevation and three-dimensional digital and physical models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"44017", path:"/courses/44017", description:"This course introduces students to advanced study in econometrics, with an emphasis on methods used in microeconomic applications and in evaluating the effects of social interventions. The methods covered include methods for handling limited dependent variables (useful, for example, in forecasting the demand for a new good), maximum likelihood estimators, and flexible semiparametric and non parametric estimation methods, and randomized and nonexperimental methods of estimating treatment effects. Applications of econometrics to the field of program evaluation will also be studied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"38886", path:"/courses/38886", description:"Continuation of MATH 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SIGNAL & INF PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"35702", path:"/courses/35702", description:"Introduction to signal and information processing (SIP). In SIP we discern patterns in data and extract the patterns from noise. Foundations of deterministic SIP in the form of frequency domain analysis, sampling, and linear filtering. Random signals and the modifications of deterministic tools that are necessary to deal with them. Multidimensional SIP where the goal is to analyze signals that are indexed by more than one parameter. Includes a hands-on lab component that implements SIP as standalone applications on modern mobile platforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS LAW", number:"null", id:"37418", path:"/courses/37418", description:"This course focuses on the areas of association, contract, constitutional, labor, antitrust, and agency law as they apply to the sports industry. This course exposes the student to many of the legal issues facing stakeholders in sport organizations. Special attention is given to the regulation of professional sports leagues promoting competitive balance, as well as antitrust law and labor-management relations dealing with the organization structure of sports leagues. The course also takes an inside look at previous and newly formed collective bargaining agreements and the use of Salary Cap or lack thereof in professional sports leagues. The development of effective communication skills will be emphasized through class presentations, written assignments, and quizzes; leadership and interpersonal communications will be cultivated through small group projects and meetings, and critical thinking and problem solving skills will be fostered through the careful study of case law impacting the sports industry in a variety of facets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL APPRECIATION", number:"null", id:"39430", path:"/courses/39430", description:"Topics vary by semester in advanced level Urdu.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"39868", path:"/courses/39868", description:"This is a workshop for students who are interested in exploring a variety of approaches to poetry. Students will encounter a diverse series of readings, in-class writing activities, weekly writing assignments, and creative methods for heightening your abilities as a reader and writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCE ECONOMETRICS: TIME SERIES ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"37032", path:"/courses/37032", description:"This course provides a comprehensive introduction to forecasting in economics and business. Topics covered include statistical graphics, trends, seasonality, cycles, forecast construction, forecast evaluation and forecast combination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUS REL & HUM RES MGMT", number:"null", id:"44498", path:"/courses/44498", description:"This undergraduate core course introduces students to a combination of basic concepts and timely topics around work and employment. As such, it is divided into two main sections and two quarters within each of those. The first main section deals with micro-level work issues, while the second main section deals with macro-level work issues. Within each of those sections, the first quarter focuses on basic concepts, while the quarter section deals with more applied topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"39949", path:"/courses/39949", description:"Organization and design of physical computational systems, basic building block for computations, understanding and exploiting structure in computational problems, design space, costs, and tradeoffs in computer organization, common machine abstractions, and implementation/optimization techniques. The course will develop fundamental issues and tradeoffs which define computer organizational and architectural styles including RISC, VLIW, Super Scalar, EPIC, SIMD, Vector, MIMD, reconfigurable FPGA, PIM, and SoC. Basic topics in the design of computational units, instruction organization, memory systems, control and data flow, and interconnect will also be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ancient and Modern Constitution Making", number:"null", id:"43938", path:"/courses/43938", description:"Constitution making reemerged as an urgent issue in the Twentieth Century with the transformation of colonial empires after World War II and the collapse of the Soviet empire near the end of the century. Constitution making issues madethemselves felt also in the constitutionally more mature locations. Even in the British Isles, for example, nationalist movements prompted new constitutional arrangements. And in the Twenty-First Century, as competition for control of Central Asia, the Middle East, and Northern Africa has reintensified, the written constitution has been hailed by some as the vehicle for changing long established cultures. The most striking feature of constitution making in the last two centuries may be its uneven success when itcomes to reducing political conflict and in reforming if not improving customs, character, habits, and actions. What might explain this uneven success? Is an explanation to be found by going back to what appear to be the roots of constitution making?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMECH & BIOTRANS", number:"null", id:"35354", path:"/courses/35354", description:"The course is intended as an introduction to continuum mechanics in both solid and fluid media, with special emphasis on the application to biomedical engineering. Once basic principles are established, the course will cover more advanced concepts in biosolid mechanics that include computational mechanics and bio-constitutive theory. Applications of these advanced concepts to current research problems will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUMERICAL MTHDS & MODLNG", number:"null", id:"44108", path:"/courses/44108", description:"This course provides an advanced introduction to various numerical methods for solving systems of algebraic equations (linear and non-linear) and differential equations (ordinary and partial). Techniques covered include Newton's method, implicit and explicit time stepping, and the finite difference and finite element methods. The MATLAB software package will be used to implement the various methods and execute representative calculations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE EUROPEAN UNION", number:"null", id:"36395", path:"/courses/36395", description:"This lecture course, after introductory sessions which outline the EU's core institutions, is built on an exposition of the works of major thinkers who have reflected on the European Union's origins, outcomes and significance. It critically reviews their arguments, especially their relevance to major recent crises, notably: the failure of the European Constitution, the current crisis of credibility facing the Euro. Whether the European Union is a confederation, a federation, an empire, or a novel political formation shall be examined. Whether its recent major widening signals an end to its institutional deepening will be discussed. Whether the Union has 'a democratic deficit' is examined, as is the claim that in external relations it represents a novel form of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROSCI, ETHICS & LAW", number:"null", id:"43431", path:"/courses/43431", description:"How does the neuroscience of human decision-making and emotion impact our understanding of ethics and law? What can neuroscience tell us about why people findactions moral or immoral, worthy of praise or punishment? What, if anything, can it tell us normatively about morality, agency and responsibility? And what other insights might neuroscience offer regarding other morally and legally relevant phenomena such as stereotyping and bias, the causes of antisocial behavior and the detection of deception?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41932", path:"/courses/41932", description:"Operations strategy is about organizing people and resources to gain a competitive advantage in the delivery of products (both goods and services) to customers. This course approaches this challenge primarily from two perspectives: 1) how should a firm design their products so that they can be profitably offered; 2) how can a firm best organize and acquire resources to deliver its portfolio of products to customers. To be able to make intelligent decisions regarding these high-level choices, this course also provides a foundation of analytical methods. These methods give students a conceptual framekwork for understanding the linkage between how a firm manages its supply and how well that supply matches the firm's resulting demand. Specific course topics include designing service systems, managing inventory and product variety, capacity planning, approaches to sourcing and supplier management, constructing global supply chains, managing sustainability initiatives, and revenue management. This course emphasizes both quantitative tools and qualitative frameworks. Neither is more important than the other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE EMBODIED MIND", number:"null", id:"37819", path:"/courses/37819", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP ORG AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38320", path:"/courses/38320", description:"This is the second computer oganization course and focuses on computer hardware design. Topics covered are: (1) basic digital system design including finite state machines, (2) instruction set design and simple RISC assembly programming, (3) quantitative evaluation of computer performance, (4) circuits for integer and floating-point arithmatic, (5) datapath and control, (6) micro-programming, (7) pipeling, (8) storage hierarchy and virtual memory, (9) input/output, (10) different forms of parallelism including instruction level parallelism, data-level parallelism using both vectors and message-passing multi-processors, and thread-level parallelism using shared memory multiprocessors. Basic cache coherence and synchronization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"36559", path:"/courses/36559", description:"Discrete and continuous sample spaces and probability; random variables, distributions, independence; expectation and generating functions; Markov chains and recurrence theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN ADV APPL OF STAT: Advance Research Topics", number:"null", id:"39373", path:"/courses/39373", description:"This seminar will be taken by doctoral candidates after the completion of most of their coursework. Topics vary from year to year and are chosen from advance probability, statistical inference, robust methods, and decision theory with principal emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPLEX HEALTHCARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"41855", path:"/courses/41855", description:"This two-part course provides the didactic and clinical experiences in increasingly complex nursing care situations and environments which facilitate the students' transition to independent practice. In the lecture component, the focus is on the integration of knowledge and skill for nursing practice and develops the ability of students to see nursing practice as part of a complex system. It examines systems thinking and complexity, development of a leadership role and skills, inter-professional communication and teamwork, and leading change in healthcare organizations. This course also examines the nurse's role in improvement science and patient care delivery, focusing on quality improvement processes, patient safety, nurse sensitive process and outcome metrics with micro-systems. This course also allows students to develop the capacity for clinical expertise, leadership, and for translating the science of the profession into practice. Students also are assigned to a seminar component that is correlated with their selected site for the specialty clinical practicum. This aspect of the course allows the student to develop additional expertise in a specialty area of practice and to develop competences specific to that population of patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"41882", path:"/courses/41882", description:"Assessment and treatment of the young child in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this developmentally organized course. This course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with the most common health problems, including acute episodic illness as well as stable chronic disease. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, the maturational tasks and problems of children and their families in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"44266", path:"/courses/44266", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significance in contemporary German-speaking countries through literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANS(L)ITS", number:"null", id:"37275", path:"/courses/37275", description:"The course, required for all majors in the fall of their senior year, considers movements between languages, including those of the students themselves. Research underscores the importance of providing students and adult language learners with the tools to reflect on their own languages learning. This required course provides an important space for German-learners at Penn to draw on one another's experiences in the program, to build a sense of community, and to complete a final project which, in the case of majors, serves to establish their senior thesis. Drawing on Goethe's musings on 'world literature,' the course focuses on authors who have arrived at their German words via global, worldly itineraries. Authors who adopt German as their literary language-sometimes called Chamisso authors in honor of the nineteenth-century writer Adalbert von Chamisso, by birth a French speake-provide a special focus of this course. The course encourages students to become Chamisso authors themselves via a series of critical and creative writing exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"YORUBA LANG & CULTURE I", number:"null", id:"36689", path:"/courses/36689", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLTRL HERITAGE&CONFLICT", number:"null", id:"42341", path:"/courses/42341", description:"Intentional destruction of cultural heritage is designed to erase the presence of a people in history and has become an all too familiar feature of the devastation wrought by contemporary violence and 'ethnic cleansing.' Recent cases appear frequently in news headlines and include such well-known examples as the 2001 demolition of the Bamiyan Buddhas in Afghanistan, the 2012 destruction of Sufi shrines in Timbuktu, Mali, and the recent obliteration of historic sites across Syria and Iraq. This course explores this phenomenon by examining such questions as: Why is cultural heritage targeted in conflict? Under what circumstances? By whom? In so doing, we will engage with readings that discuss the historical development of the international laws and norms that aim to protect cultural heritage during conflict and examples successful and unsuccessful humanitarian interventions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38527", path:"/courses/38527", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the coure will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IDEAS IN MATHEMATICS", number:"null", id:"45197", path:"/courses/45197", description:"Topics from among the following: logic, sets, calculus, probability, history and philosophy of mathematics, game theory, geometry, and their relevance to contemporary science and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM & PERSUASION", number:"null", id:"42586", path:"/courses/42586", description:"Theory, research and application in the persuasive effects of communication in social and mass contexts. Primary focus on the effects of messages on attitudes, opinions, values, and behaviors. Applications include political, commercial, and public service advertising; propaganda; and communication campaigns (e.g. anti-smoking).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40282", path:"/courses/40282", description:"This is the first of a two semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. This fall semester course follows closely with MEAM 210, involving experiments to explore the principles of statics and strength of materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF OLDER ADULTS", number:"null", id:"44630", path:"/courses/44630", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of older adults. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern including the unique set of principles and body of knowledge and skills necessary to the practice of nursing with older adults. Students are provided with the theoretical background necessary to understand health system issues affecting older adults. Students will attain the knowledge necessary to complete a comprehensive assessment of the older adult's physical, functional, psychosocial, and cognitive capacities. Common problems associated with cardiovascular, respiratory, neurological, musculoskeletal, sensory, and genitourinary systems that affect older adults will be discussed. In addition, principles of continuity of care, rehabilitation, nutritional and pharmacodynamic changes, cultural diversity and ethics will be integrated throughout the course. Clinical experiences in acute care hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP ABNORMAL: PSYCHOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43419", path:"/courses/43419", description:"PSYC 362-301 is a two-semester course starting in the Fall. Class size limited to 8 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"37733", path:"/courses/37733", description:"Philosophers ask difficult questions about the most basic issues in human life. Does God exist? What is real? What can we know about the world? What does it mean to have a mind? Do I have free will? What should I do? How should we live together? Do our lives have meaning? This course is an introduction to some of these questions and to the methods philosophers have developed for thinking clearly about them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF OLDER ADULTS", number:"null", id:"41838", path:"/courses/41838", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of older adults. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern including the unique set of principles and body of knowledge and skills necessary to the practice of nursing with older adults. Students are provided with the theoretical background necessary to understand health system issues affecting older adults. Students will attain the knowledge necessary to complete a comprehensive assessment of the older adult's physical, functional, psychosocial, and cognitive capacities. Common problems associated with cardiovascular, respiratory, neurological, musculoskeletal, sensory, and genitourinary systems that affect older adults will be discussed. In addition, principles of continuity of care, rehabilitation, nutritional and pharmacodynamic changes, cultural diversity and ethics will be integrated throughout the course. Clinical experiences in acute care hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVAN FRENCH TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"44238", path:"/courses/44238", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory and practice of translation and is designed to help foster a critical understanding of differences between French and English syntactical and lexical patterns. It will introduce students to theoretical concepts and problems of translation, with the ultimate goal being to improve their ability to communicate in more authentic-sounding French. Students will have the opportunity to practice translation individually and to work with their peers on a variety of projects (advertising, journalistic and literary texts, movie and broadcast news subtitling) and to engage in critique and discussion of others' translations. This course will help students refine their language skills and navigate more proficiently between these cultures and language systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR THESIS", number:"null", id:"40085", path:"/courses/40085", description:"This course is for senior undergraduate Women's Studies majors who will be completing their thesis. The seminar helps students decide on the most appropriate methodologies to use and topics to include in their thesis. Other topics include thesis organization and drawing conclusions from primary and secondary sources of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSCIANSHIP II", number:"null", id:"41802", path:"/courses/41802", description:"Continuation of techniques established in Theory and Musicianship I. Explores chromatic harmony. Concepts will be developed through analysis and model composition. Musicianship component will include sight singing, clef reading, harmonic dictation and keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS&MOD SEMICON DEV", number:"null", id:"41353", path:"/courses/41353", description:"Semiconductor materials form the basis of modern electronic technology. This course develops the physics of semiconductor devices, the evolution of modern semiconductor technology, device engineering considerations, and introduces emerging technologies. The course stresses intuitive understanding of the physics through interactive exercises, instructional videos, in-class examples and a research project. Topics covered include an introduction to quantum mechanics and band theory of solids; physics governing charge carriers in semiconductors; fundamental operating mechanisms for p-n junctions, bipolar and field-effect transistors, and optoelectronic devices; and an introduction to nanoscale devices and the limits of transistor scaling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR ABNORMAL PSYCH: Current Controversies in Clinical Psychology", number:"null", id:"37832", path:"/courses/37832", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE REFORM", number:"null", id:"42909", path:"/courses/42909", description:"This course will provide students a broad overview of the current U.S. healthcare system. The course will focus on the challenges facing the health care system, an in-depth understanding of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and of its potential impact upon health care access, delivery, cost, and quality as well as its effect on firms within the health care sector. The course will examine potential reforms, including those offered by liberals and conservatives and information that can be extracted from health care systems in other developed countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT MORAL PHILOSOPHY: ARISTOTLE'S ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39154", path:"/courses/39154", description:"The Nicomachean Ethics is considered to be Aristotle's major ethical work, and it is still counted among the most influential ethical texts altogether. This course will focus on Aristotle's Nicomachean Ethics with a special emphasis on questions that are systematically relevant for problems discussed in contemporary approaches to virtue ethics. These questions concern, for example, the Aristotelian conception of virtue, the scope and nature of practical wisdom, and the relationship between virtue and justice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD. OPT. PHYS.&SPECTROS", number:"null", id:"36365", path:"/courses/36365", description:"Introduction to contemporary optics. Topics include propagation and guiding of light waves, interaction of electromagnetic radiation with matter, lasers, non-linear optics, coherent transcient phenomena, photon correlation spectroscopies and photon diffusion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36515", path:"/courses/36515", description:"Topics vary from semester to semester. Some which have been offered in the past include Race in the City; Africian Urbanization; Sociology of Jewry; Law & Social Change; Tourism, Culture & Society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIO FRQ INT. CIRC. DES", number:"null", id:"35726", path:"/courses/35726", description:"Introduction to RF (Radio Frequency) and Microwave Theory, Components, and Systems. The course aims at providing knowledge in RF transceiver design at both microwave and millimeter-wate frequencies. Both system and circuit level perspective will be addressed, supported by modeling and simulation using professinal tools (including Agilent ADS, Sonnet, and Cadence Design Systems). Topics include: Transmission Line Theory, S-parameters, Smith Chart for matching network design, stability, noise, and mised signal design. RF devices covred will include: hybrid/Wilkinson/Lange 3dB couplers, Small Signal Amplifiers (SSA), Low Noise Amps (LNA), and Power Amps (PA). CMOS technoogy will be largely used to design the devices mentioned.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSPORTATION AND AMERICAN SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42223", path:"/courses/42223", description:"Transportation affects every aspect of American society; from how we get to work or school, to how we shop and play. Transportation policy at all levels of American government has serious implications for social justice and economic development. Moreover, some of today's most intense political battles center on transportation policy across America and within its cities, be it funding High Speed Rail in California or placing bike lanes in the heart of Manhattan. Transportation and American Society will expose students to the role transportation has played the development of America and its cities as well as its impact on politics and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MAKING LDRSHIP: Decision Making in the Leadership Chair", number:"null", id:"44536", path:"/courses/44536", description:"Contact the Management Department for additional information at: Courseinfo@wharton.upenn.edu. 

Decision making in the leadership chair is a complex task and one that is difficult to teach in a business school setting. To bridge this gap, Mr. William P. Lauder and invited executives will bring their experiences into the classroom, primarily addressing key decision they made, how they weighed their options, and what they learned from the outcomes. The framework for the class centers around two crucial aspects of decision making in the leadership chair: the need to manage many groups of stakeholders, and the need to play many roles when doing this. This course is by application only to second-year Wharton MBAs and a maximum of 48 students will be selected. A communication will be sent regarding the application details.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK/HERITAGE SPKRS II", number:"null", id:"44255", path:"/courses/44255", description:"It is the continuation of GREK 115 with completing Grammar (passive voice as well as unusual nouns and adjectives etc.,) and adding more challenging reading and writing material. The completion of this course satisfies the language requirement. ALL students completing the HSI GREK 115 are eligible toenroll. ALL OTHERS will have to take a placement test.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN LIT AFTER 1870", number:"null", id:"43455", path:"/courses/43455", description:"Major Russian writers in English translation: Tolstoy, Chekhov, Pasternak, Babel, Solzhenitsyn, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURE OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"44572", path:"/courses/44572", description:"Crystal structure and bonding. Symmetry: line, plane, point, and space groups. Symmetry considerations in structure-property relations. Physical optics, diffraction as Fourier transforms. Effects of size, shape, temperature and distortion on diffraction intensity. Diffraction of gas, liquid, fibers, and DNA. Diffuse scattering, order/disorder. Pair distribution function, inverse problem, small angle scattering. Radiation-matter interaction, scattering physics, atomic and electronic spectroscopy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"42083", path:"/courses/42083", description:"Conversation, reading skills, grammer review.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHROMOSOMES & CELL CYCLE", number:"null", id:"43833", path:"/courses/43833", description:"Life depends on the propagation of genetic material from one generation to the next through cycles of genome replication and cell division. The genome is copied by the parent, and one exact copy is inherited by each daughter cell. We will treat chromosomes as discrete entities, rather than collections of genes, that are replicated and divided with high fidelity to ensure that the genome remains stable over many generations. By reading selected primary literature covering several decades, we will build an understanding of the cell cycle by focusing on chromosomes and the associated molecular machinery. We will explore mechanisms that underlie replication and division, particularly control mechanisms that maintain genome integrity and are critical to prevent disease. The goal of the course is to develop a picture of the cell cycle by examining some of the key experiments and insights that have led to our current understanding.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CLINICAL CNCPTS & PROFESSIONAL ROLE FOR CRIT CARE ADV PRAC PROVIDERS II", number:"null", id:"41919", path:"/courses/41919", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERNAL AND INFANT CARE IN THE AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"36246", path:"/courses/36246", description:"This clinical elective will provide an intensive historical, sociopolitical, and cultural perspective of health and health care delivery in the Americas with a special emphasis on Latin America and the Caribbean. Classroom, direct clinical care and field experiences are designed to provide students with a broad view of the history and culture system of the country of focus. The delivery of health care to women and children will be explored from a sociopolitical, cultural and historical context. Service learning experiences are an integral component of this course. The course includes 5 seminars on campus and 10-14 days on site in the country of focus. The country of focus may vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY SOCIO THEOR", number:"null", id:"37906", path:"/courses/37906", description:"This course will cover the founding classics of the sociological tradition including works of Tocqueville, Marx and Engels, Nietzsche, Weber, Freud, Durkheim Simmel, and G.H. Mead. We will also examine how the major traditionshave continued and transformed into theories of conflict, domination, resistance and social change; social solidarity, ritual and symbolism; symbolic interactionist and phenomenological theory of discourse, self and mind.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36833", path:"/courses/36833", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY NOVEL:  LITERATURE, POLITICS, ECONOMY", number:"null", id:"40184", path:"/courses/40184", description:"Please see department website for current description: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION I", number:"null", id:"40480", path:"/courses/40480", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on ambulatory care. Clinical practice in all areas of ambulatory women's health care, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN PROJECT", number:"null", id:"42394", path:"/courses/42394", description:"Second semester of a two semester design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM PERSIAN II", number:"null", id:"39139", path:"/courses/39139", description:"This course is designed to help you build upon what you have learned in Elementary Persian I. Emphasis is placed on using the language for interpersonal, interpretive, and presentational modes of communication. Therefore use of English is restricted. Listening, speaking, reading, and writing-as well as culture, vocabulary, grammar, and pronunciation-are integrated into the course. Students must either have successfully completed PERS-011, or take the departmental exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"44780", path:"/courses/44780", description:"An intermediate course in the statics and dynamics of particles and rigid bodies. Langrangian dynamics, central forces, non-inertial reference frames, and rigid bodies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR CULTURAL PSYCH: Being Human: The Biology of Human Behavior, Cognition, and Culture", number:"null", id:"44862", path:"/courses/44862", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLVING NURSING SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36281", path:"/courses/36281", description:"A consideration of contemporary nursing research as it pertains to the current state of the art and directions for future study. Advanced analysis of methodology, assumptions, and theoretical structures that underpin the work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"40881", path:"/courses/40881", description:"The objective of this course is to provide an understanding of financial accounting fundamentals for prospective consumers of corporate financial information, such as managers, stockholders, financial analysts, and creditors. The course focuses on understanding how economic events like corporate investments, financing transactions and operating activities are recorded in the three main financial statements (i.e., the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows). Along the way, students will develop the technical skills needed to analyze corporate financial statements and disclosures for use in financial analysis, and to interpret how accounting standards and managerial incentives affect the financial reporting process. This course is recommended for students who want a more in-depth overview of the financial accounting required for understanding firm performance and potential future risks through analysis of reported financial information, such as students intending to go into security analysis and investment banking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS CHINESE CULTURE", number:"null", id:"42514", path:"/courses/42514", description:"The objective of this superior level content-based course is to extend and refine students' language and analytical skills while enhancing the appreciation of Chinese culture. The course is for students with native-like competence in Mandarin. Each class will proceed from reading, reflection, and interpretation, to the exchange of ideas. All reading materials are in Chinese with no glossary and all are written by scholars whose expertise are wither in contemporary and traditional culture of China, or in comparative study of Chinese and Western thoughts. Topics include: (1) the shared beliefs and behaviors of Chinese people; (2) traditional values and new values in the technological and business society; (3) how affection and love are manifested in Chinese culture; (4) what influenced the surge of popularity of Chinese wuxia fiction; (5) what it meant to be descendants of Chinese (huayi) living outside China. The class is conducted exclusively in Mandarin Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  NURSING PRACTICE AND HIV+ PATIENTS", number:"null", id:"43228", path:"/courses/43228", description:"This course is directed at the need to increase nursing majors knowledge and clinical expertice in the care of persons with HIV/AIDS. Hands on clinical practice with nurses who are AIDS experts will be combined with seminars that provide epidemiologic, clinical assessment, infection control, symptom management, patient teaching, psychosocial, ethical, cultural, political, and policy information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP SCI/ENRGY&CHEM TRAN", number:"null", id:"42471", path:"/courses/42471", description:"Our theoretical and computational capabilities have reached a point where we can do predictions of materials on the computer. This course will introduce students to fundamenta l concepts and techniques of atomic scale computational modeling. The material will cover electronic structure theory and chemical kinetics. Several well-chosen applications in energy and chemical transformations including study and prediction of properties of chemical systems (heterogeneous, molecular, and biological catalysts) and physical properties of materials will be considered. This course will have modules that will include hands-on computer lab experience and teach the student how to perform electronic structure calculations of energetics which form the basis for the development of a kinetic model for a particular problem, which will be part of a project at the end of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS DRAMA TO 1660: INTRO TO SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"37090", path:"/courses/37090", description:"This course explores an aspect of drama before 1660 intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAPHIC DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"35755", path:"/courses/35755", description:"Practicum provides a real world experience for students interested in solving design problems for non-profit and community organizations. The studio works with two clients each semester, and previous projects have included print design, web design, interpretive signage and exhibit interactives. All projects are real and will result in a portfolio-ready finished product. Students will participate in a full design experience including design, client interaction, presentations, production, and project management. In addition, students will take field trips, meet professionals and go on studio visits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR RESEARCH SEMINAR: THE ENGLISH LYRIC", number:"null", id:"41304", path:"/courses/41304", description:"This course offers junior English majors the opportunity to design and undertake a semester-long research and writing project in an advanced seminar setting. Discussions will address debates within the field/period/topic of the course, research methods, and advanced writing and critical thinking issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF GENDER", number:"null", id:"42128", path:"/courses/42128", description:"Gender is an organizing principle of society, shaping social structures, cultural understandings, processes of interaction, and identities in ways that have profound consequences. It affects every aspect of people's lives, from their intimate relationships to their participation in work, family, government, and other social institutions and their place in the stratification system. Yet gender is such a taken for granted basis for differences among people that it can be hard to see the underlying social structures and cultural forces that reinforce or weaken the social boundaries that define gender. Differences in behavior, power, and experience are often seen as the result of biological imperatives or of individual choice. A sociological view of gender, in contrast, emphasizes how gender is socially constructed and how structural constraints limit choice. This course examines how differences based on gender are created and sustained, with particular attention to how other important bases of personal identity and social inequality--race and class-interact with patterns of gender relations. We will also seek to understand how social change happens and how gender inequality might be reduced.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEM FRAMING", number:"null", id:"35977", path:"/courses/35977", description:"In the second semester of the four-semester studio sequence, we ask students to take a step back from what and how they are designing and ask the question of why they are designing it. We will teach them a rigorous process for understanding stakeholder needs and for translating those needs into implications for product design. They will begin to develop greater awareness of the personal, social, competitive and technological contexts that their products fit into, and to learn how to design for those contexts. They will develop the ability to dive into a topic and frame a design problem, and to understand the implications of how they frame the problem on what they design. Ideally, they will use this process to identify a problem or opportunity to work on for their final project. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLACIERS,ICE & CLIMATE", number:"null", id:"41483", path:"/courses/41483", description:"All forms of frozen water at Earth's surface define the cryosphere. These icy environmnets are an integral part of the global climate system, with important linkages and feedbacks resulting from their influences on surface energy and moisture fluxes, clouds, precipitation, hydrology, and circulation in the atmosphere and oceans. This course will survey the various components of the cryosphere and their interactions with climate, with a strong emphasis on the dynamics of glaciers and ice sheets. Broad topics to be covered are 1)the rudimentary mechanics of glacier and ice sheet flow, 2)fast-flowing ice streams and factors limiting their motion, 3)ice-quakes and their origins, 4)the nature of climate data recorded in natural ice bodies, 5)the influence of climate on the stability of ice sheets and glaciers, and 6)glacier-like flow on other planetary bodies. This will be a lecture-based course with written assignmnets and problems sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN ARCH THEORY", number:"null", id:"39567", path:"/courses/39567", description:"A survey of architectural theory from the mid-eighteenth century to the present. The discussion of original writings will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Animal Models of Neuropsychiatric Disorders", number:"null", id:"41025", path:"/courses/41025", description:"This seminar will focus on the significant role of animal models in the investigation of the pathophysiology of a variety of human neuropsychiatric disorders as well as in the development of treatments for these disorders. The course will focus on the use of genetically modified mice in the investigation of Autistic Spectrum Disorders (ASD), anxiety and affective disorders, schizophrenia and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), with an emphasis on the limitations of such models. Class time will consist of short lectures and open discussions via student-led presentations. Emphasis will be placed on the critical analysis of primary literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE V", number:"null", id:"41654", path:"/courses/41654", description:"This is an advanced ASL course in which students expand their conversational and narrative range. While receptive readiness activities continue to be an important part of the class, the emphasis moves toward honing expressive sign skills through narrative presentation and ASL-only class discussions. Various aspects of Deaf culture and cultural behavior rules will be incorporated into the course. A large component of the course is a unit on Deaf history in which students read and discuss major events and famous deaf people via readings, film, class lectures and discussions, and other outside resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL HEALTH & AGING", number:"null", id:"44668", path:"/courses/44668", description:"An examination of the psycho-socio-cultural processes which influence the behavior patterns, coping, and adaptation of older adults. The course emphasizes strategies to promote mental health as well as assessment, presentation, and intervention in the major acute and chronic psychiatric disorders affecting the older adult.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN HEALTH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39407", path:"/courses/39407", description:"This course views health care from the perspective of social justice by exploring political, social, racial/ethnic, and economic factors that impact access to care. It incorporates a broad, ecological definition of health (beyond the medical model) and focuses on urban populations disproportionately affected by health care disparities. A broad range of issues, interventions, and interrelationships are discussed; these include infant mortality, childhood asthma, violence, substance abuse, diet-related disease, HIV/AIDS and mental illness. Guest speakers who are key figures in the Philadelphia area are invited for class presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH", number:"null", id:"40022", path:"/courses/40022", description:"French 121 is an intensive one-semester language course for students who have had some French before but who can benefit from a complete review of elementary French. Students with an SATII score between 380-440 or a placement score between 18-29 should enroll in French 121. This course will provide a re-introduction of the basic structures of French with intensive work on speaking and listening designed to prepare students to take Intermediate French. Due to the nature of the course, the first half will progress rapidly with much more difficult material being presented after the midterm period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY LATIN I", number:"null", id:"40202", path:"/courses/40202", description:"An introduction to the Latin language for beginners. Students begin learning grammar and vocabulary, with practical exercises in reading in writing. By the end of the course students will be able to read and analyze simple Latin texts, including selected Roman inscriptions in the Penn Museum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY PHIL: Enhancing the Human Mind through Technology", number:"null", id:"43328", path:"/courses/43328", description:"Selected issues in contemporary philosophy of mind, metaphysics, epistemology, or ethics, with topics that vary from term to term. Most recently, the topic has been transhumanism (the movement to extend the human mind beyond biology). What philosophical conception of mind underpins this movement? What is it to be human, or to possess a human mind? What are the ethical implications of creating transhumans?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV COMMERCIAL CHINESEI: ADV BUSINESS CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36899", path:"/courses/36899", description:"This course provides students with the conceptual framework to understand issues China has been facing since its economic reform in 1978. Topics include WTO principles, the change of China's state-owned enterprises, China's economy in Mao's period, and the pros and cons of globalization. Students will be trained in reading financial articles, discussing international trades, conducting online research and giving business presentations. After the course, students will become more sophisticated in their understanding of China's economic development and in using Chinese business terminology at professional settings. The course assumes basic background in business and advanced level proficiency in Chinese language. The course is NOT open to freshman with no undergraduate business course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"38794", path:"/courses/38794", description:"This course is the continuation of the elementary level sequence designed to develop functional competence in the four skills. Class work emphasizes the further development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"42829", path:"/courses/42829", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43855", path:"/courses/43855", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD JEW INTEL & CULT HIS", number:"null", id:"41575", path:"/courses/41575", description:"An overview of Jewish intellectual and cultural history from the late 18th century until the present. The course considers the Jewish enlightenment Reform, Conservative and Neo-Orthodox Judaism, Zionist and Jewish Socialist thought, and Jewish thought in the 20th century, particularly in the context of the Holocaust. Readings of primary sources including Mendelsohn, Geiger, Hirsch, Herzl, Achad-ha-Am, Baeck, Buber, Kaplan, and others. No previous background is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS IN GLOBAL POL ENVIR", number:"null", id:"38181", path:"/courses/38181", description:"This course examines the non-market components of business and the broader political, regulatory, and civil context in which companies function. This course addresses how businesses interact with political and regulatory institutions, as well as the general public, with a focus on the global economy. The first portion examines the realities associated with political economy and the actual making of laws and regulations by imperfect politicians and regulators. The second portion analyzes the economic rationale for legislation and regulation in the presence of market failures. The course covers specific market failures and potential solutions including government regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN ISS IN HLTH CR MGMT", number:"null", id:"38700", path:"/courses/38700", description:"This course will explore the effects of the changing health care environment on the physician, patient and health care manager. It is intended for any undergraduate with an interest in how 1/6th of the American economy is organized as well as those planning careers as health care providers and managers. The course complements other health care courses (that take a societal perspective) by focusing on the individuals who participate in the health care enterprise. There are no prerequisites, as the course will stand on its own content. The course will be divided into modules that focus on the participants of the health care process and the process itself. We will analyze the patient, the doctor, and manager in light of the patient-doctor interaction, the turbulent health care marketplace, expensive new technologies,resource allocation, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"42390", path:"/courses/42390", description:"BE 310 is a one course-unit laboratory course on the design of technology to measure and control biological systems. The course is divided into four modules: (i) microfluidics for point of care diagnostics, (ii) synthetic biology for predicting cellular behavior, (iii) electronics and signal analysis of bioelectrical signals, and (iv) bioanalytical spectroscopy for low-cost diagnostics. Each module will have two components: (i) a series of structured learning exercises to teach key concepts and methods of the topic that we are studying, and (ii) a design challenge, in which the understanding gained in the first component is used to design a solution to an open ended bioengineering challenge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN BRAIN IMAGING: Functional Imaging of the Human Brain", number:"null", id:"38203", path:"/courses/38203", description:"The course will provide a detailed overview of functional brain imaging and it's potential uses. Issues regarding advantages and disadvantages of different modalities, study design image analysis & interpretation and how these relate to varies neurological & psychological phenomena will be discussed. Class will cover the following specific topics in this general time frame: Introduction to functional brain function, basics of nuclear medicine imaging (including instrumentation, image acquisition, and radiopharmaceuticals for positron emission tomography and single photon emission computed tomography), imaging of neurological disorders, imaging of psychological disorders, introduction to activation studies, image analysis and statistical problems, study design, literature review, journal article presentation, tour of Penn imaging facilities, interpretation of imaging studies, implications for clinical and research, and implications for understand the human mind and consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL ORGS ECONS GVRNC: International Organizations, Economics and Governance", number:"null", id:"42985", path:"/courses/42985", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LIT. & SOCIETY: THE WORLD OF WORK", number:"null", id:"38456", path:"/courses/38456", description:"While the topic of this course varies from semester, its subject is always the relation between literature and socio-economic realitites: political, economic, social, and of identity. Past versions of English 105 have included 'The World of Work,' 'Disability Narratives,' and 'Conflict in Print.' Each devotes a number of weeks to the economic and social theories underlying its given subject in order to provide students with adequate background.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"36247", path:"/courses/36247", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH IN AGE OF INFO: Math in the Media", number:"null", id:"44457", path:"/courses/44457", description:"This course counts as a regular elective for both the Mathematics Major and Minor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"44392", path:"/courses/44392", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 211. Students continue to develop functional proficiency in Korean at the advanced-low level. The topics include literature, culture, Korean customs, and social issues in contemporary Korea.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: Philosophy of Science", number:"null", id:"37754", path:"/courses/37754", description:"For the last four centuries, scientific research has provided our most reliable understanding of the world. Although the scientific revolution started modestly with attempts to understand stellar movement, we now know the age and constitution of the universe, the basis of heredity, and we can make and break chemical bonds at will. By all appearances, science seems to have made substantial progress from the scientific revolution to the global scientific enterprise of the 21st centry. This course is about how science has generated this knowledge, and whether it has been as progressive and reliable as it seems. We will consider methodological issues such as the sources of scientific knowledge, objectivity, the growing importance of computation in the natural sciences, and the nature of modeling. We will examine products of scientific research: explanations, models, theories, and laws of nature. And we will discuss questions about science and values, including whether non-scientific values can and should enter scientific research, the relationship between science and religion, and the role of the public in guiding the scientific enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG MOD CHIN I&II", number:"null", id:"36885", path:"/courses/36885", description:"This is a two-semester course covering the same material as CHIN011, CHIN012, CHIN111 and CHIN112. The main objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing Chinese. By the end of this course and CHIN022, students should achieve the following goals: 1)pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin Chinese accurately and comfortably with a good command of the 4 tones; 2)carry out basic conversations in daily activities; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read edited simple stories and write short notes or letters. Grammatical and cultural related issues are discussed during lecture hours. Oral communication tasks are given every week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"36872", path:"/courses/36872", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course should be taken concurrently with Chem 242.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TUDORS", number:"null", id:"41569", path:"/courses/41569", description:"This course examines the history of England from the accession of Henry (VII) Tudor in 1485 to the death of Elizabeth I in 1603, with emphases on the political and personal history of this colorful dynasty, the religious revolution known as the protestant Reformation, the arts and literature known as the English Renaissance, imperial and trade ventures overseas, and aspects of popular culture including the witch craze. Unlike most English histories of the period, we will also look closely at the other realms of the British Isles, Scotland, Wales, and Ireland. Readings consist of a textbook with a British scope, and an array of primary sources, some in book form and others (marked with an asterisk on the syllabus) attached to Blackboard or distributed in class. Books are available at the Penn Book Center, except for biographies associated with film critiques. Most of the films noted in the syllabus will be available on PVN; otherwise, they can be viewed at the library or through Netflix. Assignments in square brackets are optional.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LIT. & SOCIETY: THE WORLD OF WORK", number:"null", id:"35640", path:"/courses/35640", description:"Studying and writing about work is a relatively new enterprise, one that has produced an explosion of data, theory, manifesto, critique, fiction, memoir and dream. Readings will include fiction, poems, films, memoirs, essays, photographs and ethnographies. We'll also read a few key texts in the sociology of work, including E.P. Thompson's examination of time and work, and Frederick Taylor's studies of motion and management. Central texts will be Matthew Crawford's Shop Class as Soulcraft, and Mike Rose's The Mind at Work: Valuing the Intelligence of the American Worker.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: ALIENS, HUMANS & HYBRIDS", number:"null", id:"43622", path:"/courses/43622", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37824", path:"/courses/37824", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN FRENCH THEATER", number:"null", id:"38652", path:"/courses/38652", description:"A study of major movements and major dramatists from Giraudoux and Sartre to the theater of the absurd and its aftermath.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHIL: THE ETHICS OF IMAGES", number:"null", id:"38035", path:"/courses/38035", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Philosophy, the study of the nature and theory of reality, existence, and knowledge. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FETAL EVALUATION", number:"null", id:"39096", path:"/courses/39096", description:"This course focuses on identifying at risk and high risk maternal fetal dyads, developing knowledge relating to assessment of fetal well being, and understanding the implications of obstetric, non obstertric, and fetal complications on the management of the high risk pregnancy. Additionally the course provides an understanding of the scientific basis for new technologies used to evaluate at risk and high risk populations. Information about the physics of ultrasound, pulse echo imaging, and doppler techniques will be provided. Students must be able to practice ultrasound skills while in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMING OF AGE IN AMERICAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"42670", path:"/courses/42670", description:"Some versions of this course survey the American novel from its beginnings to the present, focusing on the development of the form, while others concentrate on the development of American fiction in one or two periods. Readings may include novels by writers such as Brown, Cooper, Hawthorne, Melville, Wharton, Morrison, Twain, James, Adams, Chopin, Howells, Norris, Whitman, Dreiser, Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Faulkner, Dos Passos, Ellison, and Nabokov.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"40727", path:"/courses/40727", description:"Introduction to concepts in probability. Basic statistical inference procedures of estimation, confidence intervals and hypothesis testing directed towards applications in science and medicine. The use of the JMP statistical package.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL MATLS SCI", number:"null", id:"40363", path:"/courses/40363", description:"This course will cover fundamentals of atomic level modeling of the structure and properties of materials. Specifically it will cover metals, semiconductors, oxides and other ionic crystals. First, the description of atomic interactions will be introduced. This will include both basics of the density functional theory and approximations in terms of pair potentials, embedded atom method and tight-binding. The methods of computer modeling include molecular statics, molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo and lattice dynamics (phonons). Interpretations of results of such modeling in terms of structures, for example using the radial distribution function, thermodynamic and statistical physics analyses will be an important component of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORG CHEM II:APPLICATIONS: Principles of Organic Chemistry with applications in Biomedical sciences", number:"null", id:"38266", path:"/courses/38266", description:"This course is functionally equivalent to Chem 242 as the second term of introductory Organic Chemistry, placing the content in the context of biology and medicine. Topics include: 1) alkyl compounds, ethers, epoxides and sulfidesin lipids; 2) carboxylic acids and amines in amino acids; 3) aromatic compounds and heterocycles in nucleic acids; and 4) ketones and aidehydes in carbohydrates. The synthesis and mechanism of action of pharmaceuticals that feature these functional groups will also be discussed. Additionally, Chem 243 makes use of 3D structure tutorials, recitation sections and visits from biomedical scientists who make use of chemistry in their work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"39276", path:"/courses/39276", description:"Quechua, the language of the Inca Empire and still spoken by approximately 6 million people throughout the Andes, is the most popular indigenous language of South America. The program focuses on the development of written and oral communicative abilities in Quechua through an interactive activity-based approach. Course includes an introduction to Quechua and Andean culture. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities. Assessment is based on both students ability to use the language in written and oral tasks and understanding the language and culture. This beginning level Quechua course is designed for students who have little or no previous knowledge of the language. Lectures will be delivered in English and Quechua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"37203", path:"/courses/37203", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide the student with the necessary skills to value and to employ options, futures, and related financial contracts. In order to provide a useful treatment of these topics in an environment that is changing rather rapidly, it is necessary to stress the fundamentals and to explore the topics at a technical level. The topics that will be covered include the valuation of futures contracts on stock indices, on commodities and Treasury instruments; the valuation of options, empirical evidence, strategies with respect to these assets, dynamic asset allocation strategies, or which portfolio insurance is an example, swaps, and the use (and misuse) of derivatives in the context of corporate applications. One-third of the course will be devoted to futures, a third to options, and a third to their applications. Many of the applications will be sprinkled along with the coverage of futures and options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURE OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"36168", path:"/courses/36168", description:"Description of crystal structure and bonding. Symmetry: line, plane, point, and space groups. Symmetry considerations in structure-property relations. Physical optics, diffraction as Fourier transforms. Effects of size, shape, temperature and distortion on diffraction intensity. Gas, liquid, fibers, DNA. Diffuse scattering, order/disorder. Pair distribution function, inverse problem, small angle scattering. Radiation-matter interaction, scattering physics, atomic and electronic spectroscopy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN S. REN ART: TERRESTRIAL IMAGINATION", number:"null", id:"35330", path:"/courses/35330", description:"Topic Varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUDITING", number:"null", id:"40880", path:"/courses/40880", description:"This course includes a consideration of the historical role of the auditor and the changing role in today's environment, the organization of the accounting profession, and the new influences of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. It introduces the students to generally accepted auditing standards, professional ethics, and legal liability. A conceptual theory of auditing is discussed and practical examples of auditing techniques and work programs are used to illustrate the application of the theory. The course also covers the auditor's reporting standards and uses case studies and professional journal articles as bases for discussion and analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBED SYS/MICROCONT LAB", number:"null", id:"38525", path:"/courses/38525", description:"An introduction to interfacing real-world sensors and actuators to embedded microprocessor systems. Concepts needed for building electronic systems for real-time operation and user interaction, such as digital input/outputs, interrupt service routines, serial communications, and analog-to-digital conversion will be covered. The course will conclude with a final project where student-designed projects are featured in presentations and demonstrations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERFACIAL PHENOMENA", number:"null", id:"38249", path:"/courses/38249", description:"This course provides an overview of fundamental concepts in colloid and interface science. Topics include the thermodynamics of interfaces, interfacial interactions (e.g. van der Waal's interactions, electrostatics, steric interactions), adsorption, the hydrodynamics and stability of interfacial systems, self assembly, etc. Connections to self-assembly and directed assembly of nanomaterials and emerging topics are explored. Pre-requisites: undergraduate thermodynamics, some familiarity with concepts of transport phenomena (including fluid flow and mass transfer) and differential equations", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EURO ART MUSIC", number:"null", id:"44587", path:"/courses/44587", description:"This course aims to introduce students to what it means to study the European musical tradition. Students will approach the diverse music that constitute the classical tradition from a variety of scholarly perspectives. The goal of this class is to listen deeply and think broadly. Students will consider questions such as: what sort of object is music? Where is it located? What does it mean to say a work is 'canonic'? What is left out of the story? This class will be in dialog with other tier-one classes, and will consider what the historian can bring to the study and understanding of music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAMILY AND ORGANIZATIONAL SYSTEMS ACROSS THE LIFE SPAN", number:"null", id:"45232", path:"/courses/45232", description:"This course presents Bowen Family Systems Theory as it applies to families over the life and organizations over time. This is a theoretical course whose purpose is to provide the student with a broad, systemic perspective on human functioning. The course begins with a detailed presentation of Systems Theory, from both a family and organizational perspective. As presented there is a continual compare and contrast to other dominant theories of human functioning. It then applies the concepts of Systems Theory to the understanding and assessment of the stages of the normal family life cycle from a multi-generational, multi-cultural perspective. This is followed by discussions of the theory's application to the emotional problems of children, adolescents, adults and their families. Likewise, application to organizational behavior is made, including health care organizations. Relevant research is discussed throughout.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REVOLUTIONS & DICTATORS", number:"null", id:"44840", path:"/courses/44840", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"44569", path:"/courses/44569", description:"The state of matter is dependent upon temperature, thermal history, and other variables. In this course the science of structural transitions is treated, with the purpose in mind of utilizing them for producing materials with superior properties. The subjects covered include the methods of structural analysis, solidification, solid state transformation, and order-disorder transition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILO PROB JOURN", number:"null", id:"43962", path:"/courses/43962", description:"An exploration of the relationship between journalism and philosophy by examining particular issues in epistenmology, political philosophy, ethics, and aesthetics. Among likely topics: the concept of a 'fact'; the role of the press in the state; whether journalists (like doctors and lawyers) opperate according to a specialized 'professional' ethics; and the limits of journalism as a literary or visual genre. Course reading will include philosophical texts, breaking print journalism, and blogs that specialize in media issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITALISM AND HUMANITARIANISM", number:"null", id:"44328", path:"/courses/44328", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE AESTHETICS", number:"null", id:"43991", path:"/courses/43991", description:"This seminar investigates classical Chinese conceptions of art and beauty as exemplified in philosophy, literature, music, painting, calligraphy, and architecture. All readings will be in English, and no knowledge of Chinese is presumed. Graduate students should see the instructor to discuss requirements for graduate credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION INTERNSHIP", number:"null", id:"36984", path:"/courses/36984", description:"Seminar for students concurrently participating in department-approved internships in communication-related organizations. Students will develop independent research agendas to investigate aspects of their internship experience or industry. Building on written field notes, assigned readings, and classroom discussion and evaluation, students will produce final papers using ethnographic methods to describe communications within their site or industry in order to understand and critically examine their hands-on experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: MARTIN SCORSESE", number:"null", id:"43893", path:"/courses/43893", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film Practice intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE II", number:"null", id:"39084", path:"/courses/39084", description:"In this didactic course, students learn to integrate their advanced pharmacology and pathophysiology background with their understanding of acute illness and injury. The focus is on the evidence-based management of patients with neurologic, gastrointestinal, renal, oncologic, and metabolic health problems. Students develop skills to create a differential diagnosis when an adult/older-adult presents with a constellation of symptoms. Common and atypical presentations of illness and disease are explored. Focus is placed on holistic care including the psychosocial, cultural, and spiritual aspects of patients' response to their illness or injury. Epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management, and advanced clinical decision making based on current clinical research are emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETIC PHENOMEN", number:"null", id:"43360", path:"/courses/43360", description:"Survey of electrodynamics, focusing on applications to research done in the Department. Topics include mathematical structure and relativistic invariance properties of Maxwell equations, tensor methods, and the generation and scattering of radiation, in vacuum and in materials. Applications vary from year to year but include optical manipulation, astrophysical phenomena, and the generalizations from Maxwell's theory to those of other fundamental interactions (strong, electroweak, and gravitational forces).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. TO COSMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43359", path:"/courses/43359", description:"Introduction to physical cosmology emphasizing recent ideas on the very early evolution of the universe. The course will introduce standard big bang cosmology, new theories of the very early universe, and the key observations that have tested and will be testing these ideas. No prior knowledge of astrophysics, cosmology, general relativity, or particle physics will be assumed, although aspects of each will be introduced as part of the course. The course is intended for graduate students and advanced undergraduates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY A", number:"null", id:"41029", path:"/courses/41029", description:"General principles of biology focusing on the basic chemistry of life, cell biology, molecular biology, and genetics in all types of living organisms. Particular emphasis will be given to links between the fundamental processes covered and current challenges of humankind in the areas of energy, food, and health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS:MECH,HEAT,SOUND", number:"null", id:"36346", path:"/courses/36346", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of motion requiring a background in calculus. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 101 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROETHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43793", path:"/courses/43793", description:"In course, students will learn how neurobiologists study the relationship between neural circuitry and behavior. Behaviors such as bat echolocation, birdsong, insect olfaction, spatial navigation, eye movement and others will be used to explore fundamental principles of brain function that include brain oscillations, population codes, efference copy, sensorimotor maps and sleep replay. The course will also discuss the various methodologies that are used to address these questions. The reading material will be derived mostly from the primary literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFLUENCE", number:"null", id:"36315", path:"/courses/36315", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CREATIVE WRITING:  FICTION AND ESSAY", number:"null", id:"44035", path:"/courses/44035", description:"A course designed to introduce students to many of the elements of creative writing, including fiction, poetry, journalism, creative nonfiction, and memoir. Students can expect to read from a variety of assigned texts, respond to regular writing prompts, and workshop their own creative work in a collaborative setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPANISH CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"37930", path:"/courses/37930", description:"Must be a resident of the Modern Language College House.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSPORTATION AND AMERICAN SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40781", path:"/courses/40781", description:"Transportation affects every aspect of American society; from how we get to work or school, to how we shop and play. Transportation policy at all levels of American government has serious implications for social justice and economic development. Moreover, some of today's most intense political battles center on transportation policy across America and within its cities, be it funding High Speed Rail in California or placing bike lanes in the heart of Manhattan. Transportation and American Society will expose students to the role transportation has played the development of America and its cities as well as its impact on politics and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41037", path:"/courses/41037", description:"A conceptual view of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. Cell biology is a dynamic field and recent research discoveries will be included in the lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN & TECH APP MATH", number:"null", id:"37110", path:"/courses/37110", description:"This course is targeted to engineering PhD students in all areas. It will focus on the stud of linear spaces (both finite and infinite dimensional) and of operators defined on such spaces. This course will also show students how powerful methods developed by the study of linear spaces can be used to systematically solve problems in engineering. The emphasis in this course will not be on abstract theory and proofs but on techniques that can be used to solve problems. Some examples of techniques that will be studied include, Fourier eries, Green's functions for ordinary and partial differential operators, eigenvalue problems for ordinary differential equations, singular value decomposition of matrices, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCAL OPS IN TECH VENTURE: Scaling Operations in Technology Ventures: Linking Strategy and Execution", number:"null", id:"43294", path:"/courses/43294", description:"This course helps students learn to make strategic scaling decisions that are grounded in operational reality. Students will study how to build and evaluate the 'operation systems' of the firm to maximize value with the focus on scaling the firm's operations. This involves tailoring the firm's operational competencies, assets, and processes to a specific business strategy. The course will approach the challenge of scaling operations and operations strategy by taking a holistic view that incorporates competitive strategy, financial evaluation, and the customer experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD MUSICS & CULTURES", number:"null", id:"43176", path:"/courses/43176", description:"This course examines how we as consumers in the 'Western' world engage with musical difference largely through the products of the global entertainment industry. We examine music cultures in contact in a variety of ways-- particularly as traditions in transformation. Students gain an understanding of traditional music as live, meaningful person-to-person music making, by examining the music in its original site of production, and then considering its transformation once it is removed, and recontextualized in a variety of ways. The purpose of the course is to enable students to become informed and critical consumers of 'World Music' by telling a series of stories about particular recordings made with, or using the music of, peoples culturally and geographically distant from the US. Students come to understand that not all music downloads containing music from unfamiliar places are the same, and that particular recordings may be embedded in intriguing and controversial narratives of production and consumption. At the very least, students should emerge from the class with a clear understanding that the production, distribution, and consumption of world music is rarely a neutral process. Fulfills College Cross Cultural Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED INDONESIAN II", number:"null", id:"43676", path:"/courses/43676", description:"This course is designed to expand students writing and speaking competencies, to increase their vocabulary and to deepen grammar usage. Students will practice effective reading and listening strategies in Indonesian. The authentic Indonesian reading texts and videos give students opportunities to deepen their knowledge about cultural practices and historical moments in Indonesia. In class, students will have ample opportunities to practice speaking on a daily basis through partner and group work, discussion forums and oral presentations. The variety of communicative activities exposes students to rich input of spoken Indonesian and leads them from structured practice to free expression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Chaucer: Medieval Contexts and Modern Adaptations", number:"null", id:"42673", path:"/courses/42673", description:"This course introduces students to literary study through the works of a single author--often Shakespeare, but other versions will feature writers like Jane Austen, Geoffrey Chaucer, Herman Melville, and August Wilson. Readings an individual author across his or her entire career offers students the rare opportunity to examine works from several critical perspectives in a single course. What is the author's relation to his or her time? How do our author's works help us to understand literary history more generally? And how might be understand our author's legacy through performance, tributes, adaptations, or sequels? Exposing students to a range of approaches and assignments, this course is an ideal introduction to literary study for those students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATION", number:"null", id:"43166", path:"/courses/43166", description:"The phase of a material determines macroscopic properties such as strength, diffusion, and permeability. Whereas thermodynamics provides an idealistic understanding of phase behavior, the real phase (composition) and morphology of a solid material depends on the rate of transformation from one state to another. Namely, kinetics is the study of the rates at which systems approach the ideal state predicted by thermodynamics. Thus, transport/diffusion underlies our understanding of phase transformations. Technology applications will include, polymer nanocomposites as kinetically arrested materials, rapid solidification to create new materials, purification methods for integrated circuits, and drug delivery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACTING & DIRECTING LAB: JAPANESE THEATRE: PRACTICE AND THEORY", number:"null", id:"45004", path:"/courses/45004", description:"This course operates as a continuation of both Introduction to Acting (THAR120) and Introduction to Directing (THAR121). Students can take the course as actors, directors, or both. Each semester the course covers a unique topic of exploration for actors and directors. This is a studio class with a focus on scene work within various genres, styles and concentrations of theatrical practices. Some special topics might include: Japanese Theatre, Theatre as Event, Experimental Theatre, and Feminism and Form.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF BIOL FABRICATION", number:"null", id:"39588", path:"/courses/39588", description:"BE 558 introduces methodological approaches that are currently used for the de novo construction of biological molecules - primarily, nucleic acids and proteins - and how to use these molecules to engineer the properties of cells and intact tissue. By the end of the semester, students should (i) possess a molecular-scale understanding of key biological synthesis and assembly processes, (ii) gain an intuition for how to create novel methodologies based on these existing processes, and (iii) appreciate the drivers of technology adoption. Course content will be placed in context of cutting edge applications in bioengineering and human health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP VISION&CMPTNL PHOTO", number:"null", id:"36951", path:"/courses/36951", description:"This is an introductory course to Computer Vision and Computational Photography. This course will explore three topics: 1) image morphing, 2) image matching and stitching, and 3) image recognition. This course is intended to provide a hands-on experience with interesting things to do on images/videos. The world is becoming image-centric. Cameras are now found everywhere, in our cell phones, automobiles, even in medical surgery tools. Computer vision technology has led to latest innovations in areas such as Hollywood movie production, medical diagnosis, biometrics, and digital library. This course is suited for students from all Engineering backgrounds, who have the basic knowledge of linear algebra and programming, and a lot of imagination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 2", number:"null", id:"36533", path:"/courses/36533", description:"The continuation of Spanish 115, Spanish 125 is a second-semester elementary medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 115.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36976", path:"/courses/36976", description:"This course will explore the historical and contemporary role of the advertising industry in the U.S. media system. Readings will include social histories of advertising, economic examinations of advertising's role in society, and critical analysis of the ad industry's power over the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMIC ANALYSIS OF LAW", number:"null", id:"38828", path:"/courses/38828", description:"The course is designed to teach students how to think as an economist about legal rules; to evaluate alternative legal rules against standards of economic efficiency and distributive justice; and to understand the nature of the legal process and several specific areas of the law. With the use of alternative texts, both deductive and inductive reasoning will be employed to study the formation and interpretation of legal rules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM COMP & INF SCI", number:"null", id:"43910", path:"/courses/43910", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce undergraduate students in computer computer science and engineering to quantum computers (QC) and quantum information science (QIS). This course is meant primarly for juniors and seniors in Computer Science. No prior knowledge of quantum mechanics (QM) is assumed. Enrollment is by permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIPER SEMINAR II: Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER) Seminar II", number:"null", id:"40793", path:"/courses/40793", description:"This is the second part of the two-semester seminar designed to introduce students to the VIPER program and help them prepare for energy-related research. In this semester we will continue to discuss research articles on various energy-related topics, best practices for library research, presentation of data, basic research methods, research ethics, data analysis, and funding options. A large focus of the course will also be on presenting (in both written and oral form) the work from the students' summer research internships.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Statistics for Economists", number:"null", id:"45140", path:"/courses/45140", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN POLITICAL PHIL", number:"null", id:"41969", path:"/courses/41969", description:"A survey of several works in modern political philosophy, including Thomas Hobbes's, Leviathan; John Locke's, Second Treatise on Government and Letter Concerning Toleration; David Hume's 'Of the Original Contract' and 'On Justice'; John Stuart Mill's Utilitarianism, On Liberty, and The Subjection of Women; excerpts from Karl Marx's Capital and other writings; and John Rawls's A Theory of Justice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO POSITIVE PSYCH", number:"null", id:"39245", path:"/courses/39245", description:"An introduction to the study of positive emotions, positive character traits, and positive institutions. The positive emotions consist of emotions about the past (e.g., serenity, satisfaction, pride), about the future (e.g., hope, optimism, faith), and emotions about the present (pleasure and gratification). The distinction among the pleasant life, the good life, and the meaningful life is drawn. The positive traits include wisdom, courage, humanity, justice, temperance, and spirituality, and the classification of these virtues is explored. The positive institutions are exemplified by extended families, free press, humane leadership, and representative government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"43232", path:"/courses/43232", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENETIC BASIS OF BEHAV", number:"null", id:"35376", path:"/courses/35376", description:"This course will be a comprehensive survey of the field of Behavioral Genetics, beginning with a historical perspective, basic concepts in molecular and quantitative genetics, and a review of current knowledge and future directions in the field. Genomic approaches will be emphasized, and both typical behavior and psychiatric disorders will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG RSCH-PREP/APP/METH", number:"null", id:"41327", path:"/courses/41327", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"40833", path:"/courses/40833", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. We will address different phases of a comany's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 883 is a half semester course offered in Q3 of the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF MODERN PHILOS", number:"null", id:"41950", path:"/courses/41950", description:"This course is an introduction to a few central themes in philosophy in the 17th and 18th centuries, and to some of the crucial thinkers who addressed those themes. Topics to be covered may include, among others, the nature of the human being (including the human mind), the relationship between God and the created world, the nature of freedom, and the relations among natural sciences, philosophy and theology in this rich period of human history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Empowering Women in Emerging Democracies", number:"null", id:"35840", path:"/courses/35840", description:"In this course you will explore ways to provide women with practical, 'real world' skills--political and community organizing, communications, fundraising, advocacy and media experience--that will enable them to achieve meaningful political, economic, and civic participation in the life of their countries. Students may also be involved with an international trip with Women's Campaign International. The course is designed to give the theoretical background and tools to put together an insightful international training to politically empower women.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERGRAD RES IN MATH", number:"null", id:"36062", path:"/courses/36062", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK/HERITAGE SPKRS II", number:"null", id:"42877", path:"/courses/42877", description:"It is the continuation of GREK 115 with completing Grammar (passive voice as well as unusual nouns and adjectives etc.,) and adding more challenging reading and writing material. The completion of this course satisfies the language requirement. ALL students completing the HSI GREK 115 are eligible toenroll. ALL OTHERS will have to take a placement test.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO KOREAN CIV", number:"null", id:"41216", path:"/courses/41216", description:"This gateway course surveys the history of Korea from early times to the present. We will study the establishment of various sociopolitical orders and their characteristics alongside major cultural developments. Covered topics include: state formation and dissolution; the role of ideology and how it changes; religious beliefs and values; agriculture, commerce, and industry; changing family relations; responses to Western imperialism; and Korea's increasing presence in the modern world as well as its future prospects. Students will also be introduced to various interpretive approaches in the historiography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED UKRAINIAN I", number:"null", id:"37893", path:"/courses/37893", description:"Emphasis on vocabulary building, conversation and reading skills. Grammar review.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION: Contemporary French Society Through Its Media", number:"null", id:"41456", path:"/courses/41456", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve communicative skills through extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It aims to enhance student understanding of contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression by promoting both cross-cultural understanding and critical thinking and developing students' communicative abilities (in the presentational, interpretive, and interpersonal modes). The specific language functions we will focus on are: narration; description; offering and soliciting advice and opinions; expressing feelings; critique and analysis; argumentation. It is organized around the themes of current events, identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). The oral work include video blogs and group presentations on selected topics and current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects. On completing this course, students will feel more confident and be able to speak and write effectively on a range of contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMANCE LANG-ELEM I: ELEMENTARY QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"37856", path:"/courses/37856", description:"Quechua, the language of the Inca Empire and still spoken by approximately 6 million people throughout the Andes, is the most popular indigenous language of South America. The program focuses on the development of written and oral communicative abilities in Quechua through an interactive activity-based approach. Course includes an introduction to Quechua and Andean culture. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities. Assessment is based on both students ability to use the language in written and oral tasks and understanding the language and culture. This beginning level Quechua course is designed for students who have little or no previous knowledge of the language. Lectures will be delivered in English and Quechua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Asian American Cinema Movement: Fighting For Representation", number:"null", id:"40982", path:"/courses/40982", description:"Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"36006", path:"/courses/36006", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. A continuation of the material offered in KORN 481: Advanced Business Korean I. Students continue to closely follow the current topics of business and financial markets of Korea by actively participating in discussions, research, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HASKELL", number:"null", id:"35491", path:"/courses/35491", description:"Haskell is a high-level, purely functional programming language with a strong static type system and elegant mathematical underpinnings. It is being increasingly used in industry by organizations such as Facebook, AT&T, and NASA, along with several financial firms. We will explore the joys of function programming, using Haskell as a vehicle. The aim of the course will be to allo you to use Haskell to easily and conveniently write practical programs. All ar welcome, including those with no programming experience. Evaluation wil l be based on regular homework assignments and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE CLTURE & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36725", path:"/courses/36725", description:"This course investigates diverse aspects of Chinese culture and society in the past and the present. Our discussion will begin by critically examining the alleged common characteristics of traditional Chinese culture and society, such as patrilineal kinship and Confucian ethics. For the Maoist era, we will discuss the impacts of the radical socialist movements, such as Great Leap Forward and Cultural Revolution, on local communities, families, and individuals. Later we will analyze the increasingly complex cultural and social landscapes of the Post-Mao China: How did the one-child policy contribute to the rediscovery of childhood and the emerging consumer culture in China? Have the new job opportunities created by the socialist market economy improved women's status? What are the effects of multinational corporations on local communities? How can we explain the relation between the creation of social stigma and infectious diseases such as AIDS?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL INFERENCE", number:"null", id:"39362", path:"/courses/39362", description:"Graphical displays; one- and two-sample confidence intervals; one- and two-sample hypothesis tests; one- and two-way ANOVA; simple and multiple linear least-squares regression; nonlinear regression; variable selection; logistic regression; categorical data analysis; goodness-of-fit tests. A methodology course. This course does not have business applications but has significant overlap with STAT 101 and 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"38885", path:"/courses/38885", description:"Syllabus for MATH 370-371: an introduction to the basic concepts of modern algebra. Linear algebra, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices, groups, rings and fields. MATH 502-503 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMDIATE TELUGU II", number:"null", id:"39388", path:"/courses/39388", description:"This course is designed to expand the students' basic language skills in Telugu in order to allow them to function adequately in a Telugu-speaking environment, to immerse themselves in the rich Andhra culture, and to accomplish a more advanced competency in an interesting foreign language. This course is also aimed at students planning to conduct scholarly research in Telugu history, literature or society, or humanities or social science fieldwork in Telugu speaking areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"37025", path:"/courses/37025", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"40250", path:"/courses/40250", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"36053", path:"/courses/36053", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERTEMPORAL MACRO FIN", number:"null", id:"35812", path:"/courses/35812", description:"This is a doctoral level course on macroeconomics, with special emphasis on intertemporal choice under uncertainty and topics related to finance. Topics include: optimal consumption and saving, the stochastic growth model, q-theory of investment, (incomplete) risk sharing and asset pricing. The course will cover and apply techniques, including dynamic programming, to solve dynamic optimization problems under uncertainty. Numerical solution methods are also discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMAGE-BASED ANATOMY", number:"null", id:"37568", path:"/courses/37568", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VICTIMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41859", path:"/courses/41859", description:"This course examines the wide range of victimization experiences from the perspective of the victim, their families and society. Crimes to be studied include workplace violence, corporate crime, robbery, burglary, assault, rape, stalking, domestic violence, homicide, suicide, elderly abuse and child sexual abuse and exploitation. The role of the medical examiner, health care providers and the FBI as they relate to victims of crime will be discussed. Emphasis will be given to exploring the elements of each crime and response patterns to victimizations. Services available to victims of crime will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEATH, DISEASE & DEMONS", number:"null", id:"42077", path:"/courses/42077", description:"How did life end for people in the medieval world? For most, death was not considered an end point because the soul journeyed on after the end of the body. But to where did it journey? And how would it be re-united with the body in the future? Between the classical period and the High Middle Ages, death shifted from a moment of quiet release to a frightening struggle in which angels and demons lay in wait for a soul as soon as it exited the body. This course will examine these changing beleifs about dying, focusing primarily on Christian medieval Europe but drawing comparative examples from Judaism, the Roman world, and Byzantine Christianity. Other topics we'll consider include martyrdom and fears of bodily dismemberment; the emergence of purgatory and depictions of the afterworld; and the development of Christian rites for the dead. We'll also investigate beliefs about the invisible powers of demons and the apocalyptic end of times. The course will also explore not only the process by which people entered the afterlife in the Middle Ages but also the causes of their deaths-- what kinds of disease primarily afflicted medieval society, and how did age, class and gender intersect with disease to affect certain populations? We will end the semester by examining that most apocalyptic of Medieval events-- the Black", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"44941", path:"/courses/44941", description:"The continuation of Spanish 110, Spanish 120 is a second-semester elementary language course. See the description of Spanish 110.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMICS OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"39834", path:"/courses/39834", description:"This course will use economic tools to explore decision making and allocation of resources within the family. The course will use both economic theory and econometric evidence to investigate these issues. The impact of gender roles and differences will be examined and the effect of these differences on economic decisions and outcomes both within and outside the family will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN AND INCARCERATION: Health Education for Incarcerated Women", number:"null", id:"41863", path:"/courses/41863", description:"This elective course will afford students the opportunity to develop and implement health education workshops for incarcerated women in the Philadelphiajail system. Students will explore the social and historical framework and trends in the incarceration of women, as well as the needs of this population, and will identify specific areas that need to be addressed by particular disciplines or professions. Students will have direct contact with the jail system, its staff, and female inmates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"39835", path:"/courses/39835", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC PROP OF MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"44573", path:"/courses/44573", description:"This course will introduce the physical principles underlying broad spectrum of electronic properties in the solid state. Starting with the band structure of solids, the course will give an overview of electronic, dielectric, magnetic, thermal and optical properties of materials. The treatment will use quantum mechanical and statistical mechanical concepts familiar to students at the undergraduate level. Commonly used theories and models will be introduced and their predictions will be compared with observations. Students who have taken MSE 221/MSE 260 and/or MSE 570/MSE 575 will benefit from this advanced introduction to material properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SITUATING THE PRACTICE OF NURSING", number:"null", id:"44621", path:"/courses/44621", description:"This course emphasizes not only how nursing is practiced, but also where it is practiced. The course further explores the four core themes of engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice as it provides guided observational experiences in a wide variety of settings. These experiences help the student to discover what is not known and what is subsequently necessary to know. These experiences also explore the place of the natural and social sciences and the arts and humanities in nursing practice. This course also will highlight the relationships between and among members of the interprofessional team and families and patients. NURS 102 fosters development of the professional role and sets the stage for life-long learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"39368", path:"/courses/39368", description:"An introduction to the mathematical theory of statistics. Estimation, with a focus on properties of sufficient statistics and maximum likelihood estimators. Hypothesis testing, with a focus on likelihood ratio tests and the consequent development of 't' tests and hypothesis tests in regression and ANOVA. Nonparametric procedures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING STRATEGIES", number:"null", id:"38955", path:"/courses/38955", description:"This course is designed to equip students with the concepts, techniques, and latest thinking on pricing issues, with an emphasis on ways in which to help a firm improve its pricing. The orientation of the course is about practice of pricing, not theory. We will focus on how firms can improve profitability through pricing, look at how firms set their prices and how to improve current practices to increase profitability. The first part of the course focuses on how to analyze costs, customers, and competitors in order to formulate proactive pricing strategies. The second part focuses on price promotions, price bundling, price discrimination, versioning, nonlinear pricing, pricing through a distribution channel, dynamic pricing, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUALITATIVE PARADIGM EMPIRICAL NURSING RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"37708", path:"/courses/37708", description:"Study of selected qualitative paradigm empirical research approaches, including design and methodology. Critique of selected qualitative research reports from the literature of nursing and related disciplines. Fieldwork exercise and research proposal required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT TOPICS IN NUTRITION: NUTRITIONAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41856", path:"/courses/41856", description:"The objective of the course is to integrate the nutrition knowledge obtained from previous course work in nutrition and provide the student the opportunity to explore, analyze and formulate implications of the research and related literature on a self-selected topic under the guidance of the faculty coordinator. Current topics and controversies in nutrition will be discussed weekly. Readings will be assigned in coordination with each discussion topic and students will be required to seek out other sources of information to add to the class discussion. Topics will change from year to year to reflect the most recent interests and issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PERSIAN II", number:"null", id:"39140", path:"/courses/39140", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"41250", path:"/courses/41250", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42117", path:"/courses/42117", description:"Sociology provides a unique way to look at human behavior and social interaction. Sociology is the systematic study of the groups and societies in which people live. In this introductory course, we analyze how social structures and cultures are created, maintained, and changed, and how they affect the lives of individuals. We will consider what theory and research can tell us about our social world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYS, RES & TECH", number:"null", id:"38502", path:"/courses/38502", description:"The course will present a comprehensive overview of the global demand for energy, and the resource availability and technology used in its current and future supply. Through a personal energy audit, students will be made aware of the extensive role that energy plays in modern life, both directly, through electricity and transportation fuel, and indirectly in the manufacturing of goods they use. The course will cover how that energy is supplied, the anticipated global growth in energy demand, the resource availability and the role of science and technology in meeting that demand in a world concerned about climate change. The roles of conservation, improved efficiency and renewable energy in meeting future demand in a sustainable, environmentally benign way will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
