CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCPT IN MICRO-&NANOTEC", number:"null", id:"44104", path:"/courses/44104", description:"Seminar/Lecture course on micro- and nanotechnology intended for nonspecialists. This course will discuss how very small structures and devices, as well as systems comprising these devices, are fabricated and characterized, with application examples from microelectronics, microelectromechanical systems, and quantum devices and systems. Current societal and ethical implications of micro- and nanotechnology, as well as creation and exploitation of commercial opportunities, will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY POL THOUGHT: Justice, Freedom, Power", number:"null", id:"36392", path:"/courses/36392", description:"This course is intended as a general introduction to political theory since 1900, examining prominent theorists of politics including Max Weber, Hannah Arendt, Carl Schmitt, Isaiah Berlin, Jurgen Habermas, John Rawls, Michel Foucault, and Jacques Derrida. Our theme for the Fall 2012 course will be: The Disenchantment of the World? Topics include: the nature of the the political and the concern, particular to the last century, that politics is itself under attack; the spread of liberal democracy across the globe and a critical appraisal of the moral meaning of this regime; contemporary theories of social justice; and an exploration of various issues pertaining to violence and the politics of security.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDATIONS OF ENG MATH II", number:"null", id:"38507", path:"/courses/38507", description:"Vector Analysis: space curves, Frenet - Serret formulae, vector theorems, reciprocal systems, co and contra variant components, orthogonal curvilinear systems. Matrix theory: Gauss-Jordan elimination, eigen values and eigen vectors, quadratic and canonical forms, vector spaces, linear independence, Triangle and Schwarz inequalities, n-tuple space.Variational calculus: Euler-Lagrange equation, Finite elements, Weak formulation, Galerkin technique, FEMLAB. Tensors: Einstein summation, tensors of arbitrary order, dyads and polyads, outer and inner products, quotient law, metric tensor, Euclidean and Riemannian spaces, physical components, covariant differentiation, detailed evaluation of Christoffel symbols, Ricci's theorem, intrinsic differentiation, generalized acceleration, Geodesics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MINERALOGY", number:"null", id:"37248", path:"/courses/37248", description:"Crystallography, representative minerals, their chemical and physical properties. Use of petrographic microscope in identifying common rock-forming minerals in thin section.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM IN RESIDENCE GREGORY COLLEGE HOUSE", number:"null", id:"43892", path:"/courses/43892", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE BEFORE 1660", number:"null", id:"35617", path:"/courses/35617", description:"This course will introduce students to key works of English literature written before 1660. It will explore the major literary genres of this period, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. The course will examine how literature texts articulate changes in language and form, as well as in concepts of family, nation, and community during the medieval and early modern periods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MICRO", number:"null", id:"41241", path:"/courses/41241", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. Theory of supply and demand, costs and revenues of the firm under perfect competition, monopoly and oligopoly, pricing of factors of production, income distribution, and theory of international trade. Econ 1 deals primarily with microeconomics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ENTERPRISING MUSICIAN AND ARTIST", number:"null", id:"39003", path:"/courses/39003", description:"This course aims to provide students with the skills to ensure that the art they create achieves the maximum impact for their audiences and communities, for their respective fields, and for themselves. The course will also examine the relationship between entrepreneurship and individual artistic development. After arriving at an appropriate definition of entrepreneurship and how it can apply to music and the arts, students will explore the development of creativity and innovation and how that leads to idea generation. Students will then receive instruction in such areas as marketing, fundraising, financial management, and business planning. Guest lectures and the examination of case studies will supplement the instructor's lectures. The course will culminate with each student completing and presenting an individual project and participating in a group project in which the class partners with a local arts organization. Can be counted as a music minor elective only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICS FOR SERVICES", number:"null", id:"44731", path:"/courses/44731", description:"This course covers a range of analytical methods that are useful tools for capacity management in services, and it will provide you with insights into the economics of a range of services businesses including (i) High-level planning models that account for multiple dimensions of service capacity, (ii) Low-level models of system congestion that capture the relationship between capacity choices, quality of service and, in some cases, system revenue, (iii) Statistical estimation and forecasting models to characterize key measures of future supply and demand.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CLAY: HANDBUILINDG AND CASTING TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"35750", path:"/courses/35750", description:"Modeling and casting are fundamental methods of object-making. Students will learn basic handbuilding techniques such as coil building, slab construction, and mold making through assignments that incorporate conceptual and technical issues. Through experimentation with these methods, this course promotes an understanding of materials, processes, visual concepts, and techniques for creating three-dimensional forms in space. In addition to using different water-based clays and plaster, other materials such as wax, plastiline, paper pulp, cardboard, and tar paper will be explored. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR WOMEN LIVES PAST/PRE", number:"null", id:"42297", path:"/courses/42297", description:"Restoring women to African history is a worthy goal, but easier said than done.The course examines scholarship over the past forty years that brings to light previously overlooked contributions African women have made to political struggle, religious change, culture preservation, and economic development from pre-colonial times to present. The course addresses basic questions about changing women's roles and human rights controversies associated with African women within the wider cultural and historical contexts in which their lives are lived. It also raises fundamental questions about sources, methodology, and representation, including the value of African women's oral and written narrative and cinema production as avenues to insider perspectives on African women's lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDAMENTALS OF NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"36212", path:"/courses/36212", description:"Essentials of normal nutrition and their relationships to the health of individuals and families. These concepts serve as a basis for the development of an understanding of the therapeutic application of dietary principles and the nurse's role and responsibility in this facet of patient care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PETRARCH:  POETICS AND POLITICS OF THE MODERN LYRIC SELF", number:"null", id:"40183", path:"/courses/40183", description:"Petrarch's life and work in the context of Italian and European culture and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL POL. ECON.: International Political Economy", number:"null", id:"39210", path:"/courses/39210", description:"This course examines the politics of international economic relations. The course will analyze the interplay between politics and economics in three broad areas: international trade, international finance, and economic development. In each section, we will first discuss economic theories that explain the causes and consequences of international commerce, capital flows, and economic growth. We will then explore how political interests, institutions, and ideas alter these predictions, examining both historical examples and current policy debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO I", number:"null", id:"42761", path:"/courses/42761", description:"In this studio based course, students are introduced to video production and postproduction as well as to selected historical and theoretical texts addressing the medium of video. Students will be taught basic camera operation, sound recording and lighting, as well as basic video and sound editing and exporting using various screening and installation formats. In addition to a range of short assignment-based exercises, students will be expected to complete three short projects over the course of the semester. Critiques of these projects are crucial to the course as students are expected to speak at length about the formal, technical, critical and historical dimensions of their works. Weekly readings in philosophy, critical theory, artist statements and literature are assinged. The course will also include weekly screenings of films and videos, introducing students to the history of video art as well as to other contemporary practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARTH SURFACE PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"42870", path:"/courses/42870", description:"Patterns on the Earth's surface arise due to the transport of sediment by water and wind, with energy that is supplied by climate and tectonic deformation of the solid Earth. This course presents a treatment of the processes of erosion and deposition that shape landscapes. Emphasis will be placed on using simple physical principles as a tool for (a) understanding landscape patterns including drainage networks, river channels and deltas, desert dunes, and submarine channels, (b) reconstructing past environmental conditions using the sedimentary record, and (c) the management of rivers and landscapes under present and future climate scenarios. The course will conclude with a critical assessment of landscape evolution on other planets, including Mars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF RACE", number:"null", id:"37750", path:"/courses/37750", description:"Historically, philosophical questions about race have been about the nature and reality of race, the nature of racism, and social or political questions related to race or racism. In fitting with that history, the first part of the course will focus on the nature and reality of race, as understood in biology and as understood by ordinary people. We will begin by looking at biological race theories from Francois Bernier in 1684 to Pigliucci and Kaplan in 2003. Next, we will look at the philosophical work that has been done on the nature and reality of race as ordinarily understood in the contemporary United States. We will discuss racial anti-realism, social constructionism about race, and biological racial realism from well-known philosophers of race like Anthony Appiah, Sally Haslanger, and Joshua Glasgow. The second part of the course will focus on the nature of racism and social or political questions related to race or racism. In our discussion of racism, we will cover intrinsic v. extrinsic racism, the volitional account of racism, institutional racism, and implicit racism. In our discussion of social or political issues realted to race or racism, we will address the issue of whether race-based preferential treatment in college admissions is an instance of racism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER CON LAW II", number:"null", id:"43394", path:"/courses/43394", description:"This course examines American constitutional development from the eve of WWI through the second Obama administration. Topics include the growth of the New Deal and a Great Society regulatory and redistributive state, struggles for equal rights for racial and ethnic minorities, women and GLBT Americans, contests over freedoms of religion and expression, criminal justice issues, the Reagan Revolution and the revival of federalism and property rights, and issues of national security powers after September 11, 2001. Lectures are on videos and class time is devoted to in-depth discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Environmental Studies Research Seminar for Juniors", number:"null", id:"35695", path:"/courses/35695", description:"This seminar is designed to help Juniors prepare for the Senior Thesis research. Topic selection, advisor identification, funding options, and basic research methods will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECH II", number:"null", id:"43897", path:"/courses/43897", description:"This is a course about Algorithms and Data Structures using the JAVA programming language. We introduce the basic concepts about complexity of an algorithm and methods on how to compute the running time of algorithms. Then, we describe data structures like stacks, queues, maps, trees, and graphs, and we construct efficient algorithms based on these representations. The course builds upon existing implementations of basic data structures in JAVA and extends them for the structures like trees, studying the performance of operations on such structures, and theiefficiency when used in real-world applications. A large project introducing students to the challenges of software engineering concludes the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"39106", path:"/courses/39106", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN LIT AFTER 1870", number:"null", id:"39283", path:"/courses/39283", description:"Major Russian writers in English translation: Tolstoy, Chekhov, Pasternak, Babel, Solzhenitsyn, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMICON DEVICE PHYS&TECH", number:"null", id:"38532", path:"/courses/38532", description:"An advanced undergraduate course or graduate level course on the fundamental physical principles underlying the operation of traditional semiconducting electronic and optoelectronic devices and extends these concepts to novel nanoscale electronic and optoelectronic devices. The course assumes an undergraduate level understanding of semiconductors physics, as found in ESE 218 or PHYS 240. The course builds on the physics of solid state semiconductor devices to develop the operation and application of semiconductors and their devices in energy conversion devices such as solar photovoltaics, thermophotovoltaics, and thermoelectrics, to supply energy. The course also considers the importance of the design of modern semiconductor transistor technology to operate at low-power in CMOS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVAN FRENCH TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"38651", path:"/courses/38651", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory and practice of translation and is designed to help foster a critical understanding of differences between French and English syntactical and lexical patterns. It will introduce students to theoretical concepts and problems of translation, with the ultimate goal being to improve their ability to communicate in more authentic-sounding French. Students will have the opportunity to practice translation individually and to work with their peers on a variety of projects (advertising, journalistic and literary texts, movie and broadcast news subtitling) and to engage in critique and discussion of others' translations. This course will help students refine their language skills and navigate more proficiently between these cultures and language systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES: Enabling Technologies", number:"null", id:"37721", path:"/courses/37721", description:"This course is about understanding emerging technology enablers with a goal of stimulating thinking on new applications for commerce. No prerequisite or technical background is assumed. The class is self-contained (mainly lecture-based) and will culminate in a class-driven identification of novel businesses that exploit these enablers. 

No prerequisite or technical background is assumed. Students with little prior technical background can use the course to become more technologically informed. Those with moderate to advanced technical background may find the course a useful survey of emerging technologies. The course is recommended for students interested in careers in consulting, investement banking and venture capital in the tech sector.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN SOUTH", number:"null", id:"37325", path:"/courses/37325", description:"Southern culture and history from 1607-1860, from Jamestown to seccession. Traces the rise of slavery and plantation society, the growth of Southern sectionalism and its explosion into Civil War.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF CHILDREN THEORY I: CHILD AND FAMILY DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"41896", path:"/courses/41896", description:"This course focuses on developmental theories and concepts that form the basis for nursing assessment and intervention with children and families. Emphasis is given to current research and issues in child and family development and functioning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42444", path:"/courses/42444", description:"A view of how an animal embryo is specified to develop and differentiate into a wide spectrum of cell types, and how the spatial patterns and axes of embyros are determined. The course will focus on genetic and molecular approaches, but will also cover the comparative anatomy of developing embryos to the extent necessary to understand the conserved aspects of embryonic patterning. Special emphasis will be placed on organisms with particular advantages for the study of embryonic development: e.g., mouse, frog, zebrafish, and Drosophila. The first half of the course will cover cell fate restrictions, cloning animals using nuclear transfer, stem cell biology, formation of the embryonic axes in vertebrates and Drosophila, and patterning of the neural tube and mesodermal tissues. The second half of the course will focus on emerging ideas and findings in the field, with emphasis on analysis of original literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS", number:"null", id:"40040", path:"/courses/40040", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY & FASHION", number:"null", id:"41404", path:"/courses/41404", description:"Since the invention of photography, the fashion industry has been one of the cornerstones of creative expression, innovation and visionary provocation. Contemporary fashion photography has continued to attract a leading group of image-makers that continue the tradition of creating artwork that not only is being published in cutting edge magazines such as V, Another Magazine and Citizen K, but also are exhibiting their work in various galleries and museums around the world. This course is designed for students who are interested in creating contemporary fashion images through specific assignments that define the process: lighting in studio or location, working with fashion designers, stylists, models, hair/ make up artists, and the application of a variety of post production techniques, via Photoshop. The class will explore modern constructs that define the importance of branding, marketing, advertising and the relationship of fashion photography in contemporary art and culture today.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABORATORY IN MODERN PHYSICS", number:"null", id:"44784", path:"/courses/44784", description:"In this course you will have the opportunity to do a variety of experiments, ranging from 'classic experiments' such as measuring G with a torsion balance, determining the relativistic mass of the electron, and muon lifetime, to experiments studying atomic spectroscopy, NMR, Optical pumping, Mossbauer effect, nuclear energy levels, interaction of gamma rays with matter, single photon interference, and magnetic susceptibility. There are also experiments using a High-Tc superconducting tunnel junction and a PET scanner. You will learn basic statistics, become proficient in analysis using Python, acquire an understanding of systematic errors, and learn how to write a professional report. Many of the laboratories provide excellent opportunities to exercise, and expand upon, the knowledge you have gained in your physics courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO JAPANESE CIVIL", number:"null", id:"42605", path:"/courses/42605", description:"Survey of the civilization of Japan from prehistoric times to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LITERATURE: WRITING PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"39847", path:"/courses/39847", description:"Freshman Seminars under the title 'Topics in Literature' will afford entering students who are considering literary study as their major the opportunity to explore a particular and limited subject with a professor whose current work lies in that area. Topics may range from the lyric poems of Shakespeare's period to the ethnic fiction of contemporary America. Small class-size will insure all students the opportunity to participate in lively discussions. Students may expect frequent and extensive writing assignments, but these seminars are not writing courses; rather, they are intensive introductions to the serious study of literature. One of them may be counted toward the English major and may be applied to a period, genre, or thematic requirement within the major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHEOLOGY OF CNTRL ASIA", number:"null", id:"35588", path:"/courses/35588", description:"A site by site investigation of Buddhist and non-Buddhist ruins in Central Asia. Included are Nisa, Khwarezm, Pyandzhikent, Khalchayan, Ay-Khanum, Bamiyan, Miran, Tumshuk, Kizil, Kucha, Khotan, Adzhina-Tepe, Khocho, Khara-Khoto, and Bezeklik.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARTIAL DIFFER EQUATIONS", number:"null", id:"43088", path:"/courses/43088", description:"Method of separation of variables will be applied to solve the wave, heat, and Laplace equations. In addition, one or more of the following topics will be covered: qualitative properties of solutions of various equations (characteristics, maximum principles, uniqueness theorems), Laplace and Fourier transform methods, and approximation techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYS, RES & TECH", number:"null", id:"41326", path:"/courses/41326", description:"The course will present a comprehensive overview of the global demand for energy, and the resource availability and technology used in its current and future supply. Through a personal energy audit, students will be made aware of the extensive role that energy plays in modern life, both directly, through electricity and transportation fuel, and indirectly in the manufacturing of goods they use. The course will cover how that energy is supplied, the anticipated global growth in energy demand, the resource availability and the role of science and technology in meeting that demand in a world concerned about climate change. The roles of conservation, improved efficiency and renewable energy in meeting future demand in a sustainable, environmentally benign way will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED POETRY WRITING", number:"null", id:"44059", path:"/courses/44059", description:"This workshop is especially valuable for creative writing concentrators in poetry within the English Major, for those who are working on longer works, or for those who wish to work on a series of poems connected by style and subject matter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"E-HEALTH:BUSINESS MODELS: E-Health: Business Models and Impact", number:"null", id:"44290", path:"/courses/44290", description:"This course will introduce students to the main components of Health Information Technology (HIT) and how HIT currently effects, and in the future, may change health care operating models. Although it will not prepare students for primary technology management positions, it will help them understand the role of information technology in the success of the delivery system and other important healthcare processes. It will provide a foundation that will prepare them as managers, investors and consultants to rely upon or manage information technology to accomplish delivery system objectives. The course will give special attention to key health care processes, and topics such as the drive for provider quality and cost improvements, the potential ability to leverage clinical data for care improvement and product development, the growth of new information technologies for consumer directed healthcare and telemedicine, the strategies and economics of individual HIT companies and the role of government. The course relies heavily on industry leaders to share their ideas and experiences with students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERPIECES 19C RUS LIT", number:"null", id:"44894", path:"/courses/44894", description:"A bronze monument to an all-powerful emperor comes to life and pursues a poor everyman through the streets, driving him to his death. A studious young man kills an old woman as a philosophical experiment. A young woman at the height of aristocratic society abandons her husband and young son to devote herself to her lover. These and other tales from the classics of nineteenth-century Russian literature will touch and delight you, get under your skin, and even attempt to show you how to live. We will read these tales in order to understand how books can become events in their own right, how Russian literature gained such power and prestige, and what it can still teach us today. Works will include Pushkin's The Bronze Horseman, Turgenev's Fathers and Children, Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment, Tolstoy's Anna Karenina, Khvoshchinskaya's City Folk and Country Folk, Chekhov's Cherry Orchard, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP: Making Sense of Music", number:"null", id:"44585", path:"/courses/44585", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71). Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN MANDARIN II", number:"null", id:"38288", path:"/courses/38288", description:"Following the format of Advanced Spoken Mandarin I with more discussions on current issues in both China and the US, including topics ranging from race, religion, gender issues to internet, cinema and pop cultures. The objective of this course is to consolidate the knowledge and skills students have acquired from their previous Mandarin Chinese classes and to enhance their oral expressive skills. By the end of the semester, students are expected to be able to carry on a conversation with a native Mandarin speaker on various common topics, and to gather information necessary for conducting oral presentations and speeches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATL CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37209", path:"/courses/37209", description:"This course analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics covered are corporate strategy and the decision to invest abroad, international portfolio diversification, managing exchange risk, taxation issues, cost of capital and financial structure in the multinational firm, and sources of financing. Departmental Website: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/ Registration: Registration for MBA electives is handled through the MBA Course Auction. For questions about core courses or MBA electives that don't appear in the course auction please contact the MBA Program Office. Non-MBAs interested in graduate classes must work throught the academic department and the MBA Program Office.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSNATL ISSUES GLOBAL", number:"null", id:"37369", path:"/courses/37369", description:"Transnational Issues in Global Politics This course is designed to provide students with an introduction to transnational issues and world politics and to acquaint them with some of the leading issues, theories, concepts and processes that shape and define world events. It is expected that students taking the course will gain an ability to analyze, understand objectively evaluate and apprecate the complex dynamic that is 'global politics.' In order to better understand other nations, their leaders and their motivations, the readings and lectures in the first segment of this course will examine the traditional and contemporary approaches to studying world politics. Next, we will focus on the instruments of conflict and cooperation and the forces of integration and fragmentation in the world today. Finally, we will assess some of the major international issues of our time (i.e. climate change, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, genocide and human trafficking) and debate the prospects for bringing peace and prosperity to a world that is rife with conflict and poverty. The overriding challenge in this introductory course is to consider international relations from different perspectives and to be open and adaptive as you develop a deeper understanding of global issues and politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOL DATA SCIENCE I", number:"null", id:"37106", path:"/courses/37106", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide students with skills to analyze and interpret small and large biological data sets. Fundamentals in probability and statistics will be taught through the use of homework problems, case studies and projects focused on computational analysis of biological data. Topics covered include: Populations and samples; random variable; discrete and continuous probability distributions; exploratory data analysis; descriptive statistics; confidence intervals; expectations; variances; central limit theorem; independence; hypothesis testing; fitting probability models; pvalues; goodness-of-fit tests; correlation coefficients; non-parametric tests; ANOVA; linear regression; bootstrapping; and maximum likelihood estimation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"35394", path:"/courses/35394", description:"BIOL 204 examines the basic principles of protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanism, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. The primary objective is to provide life scientists with an appreciation of basic principles of modern biochemistry, and of how the current conceptual and technical framework arose. Emphasis is placed on the experimental approaches and reasoning behind the dissection and reconstitution of these processes in a biological and, in some cases, clinical context. Discussions directed at biochemical problem solving, experimental design and the application of quantitative methods are integral to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Teaching Nursing in an Academic Environment", number:"null", id:"44663", path:"/courses/44663", description:"This course provides students with the fundamental knowledge and skills in preparation for teaching in a faculty role in an academic environment. Specific focus will be placed on program design, development of teaching skills in the didactic, simulation, clinical, and online learning environments, management of didactic and clinical course offerings including effective use of learning management systems, and methods for evaluation of student performance including various test constructions and paper grading rubrics. This course also reviews approaches and resources for working with students who have learning challenges or performance issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37910", path:"/courses/37910", description:"This course will give the student an introduction to the sociological study of medicine. Medical sociology is a broad field, covering topics as diverse as the institution and profession of medicine, the practice of medical care, and the social factors that contribute to sickness and well-being. Although we will not explore everything, we will attempt to cover as much of the field as possible through four thematic units: (1) the organization and development of the profession of medicine, (2) the delivery of health-care, especially doctor-patient interaction, (3) the social and cultural factors that affect how illness is defined, and (4) the social causes of illness. The class will emphasize empirical research especially but not only quantitative research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO INNER ASIAN CIVS", number:"null", id:"39815", path:"/courses/39815", description:"This class is intended for new graduate students and upper-division undergraduates with some prerequisites who wish to get a solid grounding in the study of Inner Asia. The class will introduce Inner Asia as a coherent civilizational network, focusing on: 1) the steppe-imperial tradition; 2) the Tibetan-rite Buddhist commonwealth that developed from the Tibetan and Mongol empires; and 3) the increasing integration of these two Inner Asian civilizational paterns with that of imperial China. There will also be some consideration of the Islamic Turco-Mongolian synthesis that developed in the post-Mongol period. Regionally, the class introduce: 1) core Inner Asia (the Mongolian plateau, the Tarim Basin, the Tibetan plateau, the Manchuria) and 2) the main dynasties of China that formed in the Mongolia and Manchuria (Liao, Jin, Yuan and Qing). There will also be some consideration of historically Inner Asian populations in Hexi (Gansu-Qinghai), and the North China plains and the Shaanxi-Shanxi-Rehe uplands. Chronologically, the class will touch on prehistory and the contemporary period, but will mostly cover the period from the emergence of historical records on the Mongolian plateau and the Tarim basin to roughly 1950. Prehistory and the contemporary period will be give less detailed coverage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDIA: CULTURE & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43468", path:"/courses/43468", description:"What makes India INDIA? Religion and Philosophy? Architectural splendor? Kingdoms? Caste? The position of women? This course will introduce students to India by studying a range of social and cultural institutions that have historically assumed to be definitive India. Through primary texts, novels and historical sociological analysis, we will ask how these institutions have been reproduced and transformed, and assess their significance for contemporary Indian society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & PRAC OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"43116", path:"/courses/43116", description:"This course is designed for those persons who desire to understand the distinct strategies and practices of family-controlled companies and family wealth creation. It will focus on stakeholder decision making; financial and resource driven options for long-run competitiveness, organizational structures, management team issues; strategic planning from a resource-based perspective; transition planning for the corporate entity, family dynamics and communication issues; and leadership empowerment. The course is intended for those who plan to consult or provide professional services to family-controlled companies and for those planning a career in a family firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUMBER THEORY", number:"null", id:"37470", path:"/courses/37470", description:"Congruences, Diophantine equations, continued fractions, nonlinear congruences,and quadratic residues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"43724", path:"/courses/43724", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Music and Literature: Sounding Poetry", number:"null", id:"45143", path:"/courses/45143", description:"Never before has poetry been so inescapable. Hip hop, the soundtrack of our times, has made rhyme, meter, and word-play part of our daily lives. How did this happen? This course begins not on the page, but in the bardic traditions of Homer's Iliad, which encoded many of the values of its time in oral formulas. Poetry was, however, no mere encyclopedia, but also a source of risk, as we will read in Plato's warning against its hypnotic powers, and in the excesses of the Bacchae. We continue through 19th and 20th century attempts to recover these classic traditions (Wordsworth, Longfellow, Pound). Yet Europe was not the only center of poetic production. How does the Homeric tradition relate to living traditions of West African singing poets (griots) and Southern African praise songs? And what traces of these traditions can we hear in the blues? We will listen to early blues recordings and discuss the politics of collecting folklore, and the genius of African American modernists (Langston Hughes, Claude McKay, Georgia Douglas Johnson) who bought vernacular speech onto the page. We will read and listen to a number of 20th century poets inspired when page meets stage in jazz poetry, dub poetry, spoken word, and hip hop. Assignments will include 2 papers, 2 small-group performances, memorization exercises, and a creative adaptation of one poem.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN BYZANTINE ART: The Icon: From Sinai to Malevich", number:"null", id:"40972", path:"/courses/40972", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"40693", path:"/courses/40693", description:"Topic vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOPIRACY MED PLANTS GLO", number:"null", id:"42976", path:"/courses/42976", description:"Biopiracy has emerged as the name of conflict between multinational pharmaceutical companies attempting to get genetic patents on medicinal plants and indigenous communities in the Global South who have long known and used these plants for medicinal purposes. Today the story of Biopiracy is an unfolding story of plants, patents and power. The extraction and commercial exploitation of plants and knowledge about them from the Global South however is not new. It has been happening at increasing pace for at least the last two centuries. Both the anti-malarial drug quinine and the cancer drug vincristine for instance have their plant-origins in the Global South where local communities used them medicinally long before their discovery by biomedicine. This course will put the current debates around Biopiracy in context and explore how the entanglements of plants and power have changed or not changed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED UKRAINIAN I", number:"null", id:"40675", path:"/courses/40675", description:"Emphasis on advanced vocabulary building, conversation and reading skills. Advanced grammar review.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"40331", path:"/courses/40331", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"43901", path:"/courses/43901", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"38783", path:"/courses/38783", description:"Seminar in international relations. Second semester of a two semester sequence including review of advanced international relations theory and research methods for the preparation of the senior thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG STRUCT & VERBAL ART", number:"null", id:"40231", path:"/courses/40231", description:"The purpose of this course is to explore the relationship between linguistic structure and the use of language for artistic purposes. The syllabus is organized as a sequence of units, each built around a particular theme. These include the sound structure of poetry (meter, rhyme, and other linguistic patterns in Jabberwocky, the Odyssey, Shakespeare, the Troubadours, and others); how precise linguistic data can be used to solve an outstanding literary problem (determining the approximate date when Beowulf was composed); and the structure of folktales of various cultures and of narratives of everyday experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR I", number:"null", id:"40665", path:"/courses/40665", description:"This course is an introduction to the repertoire and performance practices of the North Indian sitar. Fundamentals of sitar technique, composition, and improvisation are presented and practiced in class. Class lectures and discussions, audio and video material, and reading and listening assignments on selected topics supplement practice, to provide an overview of the social and historical context and the formal structures of North Indian music in general. There are no prerequisites for the course, but some experience with instrumental or vocal music is suggested. Each student is expected to put in two hours of individual practice per week, and complete reading, audio, and written assignments. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED ELEM GERMAN", number:"null", id:"41501", path:"/courses/41501", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYC&ANTH PERSP ON CHILD: PSYCHOANALYTIC AND ANTHROPOLOGICAL PERSPECTIVES ON CHILDHOOD", number:"null", id:"43704", path:"/courses/43704", description:"This course will consider the interaction between culture and individual psychology, and between nature and nurture from birth to adulthood. Through through an examination of phases of human development described by psychoanalysis, and evidence concerning psychoanalytic ideas from around the world, we will consider questions such as: How do people become who they are, both similar to others and uniquely individual? How do we develop emotionally? What features are and are not universal for our species? What is and is not known about these questions. The instructors are both psychoanalysts, one a psychiatrist, one a pediatrician. This course counts towards the Psychoanalytic Studies (PSYS) Minor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"44962", path:"/courses/44962", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLACKS IN AMER FILM/TV", number:"null", id:"36676", path:"/courses/36676", description:"This course is an examination and analysis of the changing images and achievements of African Americans in motion pictures and television. The first half of the course focuses on African-American film images from the early years of D.W. Griffith's 'renegade bucks' in The Birth of a Nation (1915); to the comic servants played by Steppin Fetchit, Hattie McDaniel, and others during the Depression era; to the post-World War II New Negro heroes and heroines of Pinky (1949) and The Defiant Ones (1958); to the rise of the new movement of African American directors such as Spike Lee (Do the Right Thing), Julie Dash (Daughters of the Dust), Charles Burnett, (To Sleep With Anger) and John Singleton (Boyz N the Hood). The second half explores television images from the early sitcoms 'Amos 'n Andy' and 'Beulah' to the 'Cosby Show,' 'Fresh Prince of Bel Air,' and 'Martin.' Foremost this course will examine Black stereotypes in American films and television--and the manner in which those stereotypes have reflected national attitudes and outlooks during various historical periods. The in-class screenings and discussions will include such films as Show Boat (1936), the independently produced 'race movies' of the 1930s and 1940s, Cabin in the Sky (1943), The Defiant Ones (1958), Imitation of Life (the 1959 remake) & Super Fly (1972).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"43884", path:"/courses/43884", description:"This course is the second half of a one-year course for business oriented subjects. This course will provide an overview of China's changing macro-environment, while real business cases let us look into individual Chinese companies and their development in the new millennium. By the end of the semester, students are expected to 1) enhance the cultural awareness of contemporary China and the Chinese business world; 2) gain vocabulary and fluency in Chinese to function more confidently and comfortably in real business settings; 3) access business news and information in Chinese; 4) give business presentation in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS INSR & EST PLNG", number:"null", id:"41017", path:"/courses/41017", description:"This course presents an analysis of overall private wealth management. This includes planning for disposition of closely-held business interests; the impact of income taxes and other transfer costs on business interests and other assets; integration of life insurance, disability insurance, medical benefits, and long-term care insurance in the financial plan; planning for concentrated asset (e.g., common stock) positions, diversification techniques, and asset allocation strategies; distribution of retirement assets; lifetime giving and estate planning; and analysis of current developments in the creation, conservation, and distribution of estates. Attention also is given to various executive compensation techniques (including restricted stock and stock options) and planning for various employee benefits. The course also covers sophisticated charitable giving techniques and methods for financing education expenses. Readings consist of textbook, case studies, and bulk pack articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING DIVERSITY IN ORG", number:"null", id:"44512", path:"/courses/44512", description:"People in the workplace are constantly interacting with peers, managers, and customers with very different backgrounds and experiences. When harnessed effectively, these differences can be the catalyst for creative breakthroughs and the pathway to team and organizational learning and effectiveness; but when misunderstood, these differences can challenge employees' values, performance, workplace relationships, and team effectiveness. This course is designed to help students navigate diverse organizational settings more effectively and improve their ability to work within and lead diverse teams and organizations. It also offers students the opportunity to develop their critical thinking on topics such as identity, relationships across difference, discrimination and bias, equality, and equity in organizations and society and how they relate to organizational issues of power, privilege, opportunity, inclusion,creativity and innovation and organizational effectiveness. Class sessions will be experiential and discussion-based. Readings, self-reflection, guest speakers from organizations, case studies and a final project will also be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN 21: DESIGN AFTER THE DIGITAL", number:"null", id:"41407", path:"/courses/41407", description:"Last century, the digital revolution transformed every aspect of our lives. It shaped every design discipline and defined the ways we imagine and fabricate anything from images to everyday products to clothing, cars, buildings and megacities. Today, design is going through other technical and conceptual revolutions. We design with biotechnologies, fall in love in Virtual Reality with AI bots, rent our cognitive labor through cryptocurrencies. Our creative capabilities, on the other hand, are bounded by a polluted, over- crowded, and resource-constrained planet that is suffering major income and educational inequality. Design After the Digital interrogates the role of design for this century. The seminar surveys the conceptual and technical developments in the past decade to develop an interdisciplinary understanding of design, science and technology. We will study how new design and fabrication methods shape what eat, what we wear, how we form opinions and express ourselves. The goal will be to develop new literacies of design that will help us acclimate better to the realities of the century as creative and critical citizens who can shape its products and values.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Le Francais dans le Monde/French in the World", number:"null", id:"38647", path:"/courses/38647", description:"Le Francais dans le monde/French in the World provides a survey of the sociolinguistics of the French language in the contemporary world in order to elucidate how societal changes influence the manner and the contexts in which the French language is spoken. Case studies focus on various parts of the Francophone world, including Africa, Southeast Asia, and the Americas. The course considers questions such as the following: What effect does contact with other languages have on the way French is spoken? Which variety (or varieties) of French represents 'good' or standard language use? How do political forces and movements affect the evolution of French? What is the present and future role of the French language in the face of globalization? How are language attitudes similar and different among French-speaking and English-speaking regions of the world? In what ways does the language we speak and the way we speak it shape our identities? Readings and class discussions are in French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO HINDUISM", number:"null", id:"42103", path:"/courses/42103", description:"This course introduces students to the history, texts, philosophies and rituals of South Asia's oldest living religious traditions, represented today by the term 'Hinduism.' At the same time, it problematizes the idea of a monolithic 'Hindu Tradition', in favor of an approach that recognizes several distinct, dynamic, yet symbiotic Hindu religious cultures. The course also places emphasis on the vitality of today's Hinduism(s), and the various historical, ritual, cultural, and social contexts that they represent and constitute. The course is organized around six modules: (1)Issues in the Academic Study of Hinduism; (2) Sanskrit (textual) tradition; (3) Philosophy; (4) Theology; (5) Ritual; and (6) Modernity and Contemporary Politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS ASIAN AMERICAN LIT: RACE & PSYCHOANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35666", path:"/courses/35666", description:"This seminar is an advanced-level topics-based version of ENGL 072, Introduction to Asian American Literature. The intended audience is junior and senior English majors and advanced students in Asian studies, Asian American studies, contemporary U.S. and world history, ethnic studies, urban studies, etc. Typical versions of this seminar will include representations and images of Asians in contemporary U.S. novels and films; Asian American literature by women; Asian American film narrative and film aesthetics; studies in Asian American literature and visual art; Asian American literature and immigration; Asian American literature in the context of the literature of exile and journey; Asian American literature 1929-1945; Asian American literature, 1945 to the present; Anglophone/South Asian literature in England, 1970 to the present; Southeast Asia, Vietnam, and American literature, 1970-1990; etc. Students will typically present research projects and write several long essays.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ROMANTICISM: WORDSWORTH AND COLERIDGE", number:"null", id:"41306", path:"/courses/41306", description:"This course explores an aspect of Romantic literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING CUSTOMER VALUE", number:"null", id:"37563", path:"/courses/37563", description:"As the concept of CRM becomes common parlance for every marketing executive, it is useful to take a step back to better understand the various different behaviors that underlie the development of successful CRM systems. These 'behaviors' include customer-level decisions, firm actions, and the delicate but complex interplay between the two. Accordingly this course is comprised of four main modules. 

We start with the discussion of customer profitability - focusing on the concepts of 'customer lifetime value' and 'customer equity'. We will examine how to measure long-run customer profitability in both business-to-customer and business-to-business environments, and the uses of these measures as major components assessing overall firm valuation. Second, we move to the value that the firm provides to its customers - better understanding the true nature of customer satisfaction and its non-trivial relationship with firm profitability. Third, we examine each of the three main components of the firm's management of its customer base: customer acquisition, development, and retention - and the complex resource allocation task that must be balanced across them. Finally, we conclude with a discussion of various tactical and organizational aspects of customer relationship management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRON. & ENERGY ECON", number:"null", id:"35366", path:"/courses/35366", description:"This course examines environmental and energy issues from an economist's perspective. Over the last several decades, energy markets have become some of the most dynamic markets of the world economy, as they experienced a shift from heavy regulation to market-driven incentives. First, we look at scarcity pricing and market power in electricity and gasoline markets. We then study oil and gas markets, with an emphasis on optimal extraction and pricing, and geopolitical risks that investors in hydrocarbon resources face. we then shift gears to the sources of environmental problems (many of which are energy-related), and how policy makers can intervene to solve some of these problems. We talk about the economic rationale for a broad range of possible policies: environmental taxes, subsidies, performance standards and cap-and-trade. In doing so, we discuss fundamental concepts in environmental economics, such as externalities, valuation of the environment and the challenge of designing international agreements. At the end of the course, there will be special attention for the economics and finance of renewable energy and policies to foster its growth. Finally, we discuss the transportaiton sector, and analyze heavily debated policies such as fuel-economy standards and subsidies for green vehicles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"38643", path:"/courses/38643", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve speaking and writing skills by offering extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It will also help students better understand contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression. The content is organized around current events and the themes of identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). Students will practice oral skills in a variety of ways, including video blogs and group presentations on selected current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45111", path:"/courses/45111", description:"This course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the structure of tissues at the cellular level and to the way in which those tissues are assembled into organs. This knowledge of structure will be the basis for discussion of tissue and organ function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAG&OPT THEORY I", number:"null", id:"41365", path:"/courses/41365", description:"This course reviews electrostatics, magnetostatics, electric and magnetic materials, induction, Maxwell's equations, potentials and boundary-value problems. Topics selected from the areas of wave propagation, wave guidance, antennas, and diffraction will be explored with the goal of equipping students to read current research literature in electromagnetics, microwaves, and optics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AMERICAN ART: Reinstalling the American Galleries at the PMA", number:"null", id:"40979", path:"/courses/40979", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44195", path:"/courses/44195", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. We will address different phases of a company's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 383 is a half semester course offered in Q3 during the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"36381", path:"/courses/36381", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to comparative political analysis. How can the political behavior, circumstances, institutions, and dynamic patterns of change that people experience in very different societies be analyzed using the same set of concepts and theories? Key themes include nationalism, political culture, democratization, authoritarianism, and the nature of protracted conflict.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Murdering the Past: Women's Narrative in Post-Franco Spain", number:"null", id:"36548", path:"/courses/36548", description:"Topics vary. See the Romance Languages Department's website at http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Geotechnical Science", number:"null", id:"37247", path:"/courses/37247", description:"Open to architectural and engineering majors as well as Ben Franklin Scholars. Field trips. Relations of rocks, rock structures, soils, ground water, and geologic agents to architectural, engineering, and land-use problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MILITARY MEDICINE & TECH", number:"null", id:"38775", path:"/courses/38775", description:"War and its effects on the human body are brutal; the carnage of the battlefield and the conditions of camp life have presented special challenges to medicine throughout history. People and governments have sought to quell carnage and deter war through the development of ever-more-lethal technologies, though, in the end, they mostly created more spectacular ways of maiming flesh. But the significance of medicine and technology in a military context extends well beyond the injuries and illnesses of war. Looking more closely at the ways in which engineers, physicians, inventors, military officers, soldiers, and civilians have interacted with each other both in war and in peace reveals much about the political, cultural, and disciplinary formation of military medicine and technology in the modern era. This seminar surveys the history of medicine, technology, nursing, innovation, and public health as they are conducted in a military context, exploring the ways in which the practices, theories, tools and imagined needs of the military have played, and continue to play, a prominent role in conceptualizations of warfare morality, the body, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANTS AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"39530", path:"/courses/39530", description:"Interactions between humans and the living landscape around us have played - and continue to play - a fundamental role in shaping our worldview. This course is designed to introduce students to the diverse ways in which humans interact with plants. We will focus on the integration of ethnographic information and archaeological case studies in order to understand the range of interactions between humans and plants, as well as how plants and people have profoundly changed one another. Topics will include the origins of agriculture; cooking and plant processing; human health and the world of ethnomedicine; and poisonous and psychoactive plants. We will examine ancient plant material firsthand at the Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials (CAAM) and will handle botanical ecofacts from the Penn Museum's collections. Students will also carry out a substantial research project focused on an archaeological culture and plant species of their own interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"42996", path:"/courses/42996", description:"A first-semester elementary language course for students who have never studied Italian or who have had very little exposure to the language. Students who have previously studied Italian are required to take the placement test. Class work emphasizes the development of spontaneous discourse skills and interactional competence. Out-of-class homework required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS RACE & ETHNICITY: 20TH-C SOUTHERN WRITERS", number:"null", id:"35669", path:"/courses/35669", description:"This course explores an aspect of race and ethnicity intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPD THEORIES/METHODS I", number:"null", id:"37378", path:"/courses/37378", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHUG RESEARCH SCHOLARS: Wharton Research Scholars", number:"null", id:"43613", path:"/courses/43613", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOL SIGNALS & SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43062", path:"/courses/43062", description:"A hands-on signal and image processing course for non-EE graduate students needing these skills. We will go through all the fundamentals of signal and image processing using computer exercises developed in MATLAB. Examples will be drawn from speech analysis and synthesis, computer vision, and biological modeling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ETHICS: SEX AND LOVE", number:"null", id:"36330", path:"/courses/36330", description:"What is love? Are there different kinds of love? Why does society prize romantic love so much? What counts as a sexual act? Is all consensual sex permissible? What information do you need to consent to a sexual act? Is consent to sexual acts constrained by different considerations than consent of other kinds (e.g. to a medical procedure)? What is the difference between coercion and convincing someone into a sexual act? What is gender? Does gender affect consent? In this course we will be attempting to answer questions like these, looking at authors from Plato to Nussbaum to Archard.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"35445", path:"/courses/35445", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course should be taken concurrently with Chem 242.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ISLAM", number:"null", id:"43445", path:"/courses/43445", description:"This course is an introduction to Islam as a religion as it exists in societies of the past as well as the present. It explores the many ways in which Muslims have interpreted and put into practice the prophetic message of Muhammad through historical and social analyses of varying theological, philosophical, legal, political, mystical and literary writings, as well as through visual art and music. The aim of the course is to develop a framework for explaining the sources and symbols through which specific experiences and understandings have been signified as Islamic, both by Muslims and by other peoples with whom they have come into contact, with particular emphasis given to issues of gender, religious violence and changes in beliefs and behaviors which have special relevance for contemporary society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL-ORGANIC CHEM", number:"null", id:"35450", path:"/courses/35450", description:"Applications of frontier molecular orbital theory to the study of the structure, bonding and reactivity of organic compounds. Topics discussed will include thermochemistry, symmetry, pi electron theory, aromaticity, pericyclic reactions and fragment molecular orbital theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM, CULT & REVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"42595", path:"/courses/42595", description:"This seminar explores revolutionary communication and cultural expression. Looking at the ongoing Arab uprisings in comparative perspective, we will examine modalities of communication through which revolutionaries express themselves, describe and attack incumbent dictators and other opponents, call for new social solidarities, and construct revolutionary political identities. Revolutionary contexts are considered as battlegrounds where multiple narratives contend for visibility. We will explore relevant debates and polemics, historical and contemporary, concerning the political impact of technology and the role of gender and sexuality in revolutionary politics. We will focus on social media, political humor, graffiti, and the human body as instruments of communication. The overall approach of the seminar is theoretical, critical and transnational.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"39656", path:"/courses/39656", description:"A general laboratory course covering aspects of qualitative and quantitative analysis, determination of chemical and physical properties, and chemical synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABCS CHEMISTRY OUTREACH", number:"null", id:"38255", path:"/courses/38255", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"44396", path:"/courses/44396", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. A continuation of the material offered in KORN 481: Advanced Business Korean I. Students continue to closely follow the current topics of business and financial markets of Korea by actively participating in discussions, research, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN ETHNOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"36609", path:"/courses/36609", description:"Using Philadelphia as the site of students' praxis, this course explores the symbolic meanings and social production of urban life and culture in the nation's fifth largest city. This course is structured as a seminar with ethnographic background readings from Philadelphia and other urban settings to introduce students to the study of the city as a site of everyday practice, as well as training in conducting an ethnographic fieldwork project. The urban landscape provides an intensification of macro processes such as globalization. Such processes and how humans experience them are more easily studied and understood in an urban setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW I", number:"null", id:"44294", path:"/courses/44294", description:"An introduction to the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew. This course assumes no previous knowledge of Hebrew. A grade of B- or higher is needed to proceed to HEBR 052, Elementary Modern Hebrew II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF LIGHTING", number:"null", id:"40757", path:"/courses/40757", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of the art and craft of Stage Lighting Design. As a craft we will examine mechanics and technology of lighting design including light sources, power distribution, optics, and control. As an art we will explore how lighting ties together all the visual elements of a production and helps create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics include: what light is, what it does, and how light influences our perception and understanding of what we see. Exercises will help the student learn how to see and to understand how light shapes and affects the appearance people and objects on stage and in everyday life. Projects work will emphasize design theory and practice (design methods, script analysis, and drafting skills). Lighting design has it roots in the theatre. The theatre continues to be a prime training ground for lighting designers, no matter what their field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Globalization, Regime Change, and Inclusion", number:"null", id:"44827", path:"/courses/44827", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Leadership & Democracy; Conservative Regimes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCULPTURE PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"39955", path:"/courses/39955", description:"As an introduction to traditional and contemporary three-dimensional practice, this course is concerned with the concepts and methodologies surrounding three-dimensional art making in our time. Students experiment with a variety of modes of production, and develop some of the fundamental techniques used in sculpture. In addition to these investigations, assignments relative to the history and social impact of these practices are reinforced through readings and group discussion. Processes covered include use of the Fab Lab, wood construction, clay, paper, mixed media, and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEG COMP-AIDED DESIGN", number:"null", id:"35974", path:"/courses/35974", description:"The majority of today's engineered products move through an advanced computer-aided workflow which greatly speeds design and process time. This course will explore the fundamental components of this workflow through a combination of lectures, hands-on exercises, and a semester design project. General course topics include: fundamental design principles, project definition and needfinding, advanced computer-aided design, rapid prototyping techniques, computer-controlled machining, and an in-depth exploration of the modern analysis and simulation tools that have revolutionized the way in which products are designed. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS, ARCHAEOLOGY & CULTURAL HERITAGE", number:"null", id:"36740", path:"/courses/36740", description:"This seminar will explore some of the most important issues that are now a central part of archaeological, anthropological and historical research throughout the world. The identification and control of cultural heritage is a central part of the framework for research within other communities. Issues for this course will also include cultural identity, human rights, repatriation, colonialism, working with communities and many other topics. Field research today must be based upon a new series of ethical standards that will be discussed and examined within this class. Major topics include: cultural heritage - definitions and constructs, cosmopolitanism and collecting, archaeology and looting, cultural heritage preservation, museums - universal and national, museum acquisition policies, cultural identity, international conventions (including underwater issues), national laws of ownership, community based development, cultural tourism, development models, and human rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"37100", path:"/courses/37100", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the field of engineering. It will expose students to the engineering disciplines through hands-on laboratory experiences. In addition, the course will provide tutorials on how to use important software packages as well as a 'Professional Preparation' module through studies of communication (writing and speaking skills), ethics, leadership and teamwork. This course is ideal for any freshman interested in exploring the possibility of studying engineering at Penn. The course counts as as a engineering requirement in SEAS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF THE UNIVERSE", number:"null", id:"35337", path:"/courses/35337", description:"A general survey, designed for the non-major, of the facts and theories of the astronomical universe, from solar system, to stars, to galaxies and cosmology. Topics include planets, satellites, small objects in the solar system, and extraterrestrial life; stars, their evolution, and their final state as white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes; galaxies, quasars, large structures, background radiation, and big bang cosmology. Elementary algebra and geometry will be used. This course is not recommended for physical-science majors or engineering students. Engineering students receive no credit for this course. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"38317", path:"/courses/38317", description:"How do you optimally encode a text file? How do you find shortest paths in a map? How do you design a communication network? How do you route data in a network? What are the limits of efficient computation? This course gives a comprehensive introduction to design and analysis of algorithms, and answers along the way to these and many other interesting computational questions. You will learn about problem-solving; advanced data structures such as universal hashing and red-black trees; advanced design and analysis techniques such as dynamic programming and amortized analysis; graph algorithms such as minimum spanning trees and network flows; NP-completeness theory; and approximation algorithms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP VERT ANATOMY & EVOL", number:"null", id:"38224", path:"/courses/38224", description:"This course will survey the phylogeny and anatomy of vertebrate organisms from a comparative evolutionary perspective. The lecture will concentrate on the history, diversity, structure and function of vertebrates. A companion lab course, BIOL 336, is available for those students interested in a more complete understanding of vertebrate anatomy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39717", path:"/courses/39717", description:"The goal of this course is to teach you how a computer really works. We begin by discussing transistors, the basic switching elements that constitute modern computers. We then describe how these transistors can be aggregated into more complex units like gates and ALUs and ultimately datapaths that perform computation. Once we have described how we can build a computer we will move on to talking about assembly language and how the computer is programmed at the lowest level. We will spend the second half of the course talking about the C programming language and how the features of this language are mapped onto the lower level assembly constructs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS IV", number:"null", id:"38878", path:"/courses/38878", description:"Partial differential equations and their solutions, including solutions of the wave, heat and Laplace equations, and Sturm-Liouville problems. Introduction to Fourier series and Fourier transforms. Computation of solutions, modeling using PDE's, geometric intuition, and qualitative understanding of the evolution of systems according to the type of partial differential operator.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO THE QUR'AN", number:"null", id:"41815", path:"/courses/41815", description:"The goal of this course is to provide students with a general introduction to the holy scripture of the religion of Islam, the Qur'an. In particular, students will become familiar with various aspects of Qur'anic content and style, the significance of the Qur'an in Islamic tradition and religious practice, scholarly debates about the history of its text, and contemporary interpretations of it. Through close readings of a wide range of passages and short research assignments, students will gain first-hand knowledge of the Qur'an's treatment of prophecy, law, the Biblical tradition, and many other topics. No previous background in Islamic studies or Arabic language is required for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR CLASSICAL CHIN I", number:"null", id:"41115", path:"/courses/41115", description:"Introduction to the classical written language, beginning with Shadick, First Course in Literary Chinese. Students with a background in Japanese, Korean, Cantonese, Taiwanese, and other East Asian languages are welcome; it is not necessary to know Mandarin. The course begins from scratch, and swiftly but rigorously develops the ability to read a wide variety of classical and semi-classical styles. Original texts from the 6th century BC to the 20th century AD are studied. This course is taught in English and there are no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROCEDURAL COMP GRAPHICS", number:"null", id:"43926", path:"/courses/43926", description:"Sprawling cities, dense vegetation, infinite worlds - procedural graphics empower technical artists to quickly create complex digital assets that would otherwise be unfeasible. This course is intended to introduce the mathematical and algorithmic foundations of procedural modeling and animation techniques, and to offer hands-on experience designing and implementing visual recipes in original graphics projects by applying these methods. Students should have a strong interest in both the creative and technical aspects of computer graphics, as well as a solid programming background.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PLAY", number:"null", id:"43571", path:"/courses/43571", description:"How does one read a play? Theatre, as a discipline, focuses on the traditions of live performance. In those traditions, a play text must be read not only as a piece of literature, but as a kind of 'blueprint' from which productions are built. This course will introduce students to a variety of approaches to reading plays and performance pieces. Drawing on a wide range of dramatic texts from different periods and places, we will examine how plays are made, considering issues such as structure, genre, style, character, and language, as well as the use of time, space, and theatrical effects. Although the course is devoted to the reading and analysis of plays, we will also view selected live and/or filmed versions of several of the scripts we study, assessing their translation from page to stage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING INVESTIGATIONS", number:"null", id:"41376", path:"/courses/41376", description:"Drawing is a fundamental means of visualization and a hub for thinking, constructing, and engaging in a wide variety of creative activities and problemsolving. This studio class explores drawing in both its traditional and contemporary forms. The projects are designed to help students in all disciplines find ways express and clarify their ideas through the process of drawing. The semester begins with the refinement of perceptual skills acquired in Drawing I, while encouraging experimentation through the introduction of color, abstract agendas, conceptual problem solving, and collaborative exercises, as well as new materials, techniques and large format drawings. Particular attention is given to ways to conduct visual research in the development of personal imagery. Assignments are thematic or conceptually based with ample opportunity for individual approaches to media, subject, scale and process. The goal is to strengthen facility, develop clarity in intent and expand expression. Attention is paid to the development of perceptual sensitivity, methods of imagage construction, and the processes of synthesis and transformation in order tocommunicate ideas through visual means. Recommended for students in all areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43135", path:"/courses/43135", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GALAXIES:STRUCTURE&FORMA", number:"null", id:"36778", path:"/courses/36778", description:"Galactic structure and dynamics. Observed scaling relations. Models and observations of galaxy formation and evolution. Enrollment restricted to graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOSTOEVSKY", number:"null", id:"40652", path:"/courses/40652", description:"This course explores the ways Fyodor Dostoevsky (1821-1881) portrays the 'inner world(s)' of his characters. Dostoevsky's psychological method will be considered against the historical, ideological, and literary contexts of middle to late nineteenth-century Russia. The course consists of three parts External World (the contexts of Dostoevsky), 'Inside' Dostoevsky's World (the author's technique and ideas) and The World of Text (close reading of Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov). Students will write three essays on various aspects of Dostoevsky's 'spiritual realism.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATHEMAT METHODS OF PHYS", number:"null", id:"37776", path:"/courses/37776", description:"A discussion of those concepts and techniques of classical analysis employed inphysical theories. Topics include complex analysis. Fourier series and transforms, ordinary and partial equations, Hilbert spaces, among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY THEORY", number:"null", id:"35634", path:"/courses/35634", description:"This course introduces students to major issues in the history of literary theory, and provides an excellent foundation for the English major or minor. Treating the work of Plato and Aristotle as well as contemporary criticism, we will consider the fundamental issues that arise from representation, making meaning, appropriation and adaptation, categorization and genre, historicity and genealogy, and historicity and temporality. We will consider major movements in the history of theory including the 'New' Criticism of the 1920's and 30's, structuralism and post-structuralism, Marxism and psychoanalysis, feminism, cultural studies, critical race theory, and queer theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF TAIWAN", number:"null", id:"38757", path:"/courses/38757", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBED SYS/MICROCONT LAB", number:"null", id:"35711", path:"/courses/35711", description:"An introduction to interfacing real-world sensors and actuators to embedded microprocessor systems. Concepts needed for building electronic systems for real-time operation and user interaction, such as digital input/outputs, interrupt service routines, serial communications, and analog-to-digital conversion will be covered. The course will conclude with a final project where student-designed projects are featured in presentations and demonstrations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"35493", path:"/courses/35493", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED REG & ANALY VAR", number:"null", id:"42175", path:"/courses/42175", description:"An applied graduate level course in multiple regression and analysis of variance for students who have completed an undergraduate course in basic statistical methods. Emphasis is on practical methods of data analysis and their interpretation. Covers model building, general linear hypothesis, residual analysis, leverage and influence, one-way anova, two-way anova, factorial anova. Primarily for doctoral students in the managerial, behavioral, social and health sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"41094", path:"/courses/41094", description:"A detailed treatment of the theory and application of modern physical methods for the elucidation of structure and mechanism in inorganic and organometallic chemistry. An introduction to symmetry and group theory is followed by the application of these concepts to vibrational and electronic spectroscopy of inorganic complexes. Magnetic resonance is discussed in detail, including topics such as EPR, fourier transform methods, dynamic systems, and 2-dimensional NMR.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF HOUSING & URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"40786", path:"/courses/40786", description:"This course offers an exploration of how legislative action, government policymaking, and citizen advocacy influence plans for the investment of public capital in distressed urban neighborhoods. Course topics this semester will include an evaluation of the results of City of Philadelphia development policies under the administration of Mayor Michael A. Nutter, an assessment of a large-scale property acquisition and development strategy being implemented by the Philadelphia Housing Authority in North Philadelphia, and a review of recent and current reinvestment plans for Camden's waterfront and downtown-area neighborhoods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN CHEM LAB II", number:"null", id:"36863", path:"/courses/36863", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG/SCRIPT/SOC IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"41226", path:"/courses/41226", description:"The Chinese writing system is the only major surviving script in the world that is partially picto-ideographic, Egyptian hieroglyphic and Sumero-Akkadian cuneiform having passed out of use about two millennia ago. Partly because it is so unique, a tremendous number of myths have grown up around the Chinese script. In an attempt to understand how they really function, this seminar will examine the nature of the sinographs and their relationship to spoken Sinitic languages, as well as their implications for society and culture. We will also discuss the artistic and technological aspects of the Chinese characters and the ongoing efforts to reform and simplify them. The use of sinographs in other East Asian countries than China will be taken into account. There are no prerequisites for this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39142", path:"/courses/39142", description:"Ethics is the study of right and wrong behavior. This introductory course will introduce students to major ethical theories, the possible sources of normativity, and specific ethical problems and questions. Topics may include euthanasia, abortion, animal rights, the family, sexuality, bioethics, crime and punishment and war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: POETRY", number:"null", id:"38821", path:"/courses/38821", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 203 or equivalent (such as placement score of 600). Continuous reading of several Latin authors in poetry (e.g., Ovid, Virgil, Horace) as well as some more complex prose, in combination with ongoing review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss language and interpretation. Note: Completion of Latin 204 with C- or higher fulfills Penn's Foreign Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH & ENG IN MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"35344", path:"/courses/35344", description:"The course is appropriate for engineering and science majors and premeds. This course will provide an examination of technology and its impact on medicine with an emphasis on the intersection of engineering with medicine and health. Modules will focus on specific technological advances as a basis for the discussion. Planned topics change from yea r to year and include, for example, cochlear implants and visual sensory rehabilitative devices. The course includes homework and reading assignments. Every student presents a paper on a relevant biomedical technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38082", path:"/courses/38082", description:"An introduction to the history, concepts, and methods of the anthropological study of pre-historic and historic peoples using archaeological illustrations to indicate the relationship of archaeological interpretations with cultural and physical anthropology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECHANICS LAB", number:"null", id:"41699", path:"/courses/41699", description:"This half-credit laboratory class is a companion to the Introduction to Mechanics lecture course (MEAM 110). It investigates the concepts of Newtonian (classical) mechanics through weekly hands-on experiments, emphasizing connections between theoretical principles and practical applications in engineering. In addition to furthering their understanding about the workings of the physical world, students will improve their skills at conducting experiments, obtaining reliable data, presenting numerical results, and extracting meaningful information from such numbers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"J W SCHOLAR SR RES SEM", number:"null", id:"45050", path:"/courses/45050", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"42538", path:"/courses/42538", description:"How do you optimally encode a text file? How do you find shortest paths in a map? How do you design a communication network? How do you route data in a network? What are the limits of efficient computation? This course gives a comprehensive introduction to design and analysis of algorithms, and answers along the way to these and many other interesting computational questions. You will learn about problem-solving; advanced data structures such as universal hashing and red-black trees; advanced design and analysis techniques such as dynamic programming and amortized analysis; graph algorithms such as minimum spanning trees and network flows; NP-completeness theory; and approximation algorithms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAD TASTE", number:"null", id:"37260", path:"/courses/37260", description:"'Beauty is not a quality inherent to things: it only exists in the mind of the beholder.' (David Hume) 'Taste classifies, and it classifies the classifier.' (Pierre Bourdieu) 'Kitsch causes two tears to flow in quick succession. The first tear says: How nice to see children on the grass. The second tear says: How nice to be moved, together with all mankind, by children running on the grass! The second tear makes kitsch kitsch.' (Milan Kundera) 

Most of us can recognize bad taste as soon as we see it: Harlequin romances, Elvis on black velvet, lawn ornaments. But bad taste also has a history, and kitsch has been identified as a peculiarly modern invention related to capitalism and consumerism. Beginning with a discussion of taste in the eighteenth century (Hume, Kant), we will investigate under what conditions good taste can go bad, for example when it is the object of mass reproduction, and, on the other hand, why bad taste in recent times has increasingly been recuperated as an art form. Categories such as the cute, the sentimental, the miniature, kitsch, and camp will be explored. We will also ask what forms of ideological work have been done by this brand of aesthetics, for example in the connection between politics and kitsch, feminity and the low-brow, or camp and queer identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND EVERYDAY LIFE IN COLONIAL SPANISH AMERICA", number:"null", id:"43530", path:"/courses/43530", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KANT'S CRITICAL PROJECT", number:"null", id:"41965", path:"/courses/41965", description:"A study of selected topics, texts, and figures from 17th and 18th century European philosophy. Figures studied may include Descartes, Leibniz,Locke, Berkley, Hume, or Kant. Topics will vary from term to term.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL METHODS PSCI", number:"null", id:"36407", path:"/courses/36407", description:"The goal of this class is to expose students to the process by which quantitative political science research is conducted. The class will take us down three separate, but related tracks. Track one will teach some basic tools necessary to conduct quantitative political science research. Topics covered will include descriptive statistics, sampling, probability and statistical theory, and regression analysis. However, conducting empirical research requires that we actually be able to apply these tools. Thus, track two will teach how to implement some of these basic tools using the computer program Stata. However, if we want to implement these tools, we also need to be able to develop hypotheses that we want to test. Thus, track three will teach some basics in research design. Topics will include independent and dependent variables, generating testable hypotheses, and issues in causality. Students are expected to have one semester of Calculus or permission of instructor. The class satisfies the College of Arts and Science Quantitative Data Analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILO PROB JOURN", number:"null", id:"38368", path:"/courses/38368", description:"An exploration of the relationship between journalism and philosophy by examining particular issues in epistenmology, political philosophy, ethics, and aesthetics. Among likely topics: the concept of a 'fact'; the role of the press in the state; whether journalists (like doctors and lawyers) opperate according to a specialized 'professional' ethics; and the limits of journalism as a literary or visual genre. Course reading will include philosophical texts, breaking print journalism, and blogs that specialize in media issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLACES OF MEMORY", number:"null", id:"41509", path:"/courses/41509", description:"What is culture? What is German? Where are the borders between German, Austrian and Swiss culture? What is part of the 'cultural canon'? Who decides and what role does memory play? Relying on the theory of collective memory (Halbwachs) and the concept of 'places of memory' (Erinnerungsorte; Nora, Francois/Schulze) and with reference to examplary scholarly and literary texts, debates, songs, films, documents, and paintings from high and pop culture, this course will weave a mosaic of that which (also) constitutes German or German-language culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"37251", path:"/courses/37251", description:"This course provides a comprehensive introduction to theory and applications of chemistry in the earth and environmental sciences. Theory covered will include atomic structure, chemical bonding, cosmic abundances, nucleosynthesis,radioactive decay, dating of geological materials, stable isotopes, acid-base equilibria, salts and solutions, and oxidation-reduction reactions. Applications will emphasize oceanography, atmospheric sciences and environmental chemistry, as well as other topics depending on the interests of the class. Although we will review the basics, this course is intended to supplement, rather than to replace, courses offered in the Department of Chemistry. It is appropriate for advanced undergraduate as well as graduate students in Geology, Environmental Science, Chemistry and other sciences, who wish to have a better understanding of these important chemical processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DYNAMIC SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"37126", path:"/courses/37126", description:"This first course in systems modelling covers linear and nonlinear systems in both continuous and discrete time. Topics covered include linearization and stability analysis, elementary bifurcations, and an introduction to chaotic dynamics. Extensive applications to mechanical, electrical, biological, social, and economic/financial systems are included. The course will use both analytical andnumerical/symbolic tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"43300", path:"/courses/43300", description:"Conducting business in a networked economy invariably involves interplay with technology. The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of technology (what it can or cannot enable) and the business drivers of technology-related decisions in firms. We will be discussing some of the new and most disruptive technologies right now to stimulate thought on new applications for commerce and new ventures, as well as their implications to the tech industry as a whole. Topics include social media, online advertising, big data, and cloud computing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"35983", path:"/courses/35983", description:"In Italian 202 (formerly 205), students will perfect their communication skills to function in the formal register appropriate for an academic setting, while continuing to explore significant aspects of contemporary Italian culture and history. Students will take futher steps towards being able to understand in depth and to contextualize authentic Italian documents. Texts like films, songs, and a variety of readings, will be used as windows on particular historical periods, cultural movements, political issues, and social customs. They will serve as a tool to investigate the many facets of Italian identity and, at the same time, as a way to prepare those students who will continue their study of Italian literature and culture in higher-level courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS AFRICAN-AMERICAN LITERATURE?", number:"null", id:"38448", path:"/courses/38448", description:"An introduction to African-American literature, typically ranging across a wide spectrum of moments, methodologies, and ideological postures, from Reconstruction and the Harlem Reanaissance to the Civil Rights Movement. Most versions of this course will begin in the 19th century; some versions of the course will concentrate only on the modern period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRITISH MODERNISM: WAR, FORM, AND THEORY", number:"null", id:"35684", path:"/courses/35684", description:"An introduction to British Literary Modernism. Specific emphasis will depend on instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIEVAL LITERATURE: Intro to Medieval French Literature: Love, Gender, Heroism", number:"null", id:"42857", path:"/courses/42857", description:"An introductory course to the literature of the French Middle Ages. French literature began in the 11th and 12th centuries. This course examines the extraordinary period during which the French literary tradition was first established by looking at a number of key generative themes: Identity, Heroism, Love, Gender. All readings and discussions in French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TAMIL I", number:"null", id:"37974", path:"/courses/37974", description:"This course introduces students to colloquial Tamil and formal written Tamil. A balance between production skills, viz. writing and speaking, and comprehension skills, viz. reading and listening, will be maintained throughout the course. Reading materials will introduce students to customs and habits of the Tamil speakers in Tamil Nadu, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, and Singapore. Lessons in the class will be based on a set of Tamil learning software made available at the MMETS Server. This software will be customized to the needs of students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPAN:AGE OF THE SAMURAI", number:"null", id:"43989", path:"/courses/43989", description:"Who (or what) where the samurai? What does it mean to say that Japan had an 'Age of the Samurai'? In popular imagination, pre-modern Japan has long been associated with its hereditary warrior class. Countless movies have explored the character and martial prowess of these men. Yet warriors constituted but a tiny portion of the societies they inhabited and ruled, and historians researching medieval Japan have turned their attentions to a great range of subjects and to other classes (elite and commoner alike). This class is designed to acquaint students with the complex and diverse centuries that have been called the 'Age of the Samurai'-roughly, the years between ca. 1110 and 1850. In the course of the semester, we will explore the central themes in the historiography of warrior society, while introducing some of the defining texts that have shaped our imagination of this age (from laws to epic poems, from codes of conduct to autobiographies).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SILICON GARAGE", number:"null", id:"44121", path:"/courses/44121", description:"Project-centric learning course for non-ESE majors on microprocessor control of physical systems using open-source hardware and software platforms. Students will work in teams to develop software controlled systems based on the Arduino and Raspberry-Pi that interface with the real world (sensors, actuators, motors) and each other (networking).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"36000", path:"/courses/36000", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 111. The second course expands student's competence by dealing with more functions in varous contexts that students can frequently encounter in everyday interactions. In order to prepare students for social contexts, students are encouraged to engage in conversations by personalizing the topics, functions or contexts. Students will perform in an interpersonal way by providing and obtaining information, expressing feelings and emotions, and exchanging opinions on a variety of topics such as birthday parties, recreation and hobbies, Korean holidays, marriage, cultural differences, education and jobs. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"41403", path:"/courses/41403", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVT'L MGMT LAW & POL", number:"null", id:"38844", path:"/courses/38844", description:"This course provides an introduction to environmental management with a focus on law and policy as a basic framework. The primary aim of the course is to give students a deeper practical sense of the important relationship between business and the natural environment and to think critically about how best to manage this relationship.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"37188", path:"/courses/37188", description:"This is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad. During the spring semester there are honors sections of FNCE 101 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING HUMAN", number:"null", id:"36716", path:"/courses/36716", description:"Human evolutionary studies is a composite product of the fieldwork of both Paleolithic archaeology and human paleontology (or what we refer to as 'stones and bones'). This marriage of two subdisciplines of anthropology produces a unique set of data that is intellectually managed and driven by theories within anthropology as a whole and even beyond -- to fields such as biology, psychology, and primate ethology, as we try to understand the origins of language, culture, and our unique physical characteristics. In this course, we will jointly discuss and debate the actual evidence of human evolution, describing what the actual evidence is and exploring how far can we take these interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Native American Spirituality, Health, and Contemporary Concerns", number:"null", id:"36464", path:"/courses/36464", description:"Spring 2014 Topic: 'Native American Spirituality, Health, and Contemporary Concerns' will focus on traditional and contemporary conceptions of Health in four Native American communities-- Lakota or Sioux, Navajo or Dine, Cherokee, and Ojibwe or Anishinaabe. The methodology will be interdisciplinary, drawing upon writings from the fields of health care, anthropology, literature, history, film studies, and religious studies. Students will learn about the the complex interrelationships between traditional knowledge systems' and modern, western conceptions of 'medicine.' Some examples of this include the Lakota Ghost Dance, Navajo sand paintings, Cherokee protocols regarding sacred knowledge, and Anishinaabe herbal medicine. The readings will include anthropological studies of these forms of 'medicine,' a history of Indian Health Services, first hand accounts of a female Navajo doctor trained in western medicine who then returned home to practice on the Navajo reservation, studies of historical trauma resulting from the massacre of Lakota at Wounded Knee, and contemporary studies of health care on Indian reservations. Students will be evaluated on the basis of in-class presentations and two research papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"35714", path:"/courses/35714", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the coure will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RTNALITY, MORALITY & LAW: RATIONALITY", number:"null", id:"39170", path:"/courses/39170", description:"This class will be dedicated to investigating topics related to rationality in its many forms. Potential areas of study are metaethics, epistemology, moral psychology, and the philosophies of mind, language and action. UNDERGRADUATES NEED PERMISSION.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"42530", path:"/courses/42530", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BOOKS THAT CHANGED MODERN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"37330", path:"/courses/37330", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"35520", path:"/courses/35520", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department. Students in SEAS graduate programs such as EE, TCOM, BIOT, MEAM , & MSE, as well as students outside SEAS, such as those in Cell & Molecular Biology (CAMB) and Genomics & Computational Biology (GCB) in the Medical School, as well as graduate students from other disciplines in the University will find this course useful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CULTURAL ANTHRO: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"39509", path:"/courses/39509", description:"An introduction to the study of culture and human institutions, how they change, and their role in both literate and nonliterate societies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK & ROMAN MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35526", path:"/courses/35526", description:"Myths are traditional stories that have endured many years. Some of them have to do with events of great importance, such as the founding of a nation. Others tell the stories of great heroes and heroines and their exploits and courage in the face of adversity. Still others are simple tales about otherwise unremarkable people who get into trouble or do some great deed. What are we to make of all these tales, and why do people seem to like to hear them? This course will focus on the myths of ancient Greece and Rome, as well as a few contemporary American ones, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations. We will also pay some attention to the way the Greeks and Romans themselves understood their own myths. Are myths subtle codes that contain some universal truth? Are they a window on the deep recesses of a particular culture? Are they entertaining stories that people like to tell over and over? Are they a set of blinders that all of us wear, though we do not realize it? Investigate these questions through a variety of topics creation of the universe between gods and mortals, religion and family, sex, love, madness, and death.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAVASCRIPT", number:"null", id:"38312", path:"/courses/38312", description:"This course provides an introduction to modern web development frameworks, techniques, and practices used to deliver robust client side applications on the web. The emphasis will be on developing JavaScript programs that run in the browser. Topics covered include the JavaScript language, web browser internals, the Document Object Model (DOM), HTML5, client-side app architecture and compile-to-JS languages like (Coffeescript, TypeScript, etc.). This course is most useful for students who have some programming and web development experience and want to develop moderate JavaScript skills to be able to build complex, interactive applications in the browser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF PHYSICS", number:"null", id:"41964", path:"/courses/41964", description:"The aim of this course is to explore the relationships between philosophy and physics, with a focus on prominent foundational issues in modern physics. The course is organized around four main areas. In the first part, we focus on the philosophy and (classical and relativistic) structure of space and time, including the proliferations of physical geometries (Lobachevskian and Riemannian) ofcurved space time. Are space and time real? If so, what kind of entities are they? Metaphysically, we have a choice between presentism and eternalism, and regarding the nature of physical objects in space-tme, there is a choice between endurantism and perdurantism. Is time travel possible? In the second part, we concentrate on the basic metaphysical and epistemological questions posed by physics: causality, determinism, randomnes, and the nature of physical laws. How is cause conveyed from one physical body to another? Are the laws of physics true? In the third part, we turn to the principal philosophical issues raised by quantum physics: structural realism and the interpretations of quantum mechanics, non-locality and Bell's theorem, the infamous Schrodinger cat paradox, hidden variables, and quantum measurement. What is primary -- particles or waves? Finally in the fourth part, we investigate the metaphysics underlying Big Bang and Ekpyrotic", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHROMOSOMES & CELL CYCLE", number:"null", id:"38236", path:"/courses/38236", description:"Life depends on the propagation of genetic material from one generation to the next through cycles of genome replication and cell division. The genome is copied by the parent, and one exact copy is inherited by each daughter cell. We will treat chromosomes as discrete entities, rather than collections of genes, that are replicated and divided with high fidelity to ensure that the genome remains stable over many generations. By reading selected primary literature covering several decades, we will build an understanding of the cell cycle by focusing on chromosomes and the associated molecular machinery. We will explore mechanisms that underlie replication and division, particularly control mechanisms that maintain genome integrity and are critical to prevent disease. The goal of the course is to develop a picture of the cell cycle by examining some of the key experiments and insights that have led to our current understanding.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"38939", path:"/courses/38939", description:"MGMT801 is the foundation course in the Entrepreneurial Management program. Thepurpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth. While most of the examples in class will be drawn from new venture formation, the principles also apply to entrepreneurship in corporate settings and to non-profit entrepreneurship. We will be concerned with content and process questions as well as with formulation and implementation issues that relate to conceptualizing, developing and managing successful new ventures. The emphasis in this course is on applying and synthesizing concepts and techniques from functional areas of strategic management, finance, accounting, managerial economics, marketing, operations management, and organizational behavior in the context of new venture development. The class serves as both a stand alone class and as a preparatory course to those interested in writing and implementing a business plan (the subject of the semester-long course, MGMT 806). Course is offered in Fall/Q1, Q2 and Spring/Q3, Q4", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"39117", path:"/courses/39117", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"41450", path:"/courses/41450", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHROPOLOGY OF MUSEUMS", number:"null", id:"40934", path:"/courses/40934", description:"This course examines museums as sites where issues of Indigenous identity, memory, place and power intersect. Museums have long been engaged in the selective preservation, representation, and contextualization of Indigenous objects, cultures, and histories. We will examine antiquarian impulses that inspired the collecting of curiosities, scientific studies that drove the collection of biological specimens, and nationalist ideals that shaped monuments to house imperialist memories. Museums are now sites for complex, often contentious discourse around Indigenous collections. Students will review histories of local and national collecting processes, with a particular focus on Native American collections and concerns. We will also consider how Indigenous curators and new kinds of museums have developed innovative displays and interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV INTERMED ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"36745", path:"/courses/36745", description:"This is a proficiency-based course which continues from the first intermediate course, ARAB 033/034. Emphasis continues to be on all four language skills: Speaking, Listening, Reading, & Writing. The readings for the class are chosen from actual texts from both medieval and modern Arabic in a variety of fields and subjects. Students will be expected to give classroom presentations and to write short essays in Arabic. Evaluation will be both Achievement- and proficiency- based.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: POLITICAL ECON: GLOBAL PROSPERITY: DETERMINANTS, THREATS, POLICIES", number:"null", id:"44795", path:"/courses/44795", description:"Political Economy studies the relationships between individuals and society and between markets and the state.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS AFRICAN-AMER LIT: 21ST-CENTURY AFRICAN AMERICAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"44086", path:"/courses/44086", description:"In this advanced seminar, students will be introduced to a variety of approaches to African American literatures, and to a wide spectrum of methodologies and ideological postures (for example, The Black Arts Movement). The course will present an assortment of emphases, some of them focused on geography (for example, the Harlem Renaissance), others focused on genre (autobiography, poetry or drama), the politics of gender and class, or a particular grouping of authors. Previous versions of this course have included 'African American Autobiography,' 'Backgrounds of African American Literature,' 'The Black Narrative' (beginning with eighteenth century slave narratives and working toward contemporary literature), as well as seminars on urban spaces, jazz, migration, oral narratives, black Christianity, and African-American music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO QM II", number:"null", id:"36357", path:"/courses/36357", description:"Perturbation theory, variational principle, application of the quantum theory to atomic, molecular, and nuclear systems, and their interaction with radiation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CANTONESE II", number:"null", id:"38281", path:"/courses/38281", description:"Beginning Cantonese is a preliminary course for spoken Cantonese. The course provides fundamental aspects of the dialect as experienced in daily life situations and will enable students to communicate in Cantonese for daily life needs, such as making phone calls, making purchases, getting around by various means of transportation, seeing a doctor, being a guest or a host at dinner, talking about the weather, talking about sports and entertainment, etc. The course will be completed in two semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CALCULUS (CONTINUATION)", number:"null", id:"43078", path:"/courses/43078", description:"This is an honors version of Math 240 which explores the same topics but with greater mathematical rigor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF SOCIAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44757", path:"/courses/44757", description:"This course is about the foundations of contemporary social science. It focuses on the nature of social systems, the similarities and differences between social and natural sciences, the construction, analysis, and confirmation of social theories, and the nature of social explanations. Specific topics may include: What are social norms and conventions? What does it mean to have one gender rather than another, or one sexual orientation rather than another? Should social systems be studied quantitatively or qualitatively?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRAVEL WRITING:  GENRE AND ADVENTURE, ECOLOGY AND BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"42699", path:"/courses/42699", description:"This seminar explores an aspect of medieval literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Topics in the past have included the medieval performance, medieval women, and medieval law and literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"37398", path:"/courses/37398", description:"This course is designed for students who have little or no knowledge of Korean. This course aims to develop foundational reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills through meaningful communicative activities and tasks. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to comprehend and carry on simple daily conversations and create simple sentences in the past, present, and future tenses. Students will learn how to introduce themselves, describe their surroundings, talk about daily lives, friends and relatives, and talk about past and future events.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: CLASSICISM & LIT: ROMANCE OF PAGAN ANTIQUITY", number:"null", id:"36958", path:"/courses/36958", description:"This course looks at a number of strands in the broad epic tradition: narratives of warfare, quest narratives (both geographical and spiritual), and the combination of the two in narratives of chivalry and love. We will start with the Homeric poems, reading Iliad and Odyssey, and then we will see how Homeric themes are reprised in Virgil's narrative of travel, conquest, and empire, the Aeneid. From there we will move to one medieval epic of warfare, Beowulf. In the last part of the course we will read some Arthurian romances, which take up certain themes familiar from epic, but place them in a new context: the medieval institution of chivalry, where the ancient warrior is replaced by the medieval knight, where the collective battle is replaced by the individual quest, and where the psychology of sexual desire is now foregrounded as a motivation for heroic self-realization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT TO NONP & LOGLIN MOD", number:"null", id:"44971", path:"/courses/44971", description:"An applied graduate level course for students who have completed an undergraduate course in basic statistical methods. Covers two unrelated topics: loglinear and logit models for discrete data and nonparametric methods for nonnormal data. Emphasis is on practical methods of data analysis and their interpretation. Primarily for doctoral students in the managerial, behavioral, social and health sciences. May be taken before STAT 500 with permission of instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCEANOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"41478", path:"/courses/41478", description:"The oceans cover over 2/3 of the Earth's surface. This course introduces basic oceanographic concepts such as plate tectonics, marine sediments, physical and chemical properties of seawater, ocean circulation, air-sea interactions, waves, tides, nutrient cycles in the ocean, biology of the oceans, and environmental issues related to the marine environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGENCE OF MOD EURO", number:"null", id:"40109", path:"/courses/40109", description:"This course traces the formation of European society, politics and culture from its earliest days through the era of the Reformation, ca. 1000-1600 CE. Major themes will include: politics and power; law and the state; economics and trade; religion; learning and the rise of universities; social organization; everyday life. The reading and analysis of primary sources from each era will be important in understanding Europe's key features and development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"40702", path:"/courses/40702", description:"Spanish 110 is a first-semester elementary language course designed for students who have not previously studied Spanish or who have had very little exposure to the language. This course emphasizes the development of foundational reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities that focus on meaningful and accurate communication skills in the target language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS LATINA/O LIT: RACE, SPACE, AND WRITING", number:"null", id:"38485", path:"/courses/38485", description:"This course explores an aspect of Latina/o literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLUID MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"40283", path:"/courses/40283", description:"Physical properties; fluid statics; Bernoulli equation; fluid kinematics; conservation laws and finite control-volume analysis; conservation laws and differential analysis; inviscid flow; The Navier-Stokes equation and some exact solutions; similitude, dimensional analysis, and modeling; flow in pipes and channels; boundary layer theory; lift and drag.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCREENWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"38296", path:"/courses/38296", description:"This is a workshop-style course for those who have thought they had a terrific idea for a movie but didn't know where to begin. The class will focus on learning the basic tenets of classical dramatic structure and how this (ideally) will serve as the backbone for the screenplay of the aforementioned terrific idea. Each student should, by the end of the semester, have at least thirty pages of a screenplay completed. Classic and not-so-classic screenplays will be required reading for every class, and students will also become acquainted with how the business of selling and producing one's screenplay actually happens. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email briefly describing their interest in the course to the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SERBO-CROATIAN I", number:"null", id:"37890", path:"/courses/37890", description:"The course level is basic, starting with the alphabet (both versions of it, the Latin and the Cyrillic), moving on to the grammar basics, then some communication and other forms of interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGACNP:PRF ROLE CLN PRAC: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"41910", path:"/courses/41910", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ART OF EDITING", number:"null", id:"42687", path:"/courses/42687", description:"This course takes a critical and practical approach to the art of editing. Is the editor simply a 'failed writer,' as T.S. Eliot claimed, or is good editing the key to a writer's clarity and integrity? In addition to exploring theories and histories of the red pen, we will consider a few case studies of editorial interventions, such as Ezra Pound's excisions and revisions of Eliot's The Waste Land, Marianne Moore's five-decade quest to revise a single poem, and the editor who was discovered to have invented Raymond Carver's distinctive narrative style. We will immerse ourselves in the technical aspects of editing, covering such topics as the difference between developmental and line editing, the merits of MLA and Chicago style, proofreading in hard copy and digital environments, and when to weild an em dash. Students will gain practical editing experience, learn about a range of different levels of editorial interventions, and investigate the politics of language usage and standards, reading from literary texts such as Gloria Anzaldua's 'How to Tame a Wild Tongue,' Harryette Mullen's Sleeping with the Dictionary, and Dohra Ahmad's Rotten English anthology to ask crucial questions about what 'standard English' really means. This course counts toward the Journalistic Writing Minor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROLE OF THE CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST", number:"null", id:"40477", path:"/courses/40477", description:"This clinical course provides students the opportunity to apply CNS theory to practice and enables students to develop strategies to overcome barriers to safe, quality healthcare delivery. Students acquire knowledge and skills characteristic of CNS practice particularly as it relates to clinical judgment, facilitation of learning, advocacy and moral agency, caring practice and response to diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS MOD CHINESE I: LIT", number:"null", id:"39690", path:"/courses/39690", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed three years of college level Mandarin classes or equivalent. This course may be used to fulfill language or elective requirement for Chinese major or minor. The objectives of the course are 1) to help students gain an in-depth, multi-faceted and critical understanding of Chinese people, Chinese society and Chinese culture; 2) to facilitate students'acquisition of formal or written language; and 3) to develop students' analytical and critical thinking skills. These objectives are achieved primarily through 1) close reading and discussion of original literary texts by 20th -century Chinese writers; and 2) regular writing exercises. Students will also view several Chinese films that are related to the topics of the reading text. The class is to be conducted exclusively in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF ENGLISH LANG", number:"null", id:"40239", path:"/courses/40239", description:"This course traces the linguistic history of English from its earliest reconstructable ancestor, Proto-Indo-European, to the present. We focus especially on significant large-scale changes, such as the restructuring of the verb system in Proto-Germanic, the intricate interaction of sound changes in the immediate prehistory of Old English, syntactic change in Middle English, and the diversification of English dialects since 1750.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"41651", path:"/courses/41651", description:"Introduction to American Sign Language ( ASL ). Introduces ASL in a contextualized and conversational manner. Course includes receptive and expressive readiness activities, sign vocabulary and grammar, and an introduction to important topics and people within Deaf communities and Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV NON-FIC WRITING", number:"null", id:"37070", path:"/courses/37070", description:"Writing with a view to publication in the freelance sections of newspapers such as THE PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER and THE NEW YORK TIMES, in magazines such as THE ATLANTIC and THE NEW YORKER, and in the literary quarterlies and the journals of opinion. Among the areas likely to be considered are writing as a public act, issues of taste and of privacy, questions of ethics and of policy, methods of research and of checking, excerpting, marketing, and the realistic understanding of assignments and of the publishing world. Student papers will be the basis of weekly editorial sessions, with concentration on the language: how to render material literate, how to recognize and dispose of padding and self-indulgence, how to tighten structure and amplify substance. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FICTION WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"39867", path:"/courses/39867", description:"This course emphasizes the study and practice of basic techniques of short fiction, with assignments divided between readings and discussion of student-written material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW PRODUCT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38963", path:"/courses/38963", description:"This course provides a total immersion in the new product development process - from sourcing ideas and innovation, through new product sales forecasting. The focus is on collective learning, what works, what doesn't, and why. While the primary focus is the new product development process within a corporate structure, some coverage is given to key issues surrounding start-ups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43831", path:"/courses/43831", description:"This course is designed for beginning graduate students and advanced undergraduates with a particular enthusiasm for cell biology. Biology 480 does not attempt to cover all aspects of cell biology, and is therefore not appropriate for students seeking a lecture course which provides a comprehensive survey of the field. Rather, the primary objective of this course is to teach those students considering a career in the biomedical sciences how to read, discuss, and question original research papers effectively. Intensive classroom discussions focus on the experimental methods used, results obtained, interpretation of these results in the context of cell structure and function, and implications for further studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGIONS OF THE WEST", number:"null", id:"39267", path:"/courses/39267", description:"This course surveys some of the core beliefs and practices within Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. To do so, we will focus on history and memory, exploring how key figures and formative events from the past have been made present, from generation to generation, through scripture, ritual, liturgy, and remembrance. Special attention will be given to points of interaction between Jews, Christians, and Muslims, as well as to the impact of their intertwined histories on the formation and development of Western cultures. Fulfills History & Tradition Sector.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMANIFESTO", number:"null", id:"45146", path:"/courses/45146", description:"An introduction to African-American literature, typically ranging across a wide spectrum of moments, methodologies, and ideological postures, from Reconstruction and the Harlem Reanaissance to the Civil Rights Movement. Most versions of this course will begin in the 19th century; some versions of the course will concentrate only on the modern period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE III", number:"null", id:"36890", path:"/courses/36890", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN112, this is the third course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 450-500 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes. In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given on each lesson.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR GRAM & COMP", number:"null", id:"35825", path:"/courses/35825", description:"Intensive review of grammar integrated into writing practice. A good knowledge of basic French grammar is a prerequisite (French 202 or equivalent is recommended). Conducted entirely in French, the course will study selected grammatical difficulties of the French verbal and nominal systems including colloquial usage. Frequent oral and written assignments with opportunity for rewrites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR COLLOQUIUM", number:"null", id:"35874", path:"/courses/35874", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS I", number:"null", id:"45262", path:"/courses/45262", description:"This on-line, didactic course is designed for the practicing nurse practitioner or clinical nurse specialist who seeks to gain additional knowledge and skills related to the care of adult gerontology acutely ill patients with a specific focus on cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, thoracic issues, infectious processes, wound healing and diabetes. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.The basics of ECG, CXR and PFT interpretation, ABG analysis and ventilator modes are highlighted. This course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"43781", path:"/courses/43781", description:"Behavioral economics applies insights from psychology to the study of economic phenomena. This course will take the possibility of deviations from rational, self-interested behavior as a starting point, and explore two main questions: How does psychology play out in markets, where sophisticated and unsophisticated consumers and firms interact and compete? And what does behavioral economics imply for public policy? Markets have the potential to protect consumers from their biases, when firms compete to give biased consumers the best deal. In addition, markets allow for the emergence of informational intermediaries that give biased consumers advice. We will examine whether and how this remedy is provided in a diverse array of markets. Behavioral economics also affects what governments should do and what governments actually do, when they address market failures, combat poverty and inequality, and raise revenue. This course therefore also explores 'Behavioral Public Finance' -- optimal policy in the presence of biases -- and 'Behavioral Political Economy' -- how biases affect the choices of politicians and regulators themselves.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE IMMIGRANT CITY", number:"null", id:"39418", path:"/courses/39418", description:"Immigration is among the most important yet controversial forces shaping cities, regions, and neighborhoods. The diversity of immigrant and receiving communities means that the dynamics and impacts of migration are varied and complex. This course examines the development of immigrant and receiving communities in the urban and suburban United States. It surveys public policy and community and economic development practices related to migration at the local, regional, national, and trans-national scale. Class readings, discussions, and visits to Philadelphia's immigrant neighborhoods explore themes including labor markets, housing experiences, political mobilization, civil society, cultural preservation, and the built environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC FINANCE AND POLIC", number:"null", id:"43778", path:"/courses/43778", description:"This course explores the economics and politics of public policy to provide an analytic framework for considering why, how, and with what success/failure government intervenes in a variety of policy areas. Particular attention will be paid to important policy issues relating to taxation, social security, low-income assistance, health insurance, education (both K-12 and higher ed), the environment, and government deficits. The costs and benefits of alternative policies will be explored along with the distribution of responsibilities between the federal, state and local governments. While the course will focus primarily on U.S. policies, the topics covered (e.g. tax reform, deficits versus austerity, etc.) are currently at the center of the policy debate in many other industrialized countries as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROETHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42415", path:"/courses/42415", description:"In course, students will learn how neurobiologists study the relationship between neural circuitry and behavior. Behaviors such as bat echolocation, birdsong, insect olfaction, spatial navigation, eye movement and others will be used to explore fundamental principles of brain function that include brain oscillations, population codes, efference copy, sensorimotor maps and sleep replay. The course will also discuss the various methodologies that are used to address these questions. The reading material will be derived mostly from the primary literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"38055", path:"/courses/38055", description:"This course will deal with Law and Society in Africa. After surveying the various legal systems in Africa, the focus will be on how and to what extent the countries of Africa re-Africanized their legal systems by reconciling their legal systems that are used as instruments of social change and development. Toward this end, the experiences of various African countries covering the various legal traditions will be included. Specific focus will be on laws covering both economic and social relations. This emphasis includes laws of marriage, divorce and inheritance, laws of contracts and civil wrongs and African's law of investments and International Relations, among other laws. Throughout this course a comparative analysis with non-African countries will be stressed. Readings include research papers, reports, statutes, treaties, and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO THEATRE", number:"null", id:"42196", path:"/courses/42196", description:"An introduction to different approaches to understanding and analyzing performance, representational theatre, and non-representational theatre, using as test cases both dramatic scripts and live performance. Different aspects of theatre art and theatrical process (acting, design, audience, musical theatre) will be taught by guest lecturers drawn from the Theatre Arts faculty and local professionals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CANTONESE II", number:"null", id:"42503", path:"/courses/42503", description:"Beginning Cantonese is a preliminary course for spoken Cantonese. The course provides fundamental aspects of the dialect as experienced in daily life situations and will enable students to communicate in Cantonese for daily life needs, such as making phone calls, making purchases, getting around by various means of transportation, seeing a doctor, being a guest or a host at dinner, talking about the weather, talking about sports and entertainment, etc. The course will be completed in two semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36424", path:"/courses/36424", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"39959", path:"/courses/39959", description:"Painting practices is an introduction to the methods and materials of oil painting. This course begins with an investigation of color and color relationships. The beginning of the semester will cover technical issues and develop the student's ability to create a convincing sense of form in space using mass, color, light and composition. The majority of work is from direct observation including object study, still life, landscape, interior and exterior space and the self portrait. Class problems advance sequentially with attention paid to perceptual clarity, the selection and development of imagery, the process of synthesis and translation, color, structure and composition, content and personal expression. Students will become familiar with contemporary and art historical precedent in order to familiarize them with the history of visual ideas and find appropriate solutions to their painting problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE DESIGN/ENGINEER", number:"null", id:"38319", path:"/courses/38319", description:"You know how to write a 'program'. But how do you create a software 'product' as part of a team, with customers that have expectations of functionality and quality? This course introduces students to various tools (source control, automated build systems, programming environments, test automation, etc.) and processes (design, implementation, testing, and maintenance) that are used by professionals in the field of software engineering. Topics will include: software development lifecycle; agile and test-driven development; source control and continuous integration; requirements analysis; object-oriented design and testability; Android application development; software testing; refactoring; and software quality metrics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Duties & Consequences", number:"null", id:"36331", path:"/courses/36331", description:"As an account of the standard of right conduct, consequentialism is sometimes said to be the view that the rightness of an act is determined entirely by the value of its consequences. Since the 1970s, consequentialism and its most widely-endorsed version, utilitarianism, have been the subjects of a number of influential critiques. Philosophers have contended that consequentialism cannot account for the distinctive values of justice and fairness, for the significance of character, for the agent-relativity of some moral demands, and for the action-guiding function that moral theories are thought to possess. These critiques recommend a close study of the alternative, deontological ethical framework from which many of these critiques originate a framework contending that the right is prior to the good, in John Rawls words. But these critiques have also prompted spirited responses from consequentialists and sophisticated modifications to their theories; these responses are also worth exploring. The focus of this course is to consider and assess some of the important strands in this debate, including the suggestion that neither moral framework adequately captures human concerns about morality and value.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SANSKRIT 2ND YEAR PART I", number:"null", id:"37889", path:"/courses/37889", description:"This course will lead students to consolidate their knowledge of Sanskrit grammar and increase their familiarity with Sanskrit literature of all kinds, including epic, literary, philosophical, and narrative genres of texts. It will also introduce students to the study and reading of inscriptional materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION I", number:"null", id:"41906", path:"/courses/41906", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on ambulatory care. Clinical practice in all areas of ambulatory women's health care, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"40474", path:"/courses/40474", description:"This course will provide the conceptual and theoretical framework for examining the concept of leadership within the contexts of health systems, health professionals and health policy. It will focus on characteristics of personal and professional leadership, change theory, and the application of critical thinking to the analysis of work environments, systems and the politics of health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED SCIENCES RELATED TO ANESTHESIA", number:"null", id:"43266", path:"/courses/43266", description:"This course is an in-depth analysis of the chemical and physical principles as they apply to nurse anesthesia practice. Aspects of organic and biochemistry including the chemical structures of compounds and its significance in pharmacology will be explored. Applications of the laws of physics as they pertain to nurse anesthesia practice will be reviewed with specific examples. Emphasis on the dynamics of the anesthesia delivery system and related equipment will be presented.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"40036", path:"/courses/40036", description:"The course, conducted entirely in French, emphasizes verbal communication in business professional situations through three components. First, a series of student's presentations, in-class activities (using newspapers' articles, technical readings, radio shows and films), and debates on the following topics (list not exhaustive) related to France's economy and society: The role of the State in France's economy; the French fiscal system; Labor (impact of the 35-hour work week, 'conges,' women in the workplace, etc.); Regions of France (production); major French industries/companies/brands; France's major imports/exports; 'Green business'; Business of pop culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATL CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"45163", path:"/courses/45163", description:"This course analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics covered are corporate strategy and the decision to invest abroad, international portfolio diversification, managing exchange risk, taxation issues, cost of capital and financial structure in the multinational firm, and sources of financing. Departmental Website: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/ Registration: Registration for MBA electives is handled through the MBA Course Auction. For questions about core courses or MBA electives that don't appear in the course auction please contact the MBA Program Office. Non-MBAs interested in graduate classes must work throught the academic department and the MBA Program Office.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJ. REN. WRITERS: QUEER THEORY AND EARLY MODERN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"41320", path:"/courses/41320", description:"This is a monographic course, which may be on Spenser, Milton, or other major figures of the period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A THEME: MONSTERS IN FILM & LIT.", number:"null", id:"42674", path:"/courses/42674", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through the works of a compelling literary theme. The theme's function within specific historical contexts, within literary history generally, and within contemporary culture, are likely to be emphasized. Some versions of this course will also serve as an introduction to other members of the English faculty, who will visit the class as guest lecturers. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED HUMAN ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY & PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT II", number:"null", id:"37631", path:"/courses/37631", description:"This is the second part of a two semester course designed to provide a comprehensive study of the structure and function of the human body along with essential embryology and maturational physiology. Histological and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms that enable the human body to maintain homeostasis. Within each system, deviations from normal are considered to situate the student's understanding of health problems and to foster an appreciation for the complexity of the human organism. Integrated laboratories and case studies provide a contextual base to acquire and use domain-specific knowledge that includes physical assessment, and procedural.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTHCARE INFORMATICS", number:"null", id:"45236", path:"/courses/45236", description:"This course is designed to introduce the student to fundamental concepts and issues surrounding technology and information management in today's rapidly changing health care environment. Emphasis will be placed on defining informatics and the models and theories used in its development. To prepare the student to take a leadership role in information system design and selection the class will study the process of information systems analysis, implementation and evaluation involving functional, organizational and human aspects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND OF ACTUARIAL SCI I", number:"null", id:"42172", path:"/courses/42172", description:"This course is the usual entry point in the actuarial science program. It is required for students who plan to concentrate or minor in actuarial science. It can also be taken by others interested in the mathematics of personal finance and the use of mortality tables. For future actuaries, it provides the necessary knowledge of compound interest and its applications, and basic life contingencies definition to be used throughout their studies. Non-actuaries will be introduced to practical applications of finance mathematics, such as loan amortization and bond pricing, and premium calculation of typical life insurance contracts. Main topics include annuities, loans and bonds; basic principles of life contingencies and determination of annuity and insurance benefits and premiums.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS ARABIC LITERATURE: SHORT STORY IN ARABIC", number:"null", id:"38126", path:"/courses/38126", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36504", path:"/courses/36504", description:"Sociology provides a unique way to look at human behavior and the world. Sociology is the systematic study of the groups and societies in which people live. In this introductory course, we examine and analyze how social structures and cultures are created, maintained, and most importantly, how they affect behavior. The course deconstructs our taken for granted world of social interactions and behaviors and examines what theory and research can tell about human social behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PHONETICS OF MUSIC", number:"null", id:"38854", path:"/courses/38854", description:"Singing is an instance of human voice production, and as such can be studied in the way that speech is studied by speech scientists. The scientific study of singing is a small but growing field that uses methods from speech physiology and acoustics to characterize differences among singing voices and performances. This course will introduce students to methods for quantifying aspects of voice production, so that voice samples can be compared across singers, styles, etc. We will also discuss the scientific basis for some of the vocal techniques. Every aspect of voice presented in class will be explored through hands-on lab work with computer programs. We will mostly look at recorded samples of professional singers, but we will sometimes look at students' own vocal productions. However, this is not a course about improving one's singing, and no skill or talent is required to participate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"36446", path:"/courses/36446", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"37268", path:"/courses/37268", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significance in contemporary German-speaking countries throuh literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR GRAM & COMP", number:"null", id:"42847", path:"/courses/42847", description:"Intensive review of grammar integrated into writing practice. A good knowledge of basic French grammar is a prerequisite (French 202 or equivalent is recommended). Conducted entirely in French, the course will study selected grammatical difficulties of the French verbal and nominal systems including colloquial usage. Frequent oral and written assignments with opportunity for rewrites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Power-Sharing in Deeply Divided Places", number:"null", id:"42030", path:"/courses/42030", description:"This course examines conceptual, explanatory and normative debates over power-sharing systems. We explore the circumstances in which federal, consociational and other power-sharing institutions and practices are proposed and implemented to regulate deep national, ethnic, religious or linguistic divisions. We evaluate these systems, seeking to explain why they are formed or attempted, and why they may endure or fail, paying special attention to bi- and multi-national, multi-ethnic, multi-religious and multi-lingual environments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RISE OF THE NOVEL: EARLY NOVEL", number:"null", id:"42664", path:"/courses/42664", description:"This course explores the history of the British novel and the diverse strategie of style, structure, characterization, and narrative techniques it has deployed since the late seventeenth century. While works from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries will form the core of the reading, some versions of this course will include twentieth-century works. All will provide students with the opportunity to test the advantages and limitations of a variety of critical approaches to the novel as a genre. Readings may include works by Behn, Swift, Defoe, Richardson, Fielding, Lennox, Smollett, Burney, Scott, Austen, the Brontes, Dickens, Eliot, Hardy, Conrad, Joyce, Lawrence, Woolf, Rhys, Greene, Naipaul, Carter, Rushdie, and Coetzee.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BOOK&PUBLICATION DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44159", path:"/courses/44159", description:"Book and Publication Design will focus on the theory and professional practice of designing multi-page publications. Students will analyze formal structures of different types of books-literature and poetry, fiction and non-fiction compilations, illustrated volumes such as art catalogues, monographs and textbooks, and serial editions-discussing both traditional and experimental approaches. The format of the course will be split between theoretical and historical evaluations of book formats by drawing on the Van Pelt Rare Book Collection-and studio time where students will design books with attention to the format's conceptual relationship to the material at hand with a focus on typography and page layout, as well as on understanding production methods of printing and binding. In addition to the conventions of page layout students will examine paratextual elements (title page, practices of pagination and other internal structuring, content lists and indexes, colophons, notes and marginalia, end-leaves, binding, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"44383", path:"/courses/44383", description:"PREREQUISITES Completion of JPAN 211 or the equivalent.A continuation of Japanese language at the intermediate level.Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (Unit 6-Unit 10) Kanji: reproduction-approx.400/recognitio-approx.550", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERTEMPORAL MACRO FIN", number:"null", id:"38629", path:"/courses/38629", description:"This is a doctoral level course on macroeconomics, with special emphasis on intertemporal choice under uncertainty and topics related to finance. Topics include: optimal consumption and saving, the stochastic growth model, q-theory of investment, (incomplete) risk sharing and asset pricing. The course will cover and apply techniques, including dynamic programming, to solve dynamic optimization problems under uncertainty. Numerical solution methods are also discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN AND INCARCERATION: Health Education for Incarcerated Women", number:"null", id:"40443", path:"/courses/40443", description:"This elective course will afford students the opportunity to develop and implement health education workshops for incarcerated women in the Philadelphiajail system. Students will explore the social and historical framework and trends in the incarceration of women, as well as the needs of this population, and will identify specific areas that need to be addressed by particular disciplines or professions. Students will have direct contact with the jail system, its staff, and female inmates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERPIECES OF ITALIAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"35984", path:"/courses/35984", description:"Readings and reflections on significant texts of the Italian literary and artistic tradition exploring a wide range of genres, themes, cultural debates by analyzing texts in sociopolitical contexts. Readings and discussions in Italian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMERICAN FOOD", number:"null", id:"43751", path:"/courses/43751", description:"You are what you eat. Asian American Food explores the history, politics, and ethnic identity of food through a cultural lens. Growing food, eating, and sharing meals serve as intimate expressions of self and community. By examining the production and consumption of food, the course investigates the ways that Asian Americans navigate traditions, gender norms, religious dietary laws, food habits, and employment as they create lives in the United States. The course overviews the history of Asian American foodways, but has a particular focus on Philadelphia's Asian American communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN 20TH CENT ART: DUCHAMP'S OBJECTS: MATTER AND MODERNITY", number:"null", id:"43743", path:"/courses/43743", description:"Topic Varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONETICS I", number:"null", id:"37450", path:"/courses/37450", description:"Speech: its linguistic transcription, its quantitative physical description, and its relationship to the categories and dimensions of language structure and use. The physical basis of speech: acoustics, vocal tract anatomy and physiology, hearing and speech perception, articulation and motor control. Phonetic variation and change. Prosody: stress, intonation, phrasing speech rate. Phonetic instrumentation, the design and interpretation of phonetic experiments, and the use of phonetic evidence in linguistic research, with emphasis on computer techniques. Introduction to speech signal processing. Speech technology: introduction to speech recognition, text-to-speech synthesis, speech coding. This course will emphasize the phonetics of natural speech, and its connections to issues in other areas of linguistics and cognitive science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PATHOGENESIS OF MENTAL DISORDERS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"37669", path:"/courses/37669", description:"The conceptual and practice application of brain-behavior relationships for individuals with mental health and psychiatric conditions is developed in this course. Students learn interview and differential diagnostic skills toscreen for neuropsychological etiologies of mental disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorders, mood disorders and anxiety disorders. The course reviews specific theories of etiology and diagnostic classifications found in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-Fourth Edition- Text Revision (DSM IV- TR). Students develop the ability to make critical decisions as they learn finer points of differentiial diagnosing of mental disorders using a case based method of learning, allowing students to focus on specific populations such as aged, adults, adolescents, anchildren.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"", number:"null", id:"36128", path:"/courses/36128", description:"The basic thesis of this elective course is that many social problems, if attacked entrepreneurially, create opportunities for launching businesses that simultaneously generate profits and alleviate the societal problem. This approach generates societal wealth as well as entrepreneurial wealth. The course is distinguished from public sector initiatives to address social problems. Student teams are expected to develop a plan to launch a social enterprise. The teams will also generate presentations of two proposals focused on the identification of opportunities for large established firms to create a bottom of the pyramid business that will significantly boost social wealth in a target country.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37245", path:"/courses/37245", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN REAL ESTATE ECON", number:"null", id:"36448", path:"/courses/36448", description:"Urban Real Estate Economics uses economic concepts to analyze real estate markets, values and trends. The course focuses on market dynamics in the U.S. and internationally, with an emphasis on how urban growth and local and federal government policies impact urban development and real estate pricing. A group development project gives hands on experience, and invited guest speakers bring industry knowledge. Besides the group project and presentation, problem sets are required along with a midterm and an optional second exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"37454", path:"/courses/37454", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MUSICIANSHIP", number:"null", id:"41808", path:"/courses/41808", description:"Advanced techniques of score reading and general musicianship at the keyboard. Goals of the course include increasing proficiency in sight singing (including C clefs).Taking harmonic, melodic, and rhythmic dictations. Accurate performance of rhythms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETING STR", number:"null", id:"44557", path:"/courses/44557", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGY OF HUMAN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"42428", path:"/courses/42428", description:"Understanding how diseases disrupt the life of human individuals requires an appreciation of the genetic, biochemical, and cellular mechanisms that underlie normal human biology. After providing some of this basic information, in a form accessible to students in the humanities, social sciences and physical sciences, this course will focus on a selective group of human diseases, including inherited metabolic and neurological disorders, cancer, and viral infections. Presentations by experts in these areas will be followed by sessions discussing various aspects of each disease, including the biological basis of therapies and preventive methods including gene therapy, stem cells, and vaccines. This course is designed for non-majors and is open to both freshmen and upperclassmen.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL COMMUNIC SYS", number:"null", id:"35725", path:"/courses/35725", description:"Sampling, source coding, and channel capacity. Quantization and coding of speech and video. Baseband data transmission: bandwidth, intersymbol interference, adaptive equalization, performance analysis. Digital modulation schemes, spectral efficiency, and performance. Error control coding; block and convolutional codes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRITAIN'S CENTURY OF REV", number:"null", id:"35933", path:"/courses/35933", description:"England, Ireland, Wales and Scotland experienced revolutions in the first half of the seventeenth century that abolished monarchy and hereditary aristocracy, and carried out the first judicial execution of a monarch in European history. England was re-constructed as a republic, then with Scotland became the United Commonwealth of Great Britain, then declined into a military dictatorship, and finally invited the king back. In 1688, however, the Glorious Revolution deposed that king and declared Britain a strictly constitutional monarchy. This course will explore what motivated ordinarily obedient British subjects to take up arms against their rulers. The works of Milton and Marvell, Cromwell, Hobbes and Locke, and many lesser-known writers of diaries, autobiographies, sermons, statutes, and letters will illuminate the issues. The focus will be on how law, politics and religion interacted in the onset of war and defining of settlement, but with an eye to the larger social and cultural setting in which revolutions happened: this is also an era of both witchcraze and scientific revolution, puritanism and the slave trade, the near-destruction of London by fire and plague and its re-birth as the capital of a commercial empire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ANTH: BUSINESS OF DOING GOOD", number:"null", id:"45054", path:"/courses/45054", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Anthropology, the study of human societies and cultures. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SEXUAL LIFE OF COLONIALISM: GENDER & SEXUALITY IN THE COLONIAL WORLD", number:"null", id:"37337", path:"/courses/37337", description:"Topics Vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MADNESS AND MADMEN IN RUSSIAN CULTURE", number:"null", id:"44897", path:"/courses/44897", description:"Is 'insanity' today the same thing as 'madness' of old? Who gets to define what it means to be 'sane,' and why? Are the causes of madness biological or social? In this course, we will grapple with these and similar questions while exploring Russia's fascinating history of madness as a means to maintain, critique, or subvert the status quo. We will consider the concept of madness in Russian culture beginning with its earliest folkloric roots and trace its depiction and function in the figure of the Russian 'holy fool,' in classical literature, and in contemporary film. Readings will include works by many Russian greats, such as Pushkin, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Chekhov, Bulgakov and Nabokov.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT COMPUTING WITH R: Statistical Computing with R", number:"null", id:"42178", path:"/courses/42178", description:"The goal of this course is to introduce students to the R programming language and related eco-system. This course will provide a skill-set that is in demand in both the research and business environments. In addition, R is a platform that is used and required in other advanced classes taught at Wharton, so that this class will prepare students for these higher level classes and electives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECONOMICS (HALF CU)", number:"null", id:"35793", path:"/courses/35793", description:"FNCE 615 is a half-semester overview of macroeconomics. It is intended strictly for non-Finance majors. Any student who contemplates majoring in Finance should be aware that this course does not count in any way toward the Finance major. This course is new to the curriculum and is still under design. It will likely begin with the national income and products, which are the basic source of data on important macroeconomic data such as GDP, consumption, investment, exports and imports as well as prices. The course will also discuss other major sources of macroeconomic data, such as the monthly employment report and the consumer price index. These data descriptions will provide students with a basic level of macroeconomic literacy and will serve as the basis for analyzing specific topics and issues in macroeconomics. At of this writing, the set of topics and issues is still to be determined, but students should be aware that the half-semester format of the course will limit the breadth and depth of topics. Please Note: This course will not count towards a Finance Major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"43872", path:"/courses/43872", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 011 The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE POL COMM", number:"null", id:"35559", path:"/courses/35559", description:"This course explores major themes in the study of political communication from a comparative perspective. It focuses on how communication affects political behavior, attitudes, and outcomes. In doing so we question the forces that shape media institutions and how different political and social institutions shape individual-level communication effects. The course is designed to provide a greater understanding of comparative political communication theories, as well as to develop social science reasoning and methodology. Readings, class discussions, and assignments move back and forth between theories, empirical evidence, and public policies. The readings include research from Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East, Latin America, and North America though Europe receives somewhat more attention due to the richness of comparative data and research for that region.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC MECHANISMS STRUC", number:"null", id:"39668", path:"/courses/39668", description:"Study of important types of reactions and functional groups, with emphasis on synthetic usefulness, mechanisms, and stereoelectronic principles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Portraits of Old Russia: Myth, Icon, Chronicle", number:"null", id:"43453", path:"/courses/43453", description:"This course covers eight centuries of Russias cultural, political, and social history, from its origins through the eighteenth century, a period which laid the foundation for the Russian Empire. Each week-long unit is organized around a set of texts (literary text, historical document, image, film) which examine prominent historical and legendary figures as they represent chapters in Russias history. Historical figures under examination include, among others, the Baptizer of Rus, Prince Vladimir; the nation-builder, Prince Alexander Nevsky; the first Russian Tsar, Ivan the Terrible; the first Emperor and Westernizer, Peter the Great; the renowned icon painter Andrei Rublev; the epic hero Ilya Muromets; and the founder of Muscovite monasticism, St. Sergius of Radonezh.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL POLLING", number:"null", id:"44829", path:"/courses/44829", description:"Political polls are a central feature of elections and are ubiquitously employed to understand and explain voter intentions and public opinion. This course will examine political polling by focusing on four main areas of consideration. First, what is the role of political polls in a functioning democracy? This area will explore the theoretical justifications for polling as a representation of public opinion. Second, the course will explore the business and use of political polling, including media coverage of polls, use by politicians for political strategy and messaging, and the impact polls have on elections specifically and politics more broadly. The third area will focus on the nuts and bolts of election and political polls, specifically with regard to exploring traditional questions and scales used for political measurement; the construction and considerations of likely voter models; measurement of the horserace; and samples and modes used for election polls. The course will additionally cover a fourth area of special topics, which will include exit polling, prediction markets, polling aggregation, and other topics. It is not necessary for students to have any specialized mathematical or statistical background for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"French Civ from Beginning to 1789: Penn-in-Tours", number:"null", id:"45171", path:"/courses/45171", description:"This civilization course presents the fabric/fabrication of the so-called national memory through its places of memory (lieux de memoire), as well as its places of non-memory (lieux de non-memoire), going from the Gauls to the Enlightenment. As the course tells the story of the rise and fall of the French monarchy, one is encouraged to envision it as a palimpsest and to become aware of the roles played by myths and legends. It helps see how French history has been manipulated by the collective memory, how retrospection often redefines, fabricates events and people depending on the needs of the moment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39246", path:"/courses/39246", description:"This course will explore psychological approaches to understanding political beliefs, attitudes, and actions at the levels of both individual citizens and national leaders. It will also explore the possibility that psychological science itself is not immune to the political debates swirling around it. Specific topics will include: the workings of belief systems (and their power to shape what we 'see'), cognitive biases (and their power to cause miscalculations), sacred values and their role in stabilizing belief systems and social interaction, personality and ideology (the linkages between the personal and the political), and clashing conceptions of morality and distributive and corrective justice (striking variations among people in what they consider to be fair). We shall also explore some topics that have sparked controversy in the psychological research literature and that tend to polarize opinion along political lines, including work on intelligence and unconscious bias.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"36354", path:"/courses/36354", description:"Special relativity, an introduction to the principle of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOOD AND FIRE", number:"null", id:"42325", path:"/courses/42325", description:"This course will let students explore the essential heritage of human technology through archaeology. People have been transforming their environment from the first use of fire for cooking. Since then, humans have adapted to the world they created using the resources around them. We use artifacts to understand how the archaeological record can be used to trace breakthroughs such as breaking stone and bone, baking bread, weaving cloth and firing pottery and metals. The seminar will meet in the Penn Museum's Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials. Students will become familiar with the Museum's collections and the scientific methods used to study different materials. Class sessions will include discussions, guest presentations, museum field trips, and hands-on experience in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING HONORS RESEARCH PROJECT", number:"null", id:"43231", path:"/courses/43231", description:"This course is an advanced seminar for research and scholarship to be taken by honors students in nursing. Enrollment is concurrent with implementation of the individual student's honors project. Practical considerations in carrying out such a project, including scholarly approach and scientific integrity as well as scholarly writing and dissemination will be discussed and illustrated, using exemplars and student projects. The various phases of students' projects will be used as launching points for discussions and to complement students' work with their faculty supervisors. Paths and planning for careers in nursing and related disciplines and the idea of scholarship and research trajectories will be developed throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35455", path:"/courses/35455", description:"CHIN 032 is designed for students who can speak Chinese and have reading ability of about 1000 Chinese characters. This Chinese reading and writing course is specifically designed for students at the ACTFL intermediate-low reading and writing level. The literacy goal is to master 1000 to 2000 Chinese words and reach the intermediate-mid proficiency level. Reading material covers topics that are meaningful to students not only to increase engagement and confidence in their Chinese reading skills, but also foster students' apprehension and understanding of the Chinese deep culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"40799", path:"/courses/40799", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"39987", path:"/courses/39987", description:"This is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad. During the spring semester there are honors sections of FNCE 101 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH CENT EUR INTEL HIST", number:"null", id:"35935", path:"/courses/35935", description:"Starting with the dual challenges of Enlightenment and Revolution at the close of the eighteenth century, this course examines the emergence of modern European thought and culture in the century from Kant to Nietzsche. Themes to be considered include Romanticism, Utopian Socialism, early Feminism, Marxism, Liberalism, and Aestheticism. Readings include Kant, Hegel, Burke, Marx, Mill, Wollstonecraft, Darwin, Schopenhauer, and Nietzsche.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ANTH: BUSINESS OF DOING GOOD", number:"null", id:"42244", path:"/courses/42244", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Anthropology, the study of human societies and cultures. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Security, Humanitarianism, or Poverty Reduction: Trends and Debates", number:"null", id:"43399", path:"/courses/43399", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Sustainable Environmental Policy & Global Politics; Shakespeare and Political Theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET & WEB SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35507", path:"/courses/35507", description:"This course focuses on the challenges encountered in building Internet and web systems: scalability, interoperability (of data and code), security and fault tolerance, consistency models, and location of resources, services, and data. We will examine how XML standards enable information exchange; how web services support cross-platform interoperability (and what their limitations are); how to build high-performance application servers; how 'cloud computing' services work; how to perform Akamai-like content distribution; and how to provide transaction support in distributed environments. We will study techniques for locating machines, resources, and data (including directory systems, information retrieval indexing, ranking, and web search); and we will investigate how different architectures support scalability (and the issues they face). We will also examine ideas that have been proposed for tomorrow's Web, and we will see some of the challenges, research directions, and potential pitfalls. An important goal of the course is not simply to discuss issues and solutions, but to provide hands-on experience with a substantial implementation project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Petrography of Cultural Materials", number:"null", id:"42572", path:"/courses/42572", description:"Introduction to thin-section petrography of stone and ceramic archaeological materials. Using polarized light microscopy, the first half of this course will cover the basics of mineralogy and the petrography of igneous, metamorphic and sedimentary rocks. The second half will focus on the petrographic description of ceramic materials, mainly pottery, with emphasis on the interpretation of provenance and technology. As part of this course, students will characterize and analyze archaeological samples from various collections. Prior knowledge of geology is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L COMPARATIVE MGMT.", number:"null", id:"37514", path:"/courses/37514", description:"This course focuses on the comparative institutional environments in which business, government, and society interact. It provides students with a set of conceptual tools and analytical frameworks to navigate the complexities and ambiguities of the global economy. It provides an understanding of how to identify, measure and interpret the economic, social, political and cultural factors that shape regulatory policy, business strategy and market outcomes. It does so by traversing a rich empirical terrain that cuts across developing and industrialized countries, and is especially attentive to change over time. The course is deeply inter-disciplinary and brings insights from economics, political science, sociology, anthropology, geography and history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC LIT & THEORY", number:"null", id:"37618", path:"/courses/37618", description:"This course will explore different critical approaches to the interpretation and analysis of Arabic literature from pre-Islamic poetry to the modern novel and prose-poem. The course will draw on western and Arabic literary criticism to explore the role of critical theory not only in understanding and contextualizing literature but also in forming literary genres and attitudes. Among these approaches are: Meta-poetry and inter-Arts theory, Genre theory, Myth and Archetype, Poetics and Rhetoric, and Performance theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"43895", path:"/courses/43895", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEMES JEWISH TRADITION: Notions of Canon, Interpretation and the Bible", number:"null", id:"36206", path:"/courses/36206", description:"Course topics will vary; they have included The Binding of Isaac, Responses to Catastrophes in Jewish History, and Concepts of Jewishness from Biblical Israel to the Modern State (Stern); Holy Men & Women (Ben-Amos); Rewriting the Bible (Dohrmann); Performing Judaism (Fishman); Jewish Political Thought (Fishman) Fall 2014: In the various identities that Jews have embraced, or been assigned over time-- ethnic group, religion, landless nation, sovereign nation they generated political thought and manifested political agency and action. Through close reading of primary sources in English translation, participants in this weekly seminar will explore: conceptions of the scope and limits of Jewish political and legal authority; notions of messianism and Jewish political passivity; Jewish political activity under the rule of Christians and Muslims; medieval Jewish political theory; the place of the Israelite polity and of biblical leaders (prophets, priests, kings) in early modern ruminations on governance; the struggle for civic Emancipation and its political ramifications; variants of Jewish Socialism in the 19th-20th centuries; religious, cultural and political Zionism prior to 1948; contemporary messianic Zionism; the challen", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIRECT ENERGY CONV", number:"null", id:"40289", path:"/courses/40289", description:"The course focuses on devices that convert thermal, solar, or chemical energy directly to electricity, i.e., without intermediate mechanical machinery such as a turbine. A variety of converters with sizes ranging from macro to nano scale will be discussed. Topics will include thermoelectric energy converters and radioisotope thermoelectric generator (RTGs), thermionic energy converters (TEC), photovoltaic (PV) and thermophotovoltaic (TPV) cells, as well as piezoelectric harvesters. Additional topics may include magnetohydrodynamic (MHD) generators, alkali metal thermal-to-electric converters (AMTEC), and fuel cells.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETING STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41762", path:"/courses/41762", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEV TOOLS FOR DATA ANLYS", number:"null", id:"41923", path:"/courses/41923", description:"This course provides an introduction to the construction of data analysis tools that are commonly used for business applications, especially in consulting and finance. The course builds on the spreadsheet and analytical skills developed in OPIM101, providing a much more extensive treatment of spreadsheet application development and database management. The first portion of the course will focus on programming in VBA, the embedded programming language in the Microsoft Office suite of applications. This will be supplemented with discussion of industry best practice in software development, such as specification development, interface design, documentation, and testing. The second portion of the class will emphasize data access and analysis utilizing SQL, the industry standard language for interacting with database software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROJECTS IN PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"35747", path:"/courses/35747", description:"This course will concentrate on expanding imagery in print media. The course requires the proposal of a directed final project to be developed during the semester. Three initial exploratory projects will culminate in the final. Projects are open to all print media, but there will be an emphasis on screen printing. Techniques will be addressed as they serve the needs of ideas rather than a set technical procedure. Through individual consultation, scheduled class critiques, and field trips, attention will be given to studio work in and out of printmaking so that the technical and conceptual strengths of print media can serve as a worthwhile adjunct to an overall studio practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"35519", path:"/courses/35519", description:"An introduction to the problems of computer vision and other forms of machine perception that can be solved using geometrical approaches rather than statistical methods. Emphasis will be placed on both analytical and computational techniques. This course is designed to provide students with an exposure to the fundamental mathematical and algorithmic techniques that are used to tackle challenging image based modeling problems. The subject matter of this course finds application in the fields of Computer Vision, Computer Graphics and Robotics. Some of the topics to be covered include: Projective Geometry, Camera Calibration, Image Formation, Projective, Affine and Euclidean Transformations, Computational Stereopsis, and the recovery of 3D structure from multiple 2D images. This course will also explore various approaches to object recognition that make use of geometric techniques, these would include alignment based methods and techniques that exploit geometric invariants. In the assignments for this course, students will be able to apply the techniques to actual computer vision problems. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WH INDUSTRY EXPLORATION: Los Angeles - Tech Sector", number:"null", id:"45046", path:"/courses/45046", description:"WIEP features short-term courses that focus on various industries and feature visits to businesses, lectures, extracurricular activities, and networking opportunities with alumni.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOLKLORE AND SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"40018", path:"/courses/40018", description:"Sexuality is usually thought of as being biological or social, divided into categories of natural and unnatural. Often misssed are its creative and communicative aspects. Examining the constructed social elements of sexuality requires attention be paid to folklore in groups, between individuals and on the larger platform of popular technological media. The most interesting locations for exploration are those places where borderlands or margins, occur between genders, orientations and other cultural categories. A field-based paper will be required that must include documentary research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICRO-ELECTRO-MECH SYS", number:"null", id:"44494", path:"/courses/44494", description:"A course that covers the design and fabrication of micro- and nano-electromechanical systems. Topics in the course include micro- and nano-fabrication techniques, mechanics of flexures, thin film mechanics, sensing and actuation approaches (e.g., electrostatic, plezoelectric, and piezoresistive), as well as materials and reliability issues. The fundamentals of these topics will be augmented with device-based case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIC SCHOLARS PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"37994", path:"/courses/37994", description:"The Civic Scholars Proseminar is the gateway, interdisciplinary course for first-year students in the Penn Civic Scholars Program, a four-year certificate program integrating scholarship and civic engagement. The course, open only to first-year Civic Scholars, provides context for students' future engagement, academic work, and program participation throughout their undergraduate experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BYZANTINE ART & ARCH", number:"null", id:"38137", path:"/courses/38137", description:"This course surveys the arts of Byzantium from the fall of Rome to the fall of Constantinople in 1453. Study of major monuments, including icons, mosaics, architecture, and ivories provide us with an overview of this rich artistic culture. We pay special attention to the role of the Orthodox Church and liturgy in the production and reception of art works. Weekly recitation sections focus on selected major issues, such as the relationship of art to the Holy, the uses and abuses of Iconoclasm, and imperial patronage. The course also grapples with the Empire's relationship to other cultures by looking at the impact of the Christian Crusades and Moslem invasions - as well as Byzantium's crucial impact on European art (e.g., in Sicily, Spain).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE IN CONTEXT", number:"null", id:"39384", path:"/courses/39384", description:"In this undergraduate seminar we will explore points at which the social and intellectual structure of technical knowledge systemsin science, engineering and medicinecan be analyzed as a result of controversy or disaster. Every week we will explore a key event that permits us to see how disciplines work, how the black box of technical knowledge can be opened, how power is imbricated in knowledge, and how science, medicine and technology reflect culture. We will consider the roles played by experts in public controversies, and the importance of technical knowledge in the resolution or negotiation of these controversies. Our case studies will include global warming, the bombing of Hiroshima, the Chernobyl nuclear accident, the Human Genome Project, race and intelligence controversies, Gulf War Syndrome, strategic bombing, Lysenkoism, and the global trade in human organs. Students will write papers on key controversies in which science and politics intersect. and politics intersect. Readings will include both primary and secondary sources, legal rulings, official reports, historical analyses, literary and artistic works, and so on.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VEN CAPITAL & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"38924", path:"/courses/38924", description:"This course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of a high-growth potential start-up company. The course is motivated by rapid increases in both the supply of and demand for private equity over the past two decades. The topic is addressed from two distinct perspectives: issues that relate to the demand for private equity and venture capital (the entrepreneur's perspective) on the one hand, and issues that relate to the supply of capital (the investor's perspective) on the other. As well, we will address management issues that relate to how the VC and the entrepreneur work together once an investment has been made, compensation issues, and governance issues in the privately held venture capital backed company.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 18TH-CENTURY NOVEL: BRITISH EPISTOLARY FICT", number:"null", id:"35678", path:"/courses/35678", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-Century novel intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED RUSS CONV/COMP", number:"null", id:"40655", path:"/courses/40655", description:"This course develops students' skills in speaking and writing about topics in Russian literature, contemporary society, politics, and everyday life. Topics include women, work and family; sexuality; the economic situation; environmental problems; and life values. Materials include selected short stories by 19th and 20th century Russian authors, video-clips of interviews, excerpts from films, and articles from the Russian media. Continued work on grammar and vocabulary building.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"37206", path:"/courses/37206", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SCREENWRITING", number:"null", id:"35473", path:"/courses/35473", description:"This is a workshop style course for students who have completed a screenwriting class, or have a draft of a screenplay they wish to improve or want to learn everything in one shot and are ready to do a lot of writing, and even more rewriting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION", number:"null", id:"35549", path:"/courses/35549", description:"Origins, purpose, theory, practice of freedom of expression in the West. Philosophical roots of contemporary debates about expressive limits, especially problems associated with media of communication. Major topics include, but are not limited to sexual expression, hate speech, traitorous and subversive speech, campaign finance, non-verbal expression, artistic expression, privacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The City: Literary and Visual Tradition", number:"null", id:"38799", path:"/courses/38799", description:"Topics vary. Please check the department's website for course description: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUTH ASIANS IN THE US", number:"null", id:"40981", path:"/courses/40981", description:"This course investigates the everyday practices and customs of South Asians in America. Every immigrant group has its own history, customs, beliefs and values, making each unique while simultaneously a part of the 'melting pot' or salad bowl' of American society. Yet how do people define themselves and their ethnicities living in a diasporic context? By taking into account the burgeoning South Asian American population as our model, this course will explore the basic themes surrounding the lives that immigrants are living in America, and more specifically the identity which the second generation, born and/or raised in American, is developing. South Asians in the U.S. will be divided thematically covering the topics of ethnicity, marriage, gender, religion, and pop culture. Reading and assignments will discuss a variety of issues and viewpoints that are a part of the fabric of South Asia, but will focus on the interpretation of such expressive culture in the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVE WRITING: Creative Writing:  Personal Essay/Fiction", number:"null", id:"38436", path:"/courses/38436", description:"A course designed to allow the students to discover their own talents in at least two forms from a list that includes fiction, poetry, journalistic writing, creative nonfiction writing, and memoir. Though emphasis is on practice, classroom work includes discussion of theory as well as readings in published works. Frequent writing assignments. Reading lists vary with each section. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A GENRE: GOTHIC", number:"null", id:"44052", path:"/courses/44052", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through the works of a compelling literary theme. The theme's function within specific historical contexts, within literary history generally, and within contemporary culture, are likely to be emphasized. Some versions of this course will also serve as an introduction to other members of the English faculty, who will visit the class as guest lecturers. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"36920", path:"/courses/36920", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN SOCIAL MOVEMENTS", number:"null", id:"39324", path:"/courses/39324", description:"Throughout modern times groups of people have come together in an attempt to change their social world. Their successes and failures teach us about society, organizations, and individuals. This course will examine case studies of historical and contemporary social movements. Using these case studies, this course will evaluate different approaches to understanding social movements, and investigate what these different approaches suggest about individuals, the society in which they live, and the potential for social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE ENTREPRENEUR", number:"null", id:"37844", path:"/courses/37844", description:"What makes a successful entrepreneur in the real estate industry? This half semester mini-course exposes undergraduates and MBA students to this question in the context of real estate opportunities past and present: equity investments, debt investments and real estate operating companies. The topics require the evaluation of entrepreneurial opportunities, structures, investment decision-making, and risks which are present in commercial real estate markets. This course requires a strong understanding of core business topics, especially: entrepreneurship, finance, management and real estate. No formal prerequisites or past experience are required but will prove helpful. This course focuses on identifying real world opportunities, developing concepts, identifying and mitigating risks, raising capital and exiting investments. 

The course consists of lectures by the professor, case discussions, and guest lectures by leading entrepreneurs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Environmental Studies Research Seminar for Juniors", number:"null", id:"38512", path:"/courses/38512", description:"This seminar is designed to help Juniors prepare for the Senior Thesis research. Topic selection, advisor identification, funding options, and basic research methods will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ART IN S. ASIA", number:"null", id:"43732", path:"/courses/43732", description:"This course is a survey of sculpture, painting and architecture in the Indian sub-continent from 2300 B.C., touching on the present. It attempts to explore the role of tradition in the broader history of art in India, but not to see India as 'traditional' or unchanging. The Indian sub-continent is the source for multi-cultural civilizations that have lasted and evolved for several thousand years. Its art is as rich and complex as that of Europe and diverse. This course introduces the full range of artistic production in India in relation to the multiple strands that have made the cultural fabric of the sub-continent so rich and long lasting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMD PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"40569", path:"/courses/40569", description:"Portuguese 134 is an accelerated intermediate course designed for students who have taken Portuguese for Spanish Speakers I, or its equivalent. Classroom activities will emphasize the development of pronunciation and spoken production, the use of language structures and vocabulary at the advanced intermediate level. In addition, students will explore movies, music, short stories, and other media as they further develop reading, speaking and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH I", number:"null", id:"36912", path:"/courses/36912", description:"A fast-paced introduction to the fundamental concepts of programming and software design. This course assumes some previous programming experience, at the level of a high school computer science class or CIS110. (If you got at least 4 in the AP Computer Science A or AB exam, you will do great.) No specific programming language background is assumed: basic experience with any language (for instance Java, C, C++, VB, Python, Perl, or Scheme) is fine. If you have never programmed before, you should take CIS 110 first.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARLY AMERICAN REBELLIONS: REVS, RESISTANCE & POWER IN EARLY NORTH AM", number:"null", id:"38742", path:"/courses/38742", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP SOCIAL PSYC", number:"null", id:"40612", path:"/courses/40612", description:"In this course, students will work in small groups to develop, empirically test , and report on a research question within one of the domains of cultural psychology, such as emotion, motivation, social perception, morality, or food and eating. Depending on the nature of the project, students will employ survey,experimental, or observational research methodology, and learn how to to conduct and report the appropriate statistical tests with Excel and/or SPSS (typically, correlations, t-tests, ANOVA and ANCOVA, multiple regression, , factor analysis, and measures of reliability). Class discussions will help students craft their projects, and in-class presentations will provide the opportunity to develop and refine presentation skills. Psychology majors only. Class size is limited to 14 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"War and Representation in Europe, Russia and the U.S.", number:"null", id:"36970", path:"/courses/36970", description:"Representations of war have been created for as many reasons as wars are fought: to legitimate conflict, to celebrate military glory, to critique brutality, to vilify an enemy, to mobilize popular support, to generate national pride, etc. In this course we will ex^amine a series of representations of war drawn from the literature, film, state propaganda, memoirs, visual art, etc. of Russia, Europe and the United States of the twentieth century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: CINEMA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"39889", path:"/courses/39889", description:"This course explores an aspect of Film Studies intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"42811", path:"/courses/42811", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLONIAL LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"41539", path:"/courses/41539", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad literature on Latin America's rich colonial history. We will begin by tracing some of the early origins of - and points of contact between - the Indian, Iberian, and African men and women who formed the basis of colonial society. As the course progresses, we will explore the variety of ways in which colonial subjects lived, worked, ate, worshipped, and socialized. Lectures and reading assignments will draw upon a variety of sources, including court cases, artistic renderings, city maps and street plans, travel accounts of visits to the regions, and the material, cultural, and intellectual products made possible by the wealth and dynamism of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. The course will conclude with an analysis of the Age of Revolutions, a period of dramatic upheaval that remains at the center of lively scholarly debates. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage the key questions driving these debates, the most important of which, perhaps, is: what is Latin America's colonial legacy?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARMA,BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"44285", path:"/courses/44285", description:"This course provides an overview of the management, economic and policy issues facing the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The course perspective is global, but with emphasis on the U.S. as the largest and and most profitable market. Critical issues we will examine include: R&D intensive cost structure and rapid technological change; biotech startups and alliances with the pharma industry; pricing and promotion in a complex global marketplace where customers includ governments and insurers, as well as physicians, pharmacists and consumers. We use Wharton and industry experts from various disciplines to address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO AFRICANA STUDIES", number:"null", id:"43648", path:"/courses/43648", description:"The aim of this course is to provide an interdisciplinary examination of the complex array of African American and other African Diaspora social practices and experiences. This class will focus on both classic texts and modern works that provide an introduction to the dynamics of African American and African Diaspora thought and practice. Topics include: What is Africana Studies?; The History Before 1492; Creating the African Diaspora After 1500; The Challenge of Freedom; Race, Gender and Class in the 20th Century; From Black Studies to Africana Studies: The Future of Africana Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"39179", path:"/courses/39179", description:"Special relativity, an introduction to the principles of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH C PHIL: SCHOPENHAUER & NIETZSCHE", number:"null", id:"41968", path:"/courses/41968", description:"A study of selected figures in 19th century philosophy. Figures to be studied may include Hegel, Fichte, Schelling, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche and, Kierkegaard.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING EFFECTIVE TEAMS", number:"null", id:"40321", path:"/courses/40321", description:"This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve effectiveness. This course emphasizes class participation, readings, analytic and reflective writing, assessments, peer coaching, lectures, simulations, and an intensive field project. Four kinds of teams are the focus of study: teams of which you've been a member in the past; your 740 team, with three or four classmates; a team outside of 740 that your 740 Team will observe, analyze, and report on --your Host Team; and a team that you expect to be on in the future. The case material for learning and applying course concepts will be these teams that you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene to improve the performance, sustainability, and impact on the members of any team in any setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS I", number:"null", id:"44451", path:"/courses/44451", description:"Brief review of High School calculus, applications of integrals, transcendental functions, methods of integration, infinite series, Taylor's theorem, and first order ordinary differential equations. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Music & the Brain", number:"null", id:"43790", path:"/courses/43790", description:"Every human culture that has ever been described makes some form of music. The musics of different cultures cover a wide range of styles, but also display fascinating similarities, and a number of features are shared by even the most disparate musical traditions. Within our own culture, music is inescapable-there are very few individuals who do not listen to some form of music every day and far more who listen to music virtually all day long. Appreciation of music comes very early: newborns prefer music to normal speech and mothers all over the world sing to their babies in a fundamentally similar way. And yet, despite this seeming ubiquity, the real origin and purpose of music remains unknown. Music is obviously related to language, but how? Why do so many cultures make music in such fundamentally similar ways? What goes into the formation of music 'taste' and preferences? Does music have survival value, or is it merely 'auditory cheesecake', a superfluous byproduct of evolution as some critics have maintained? What is the nature of musical ability and how do musicians differ from non-musicians?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35271", path:"/courses/35271", description:"An introduction to the history, concepts, and methods of the anthropological study of pre-historic and historic peoples using archaeological illustrations to indicate the relationship of archaeological interpretations with cultural and physical anthropology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Idea Generation and the Systematic Approach for Creativity", number:"null", id:"37559", path:"/courses/37559", description:"The ability to solve problems creatively and generate change is a recognized standard of success and plays an important role in gaining a competitive advantage in many areas of business management. This course is designed to teach students several creative problem solving methodologies that complement other managerial tools acquired in undergraduate and graduate studies. The course offers students the opportunity to learn how to solve problems, identify opportunities, and generate those elusive ideas that potentially generate enormous benefits to organizations. The objectives of this course are to enhance the students' (a) creativity, (b) ability to innovate and (c) ability to identify, recruit, develop, manage, retain, and collaborate with creative people. 

The course includes: 1. A review of the literature on creativity, creative people, innovation, and design as well as the leadership and management of creative people and innovation. 2. Hands on learning of approaches for generating creative ideas. Students will have the opportunity of implementing the techniques studied in class. 3. Applications of creativity to selected management domains - Approaches to the generation of creative options are not limited to the development of products and services or businesses, but can be applied to all areas of management, business, and life. The purpose of these sessions is to explore the applications of creative approaches to marketing, advertising, organizational design, negotiations, and other management challenges. 4. Integration - Both via individual assignments and a group project in which interdisciplinary teams of students generate a creative product/service/customer", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATL CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44207", path:"/courses/44207", description:"This course analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics covered are corporate strategy and the decision to invest abroad, international portfolio diversification, managing exchange risk, taxation issues, cost of capital and financial structure in the multinational firm, and sources of financing. Departmental Website: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/ Registration: Registration for MBA electives is handled through the MBA Course Auction. For questions about core courses or MBA electives that don't appear in the course auction please contact the MBA Program Office. Non-MBAs interested in graduate classes must work throught the academic department and the MBA Program Office.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"42273", path:"/courses/42273", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic concepts and standards underlying financial accounting systems. Several important concepts will be studied in detail, including: revenue recognition, inventory, long-lived assets, present value, and long term liabilities. The course emphasizes the construction of the basic financial accounting statements - the income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement - as well as their interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOETHICS", number:"null", id:"37356", path:"/courses/37356", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the fundamental principles of bioethics and the many ethical issues that arise in the rapidly changing fields of biomedicine and the life sciences. The first half of the course will provide an overview of the standard philosophical principles of bioethics, using clinical case studies to help illustrate and work through these principles. In the second half of the course we will focus on recent biomedical topics that have engendered much public controversy including diagnostic genetics, reproductive technologies and prenatal screening, abortion, physician assisted suicide, human experiments, and end of life decision making. We will use the principles learned in the first half of the course to systematically think through these bioethical issues, many of which affect our everyday lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"44295", path:"/courses/44295", description:"A continuation of HEBR 051, First Year Modern Hebrew, which assumes basic skills of reading and speaking and the use of the present tense. Open to all students who have completed one semester of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE, GENDER, CLASS AND THE HISTORY OF AMERICAN HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"40423", path:"/courses/40423", description:"This multidisciplinary course surveys the history of American health care through the multiple perspectives of race, gender, and class, and grounds the discussions in contemporary health issues. It emphasizes the links between the past and present, using not only primary documents but materials from disciplines such as literature, art, sociology, and feminist studies that relate both closely and tangentially to the health professions and health care issues. Discussions will surround gender, class-based, ethnic, and racial ideas about the construction of disease, health and illness; the development of health care institutions; the interplay between religion and science; the experiences of patients and providers; and the response to disasters and epidemics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"41445", path:"/courses/41445", description:"French 110 is the first semester of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop funcional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIMARY CARE: DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"37672", path:"/courses/37672", description:"This course focuses on development of critical thinking skills to address health care problems of adults across the lifespan, with an emphasis on middle-aged and older adults, develop differential problem solving skills and determine appropriate management interventions. The management of common acute and chronic health conditions will include evidence based primary preventions, drug and treatment therapeutics, and referral to other health care providers. Students have the opportunity to build on previously acquired skills and to apply concepts of primary care to manage the health problems of adults across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KNOWLEDGE FOR SOC IMPACT: Analyzing Current Issues and Approaches", number:"null", id:"44506", path:"/courses/44506", description:"Recent technological changes have raised awareness of the magnitude and devastating long-term effects of poverty, food insecurity, limited and unequal access to education, and other social issues. Coupled with growing awareness of these issues is the emerging sense that traditional government programs and charities may be unable to solve these problems - at least, not alone. What may be needed are new strategies - strategies borne of (a) a deep understanding of the issues; (b) interdisciplinary collaboration; and (c) access to business knowledge, frameworks, and resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COMM: DISNEY & THE THEME PARK", number:"null", id:"38028", path:"/courses/38028", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Communications, the interdisciplinary study of the processes of human communication. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSPORT PROCESSES I", number:"null", id:"41717", path:"/courses/41717", description:"The course provides a unified introduction to momentum, energy (heat), and mass transport processes. The basic mechanisms and the constitutive laws for the various transport processes will be delineated, and the conservation equations will be derived and applied to internal and external flows featuring a few examples from mechanical, chemical, and biological systems. Reactive flows will also be considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO AMERICAN POL", number:"null", id:"37793", path:"/courses/37793", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the national institutions and political processes of American government. What are the historical and philosophical foundations of the American Republic? How does American public policy get made, who makes it, and who benefits? Is a constitutional fabric woven in 1787 good enough for today? How, if at all, should American government be changed, and why? What is politics and why bother to study it? If these sorts of questions interest you, then this course will be a congenial home. It is designed to explore such questions while teaching students the basics of American politics and government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP I", number:"null", id:"35593", path:"/courses/35593", description:"Engineers and scientists create and lead great companies, hiring managers when and where needed to help execute their vision. Designed expressly for students having a keen interest in technological innovation, this course investigates the roles of inventors and founders in successful technology ventures. Through case studies and guest speakers, we introduce the knowledge and skills needed to recognize and seize a high-tech entrepreneurial opportunity - be it a product or service - and then successfully launch a startup or spin-off company. The course studies key areas of intellectual property, its protection and strategic value; opportunity analysis and concept testing; shaping technology driven inventions into customer-driven products; constructing defensible competitive strategies; acquiring resources in the form of capital, people and strategic partners; and the founder's leadership role in an emerging high-tech company. Throughout the course emphasis is placed on decisions faced by founders, and on the sequential risks and determinants of success in the early growth phase of a technology venture. The course is designed for, but not restricted to, students of engineering and applied science and assumes no prior business education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ACTING", number:"null", id:"44995", path:"/courses/44995", description:"Rooted in the system devised by Constantine Stanislavsky, but incorporating a wide variety of approaches, including improvisation, this courtesies students step by step through the practical work an actor must do to live and behave truthfully on-stage. Beginning with relaxation and physical exercise, interactive games, and ensemble building, students then learn and put into practice basic acting techniques, including sensory work, the principles of action, objectives, given circumstances, etc. The semester culminates in the performance of a scene or scenes, most often from a play from the Realist tradition. This course strongly stresses a commitment to actor work and responsibility to one's fellow actors. Practical work is supplemented by readings from Stanislavsky and a variety of other acting theorists that may include Uta Hagen, Robert Cohen, Stella Adler, among others. Students are required to submit short essays over the course of the semester in response to the readings and in preparation for their final scene project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO POL ECN OF MEDIA", number:"null", id:"39783", path:"/courses/39783", description:"This course has two aims. First, assuming that communications are central to any society, it situates media systems within larger national and international social relationships and political structures. Second, this course critically examines the structures of the communication systems themselves, including ownership, profit imperatives, support mechanisms such as advertising and public relations,and the ideologies and government policies that sustain these arrangements. Considering case studies ranging from traditional news and entertainment media to new digital and social media, the course provides a comprehensive survey of the major texts in this vibrant sub-field of media studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35885", path:"/courses/35885", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR THE HIGH RISK NEONATE", number:"null", id:"43273", path:"/courses/43273", description:"This clinical course focuses on the care of the high risk infant within the context of the family unit. Clinical experiences provide students with opportunities to expand their skills in managing the care of infants, both acutely ill and growing neonates. Students continue their experiences with neonatal nurse practitioners to examine role issues of these individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IRAQ:ANC CITIES& EMPIRES", number:"null", id:"44610", path:"/courses/44610", description:"Iraq: Ancient Cities and Empires is a chronological survey of the ancient civilization that existed in the drainage basin of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers from the early settled village farming communities of the 7th millennium BCE to the middle of the 1st millennium BCE, when Nebuchadnezzar II ruled Babylon and much of the Middle East. Though organized period by period, NELC 241 explores various social, political, economic, and ideological topics, exposing students to various strands of evidence, including settlement survey data, excavated architectural remains, artifacts, and documentary sources, as well as an eclectic mix of theoretical perspectives. The course aims to provide students with a strong foundation for the further study of the ancient and pre-modern Middle East.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DIGITAL PHOTO", number:"null", id:"42796", path:"/courses/42796", description:"In this studio course, students will become proficient in advanced techniques of image production while expanding their artistic process and refining their photographic work. With an emphasis on self-directed projects and research, students will further their knowledge of image control and manipulation, retouching and collage, advanced color management; become familiar with high-end equipment and develop professional printing skills. Class discussion, lectures and assigned readings will address the critical issues in contemporary art, media and photographic culture. Emphasis will be on integrating practice and critical dialogue.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"J W SCHOLAR SR RES SEM: Joseph Wharton Scholars Senior Research Seminar", number:"null", id:"38018", path:"/courses/38018", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THIRD REICH", number:"null", id:"37349", path:"/courses/37349", description:"The meteoric rise of Hitler's NSDAP in Germany, the nature of Nazi rule, and the final collapse of the Third Reich. The first half of the semester analyzes the appeal of the NSDAP- who joined the party, who voted for it, and why. Nazi mobilization tactics, campaign strategy, and grass-roots techniques, the content of the party's social appeals. The second half of the course concentrates on the Nazis in power, their use of terror and propaganda, their ideological objective, everyday life in the Third Reich, the possibilities of resistance to the regime. Special attention will be devoted to Nazi Jewish policy and the step that led to the 'Final Solution' and the Holocaust.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN DESIGN", number:"null", id:"35323", path:"/courses/35323", description:"This survey of modern utilitarian and decorative objects spans the century, from the Arts and Crafts Movement to the present, from the rise of Modernism to its rejection in Post-Modernism, from Tiffany glass and tubular-metal furniture to the Sony Walkman. Its overall approach focuses on the aesthetics of designed objects and on the designers who created them, but the course also investigates such related topics as industrialization, technology, ergonomics, and environmental, postindustrial, and universal design. Among the major international figures whose graphics, textiles, furniture, and other products will be studied are William Morris, Frank Lloyd Wright, Josef Hoffmann, Le Corbusier and Charlotte Perriand, Mies van der Rohe, Alvar Aalto, Raymond Loewy, Charles and Ray Eames, Isamu Noguchi, Eero Saarinen, Paul Rand, Jack Lenor Larsen, Ettore Sottsass,Jr., Robert Venturi, Frank Gehry, and Philippe Starck.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43485", path:"/courses/43485", description:"What is American Society? The literary critic, Leslie Fielder once wrote,'...to be an American...precisely to imagine a destiny rather than to inherit one; since we have always been, insofar as we are Americans at all, inhabitants of myth rather than history...' In this course we will explore the elements of the myth that form the basis of the civil religion as well as the facts on the ground that contradict our conceptions of American Society. Examples of mythic elements and their contradiction that we will explore are: A nation founded to pursue liberty and freedom yet allowed slavery, equality of opportunity and persistent structural inequality, and a welcoming of the Immigrant coupled with a suspicion of the outsider.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"35785", path:"/courses/35785", description:"The course focuses on financial tools, techniques, and best practices used in buyouts (financial buyers) and acquisitions (strategic buyers). While it will touch upon various strategic, organizational, and general management issues, the main lens for studying these transactions will be a financial one. It will explore how different buyers approach the process of finding, evaluating, and analyzing opportunities in the corporate-control market; how they structure deals and how deal structure affects both value creation and value division; how they add value after transaction completion; and how they realize their ultimate objectives (such as enhanced market position or a profitable exit). The course is divided into two broad modules. The first module covers mergers and acquisitions, and the second one studies buyouts by private equity partnerships. During the spring semester this course cannot be taken pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"44869", path:"/courses/44869", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments. Format: Although some of the material is presented by lecture, the instructor expects considerable class participation. Cross- listed with LGST 804.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Holocaust - Representation and Silence", number:"null", id:"38801", path:"/courses/38801", description:"Please see department website for current description: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"40713", path:"/courses/40713", description:"Business Spanish II, Advanced Spanish for Business, is specifically designed for advanced speakers of Spanish (e.g., native speakers, heritage speakers, students who have studied in a Spanish-speaking country for at least one semester, and those who have attained an equivalent level of linguistic competency). Students will take an in-depth look at the corporate dynamics of a number of countries in Latin America, focusing on their economies and markets, as well as on the cultural and business protocols of each region. Through the creation of an entrepreneurial project and the writing of a business plan, students will enhance their business and language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO HINDUISM", number:"null", id:"40666", path:"/courses/40666", description:"From the scriptures of hallowed antiquity to riveting epics to ever-popular tele-serials and internet pujas, a bewildering array of narratives, technologies, peoples and ideas have been brought together under the label of Hinduism. While encyclopedias and guidebooks continue the futile attempts to provide a checklist of the key features of the entity called Hinduism, the historical reality repeatedly confounds any single definition of the term. The course will explore this diverse and heterogeneous reality by historicising the term Hinduism. In other words, it will examine Hinduisim within the diverse social, cultural and political contexts in which it has been and continues to be enmeshed. From the early Vedic era to contemporary diaspoiric Hindu communities, the course will provide an introduction to Hinduism as a fluid, multifacted, heterogeneous relaity that has always been shaped by its many historical contexts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPD THEORIES/METHODS II", number:"null", id:"42994", path:"/courses/42994", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY II", number:"null", id:"39545", path:"/courses/39545", description:"This course examines the development of geometries in modern architecture. Primary and secondary texts are used to explore the origin and evolution of geometrical thinking in architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"35797", path:"/courses/35797", description:"FNCE 725 is a rigorous study of fixed income securities, including default-free bonds, floating rate notes, and corporate bonds. Closely related financial instruments such as forwards and futures on fixed income securities, bond options, and interest rate swaps are also examined. In addition to analyzing specific types of fixed income securities, there will be an examination of the tools used in bond portfolio management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"38533", path:"/courses/38533", description:"Quantum engineering - the design, fabrication, and control of quantum coherent devices - has emerged as a multidisciplinary field spanning physics, electrical engineering, materials science, chemistry, and biology, with the potential for transformational advances in computation, secure communication, and nanoscale sensing. This course surveys the state of the art in quantum hardware, beginning with an overview of the physical implementation requirements for a quantum computer and proceeding to a synopsis of the leading contenders for quantum building blocks, including spins in semiconductors, superconducting circuits, photons, and atoms. The course combines background material on the fundamental physics and engineering principles required to build and control these devices with readings drawn from the current literature, including promising architectures for scaling physical qubits into larger devices and secure communication networks, and for nanoscale sensing applications impacting biology, chemistry, and materials science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCHASTIC PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"43545", path:"/courses/43545", description:"Markov chains, Markov processes, and their limit theory. Renewal theory. Martingales and optimal stopping. Stable laws and processes with independent increments. Brownian motion and the theory of weak convergence. Point processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY: WINDOW TO THE HUMAN PAST", number:"null", id:"42316", path:"/courses/42316", description:"This course will introduce students to the methods and theory of archaeology by exploring how we turn archaeological data into statements about cultural behavior. We will discuss the place of archaeology in the broader field of anthropology and debate issues facing the discipline today. The course will rely on case studies from around the world and from many different time periods to introduce students to the research process, field and lab methods, and essential questions of archaeological anthropology. Students will have the opportunity to work hands-on with archaeological materials through visiting the galleries and working with Penn Museum collections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"39662", path:"/courses/39662", description:"Fundamental course in organic chemistry based upon the modern concepts of structure and mechanism of reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROSE NARRATIVE", number:"null", id:"37619", path:"/courses/37619", description:"Historical, literary, comparative, and ethnographic methods contribute to study of prose narratives which were told in oral societies in antiquity and in modern times and were documented in literary societies for different purposes. Oral storytellers, both professional and amateurs, performed them in private and public spaces. Their recording from antiquity to modern times became an integral element of modern life in general and in education and arts in particular. The storytellers, their performances in oral and literary cultures, their genres, and their symbolic meanings are the subjects of the course, together with the analytical methods that help mapping their distribution worldwide.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN ART", number:"null", id:"40968", path:"/courses/40968", description:"This course surveys the most important and interesting art produced in the United States (or by American artists living abroad) up through the 1950s. This period encompasses the history of both early and modern art in the U.S., from its first appearances to its rise to prominence and institutionalization. While tracking this history, the course examines art's relation to historical processes of modernization (industrialization, the development of transportation and communications, the spread of corporate organization in business, urbanization, technological development, the rise of mass media and mass markets, etc.) and to the economic polarization, social fragmentation, political conflict, and the cultural changes these developments entailed. In these circumstances, art is drawn simultaneously toward truth and fraud, realism and artifice, science and spirituality, commodification and ephemerality, nationalism and cosmopolitanism, individualism and collectivity, the past and the future, professionalization and popularity, celebrating modern life and criticizing it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMECH & BIOTRANS", number:"null", id:"38171", path:"/courses/38171", description:"The course is intended as an introduction to continuum mechanics in both solid and fluid media, with special emphasis on the application to biomedical engineering. Once basic principles are established, the course will cover more advanced concepts in biosolid mechanics that include computational mechanics and bio-constitutive theory. Applications of these advanced concepts to current research problems will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"38003", path:"/courses/38003", description:"Urban Studies senior research project", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"35745", path:"/courses/35745", description:"The course offers an introduction to several forms of printmaking including: intaglio, screen printing, relief, and monoprinting. Through in-class demonstrations students are introduced to various approaches to making and printing in each medium. The course enhances a student's capacity for developing images through two-dimensional design and conceptual processes. Technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"39265", path:"/courses/39265", description:"This course evaluates 'ground-up' development as well as re-hab, re-development, and acquisition investments. We examine raw and developed land and the similarities and differences of traditional real estate product types including office, R & D, retail, warehouses, single family and multi-family residential, mixed use, and land as well as 'specialty' uses like golf courses, assisted living, and fractional share ownership. Emphasis is on concise analysis and decision making. We discuss the development process with topics including market analysis, site acquisition, due diligence, zoning, entitlements, approvals, site planning, building design, construction, financing, leasing, and ongoing management and disposition. Special topics like workouts and running a development company are also discussed. Course lessons apply to all markets but the class discusses U.S. markets only. Throughout the course, we focus on risk management and leadership issues. Numerous guest lecturers who are leaders in the real estate industry participate in the learning process. Format: predominately case analysis and discussion, some lectures, project visits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"37497", path:"/courses/37497", description:"Quantitative introduction to the broad area of energy engineering, from basic principles to applications. The focus is on the science and engineering of power generation. The course includes a review of energy resources and consumption, power cycles, combined cycles, and co-generation, nuclear energy and wastes, solar thermal and photovoltaic energy, and wind power. Additional energy conversion topics including energy storage and geothermal, thermoelectric, hydroelectric and biomass power will be briefly discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: Global Local Independent Study", number:"null", id:"39042", path:"/courses/39042", description:"An opportunity to develop and implement an individual plan of study under faculty guidance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PURITANS TO RELIGIOUS RIGHT: RELIGION AND POLITICS IN AMERICAN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"41562", path:"/courses/41562", description:"Topics in US History", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANNING TO BE OFFSHORE", number:"null", id:"40663", path:"/courses/40663", description:"In this course we will trace the economic development of India from 1947 to the present. Independent India started out as a centrally planned economy in 1949 but in 1991 decided to reduce its public sector and allow, indeed encourage, foreign investors to come in. The Planning Commission of India still exists but has lost much of its power. Many in the U.S. complain of American jobs draining off to India, call centers in India taking care of American customer complaints, American patient histories being documented in India, etc. At the same time, the U.S. government encourages highly trained Indians to be in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING DOCTORAL RESEARCH RESIDENCY: TEITELMAN", number:"null", id:"40491", path:"/courses/40491", description:"The purpose of this required one semester research residency is to enhance student research training early in the doctoral program by providing a mentored research experience. The residency is designed to be a tailored hands-on experience to provide students with exposure and the opportunity to participate in one or more aspects of an on-going research project. Research residencies are experiential activities designed to meet the student's individual learning needs. At the minimum, students with no or minimal prior research experience will gain a beginning level of experience on a variety of components of an ongoing research project. Students with more extensive research experience will tailor their residences with their residency supervisor to enhance their expertise in these various areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL DIGITAL ACTIVISM", number:"null", id:"45131", path:"/courses/45131", description:"This seminar examines the forms, causes, and consequences of global digital activism, defined broadly as activism associated with the use of digital media technologies (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, mobile phones, and the Chinese Weibo). The goal is to provide students with a theoretical tool-kit for analyzing digital activism and to develop a critical understanding of the nature of contemporary activism and its implications for global social change. Major cases to be examined include the 'Occupy Wall Street' movement in the US, the Arab Spring, the 'indignados' protests in Spain, and internet activism in China. Students are required to conduct primary, hands-on research on a contemporary case (or form) of digital activism and produce a final research paper. This research project may be done individually or in small groups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS IN KOREAN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"41224", path:"/courses/41224", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"36469", path:"/courses/36469", description:"A continuation of RUSS003. This course will further develop your ability to use the Russian language in the context of everyday situations (including relationships, travel and geography, leisure activities) and also through reading and discussion of elementary facts about Russian history, excerpts from classic literature and the contemporary press and film excerpts. At the end of the course you will be able to negotiate most daily situations, to comprehend most spoken and written Russian, to state and defend your point of view. Successful completion of the course prepares students to satisfy the language competency requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONALIZATION SEM: Professionalization Seminar", number:"null", id:"40701", path:"/courses/40701", description:"In the non-credit seminar students will be introduce to key areas in sociologicalresearch, and a set of prodessional skills necessary to navigate graduate school and a successful academic career. Students will also be introduced to faculty and resources available at Penn. This course is required for all first-year graduate students in Sociology", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OBESITY AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37640", path:"/courses/37640", description:"This course will examine obesity from scientific, cultural, psychological, and economic perspectives. The complex matrix of factors that contribute to obesity and established treatment options will be explored. 

This course satisfies the Society & Social Structures Sector for Nursing Class of 2012 and Beyond.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEPARATION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"43840", path:"/courses/43840", description:"The design of industrial methods for separating mixtures. Distillation; liquid-liquid extraction; membranes; absorption. Computer simulations of the processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLISH/HERITAGE SPEAK II", number:"null", id:"36503", path:"/courses/36503", description:"Continuation of SLAV505", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READINGS IN SANKRIT LIT: READINGS IN TANTRIC BUDDHIST TEXTS", number:"null", id:"36501", path:"/courses/36501", description:"This course is for advanced students of Sanskrit. Designed as a seminar, the course aims to take students through the primary and secondary sources of Sanskrit literary and phlosophical production. Each semester will focus on a different genre: epic, belles-lettres, lyric poetry, drama, philosophy, shastra, advanced grammar, history, poetics, and epigraphy. We will focus on original sources, secondary scholarship, and theoretical approaches toward the translation and study of Sanskrit texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH MDLNG APPL IN FNCE", number:"null", id:"36310", path:"/courses/36310", description:"Quantitative methods have become fundamental tools in the analysis and planning of financial operations. There are many reasons for this development: the emergence of a whole range of new complex financial instruments, innovations in securitization, the increased globalization of the financial markets, the proliferation of information technology and the rise of high-frequency traders, etc. In this course, models for hedging, asset allocation, and multi-period portfolio planning are developed, implemented, and tested. In addition, pricing models for options, bonds, mortgage-backed securities, and other derivatives are studied. The models typically require the tools of statistics, optimization, and/or simulation, and they are implemented in spreadsheets or a high-level modeling environment, MATLAB. This course is quantitative and will require extensive computer use. The course is intended for students who have strong interest in finance. The objective is to provide students the necessary practical tools they will require should they choose to join the financial services industry, particularly in roles such as: derivatives, quantitative trading, portfolio management, structuring, financial engineering, risk management, etc. Prospective students should be comfortable with quantitative methods", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"43432", path:"/courses/43432", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and real estate capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two midterms, (depending on instructor).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"37210", path:"/courses/37210", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the instruments traded in modern financial markets, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, as well as, the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will balance functional and institutional perspectives by highlighting the problems capital markets participants are seeking to solve, as well as, the existing assets and markets which have arisen to accomplish these goals. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. The course is taught in lecture format, and illustrates key concepts by drawing on a collection of case studies and visits from industry experts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL MERCHANDISING", number:"null", id:"41775", path:"/courses/41775", description:"RETAIL MERCHANDISING; This course introduces the role of merchandising at various retailers with an emphasis on apparel and soft-line businesses. Selected topics will include product development, line planning, sourcing, product lifecycle, forecasting, buying, planning and vendor relations. Special emphasis will be placed on current trends in retail merchandising through current articles and industry guest speakers. The objective of this course is to familiarize students with merchandising theory and strategies considered to be current best practices in retailing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP ABNORMAL: PSYCHOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39249", path:"/courses/39249", description:"PSYC 362-301 is a two-semester course starting in the Fall. Class size limited to 8 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Globalization and its Historical Significance", number:"null", id:"40921", path:"/courses/40921", description:"This course describes and analyses the current state of globalization and sets it in historical perspective. It applies the concepts and methods of anthropology, history, political economy and sociology to the analysis and interpretation of what is actually happening in the course of the semester that relates to the progress of globalization. We focus on a series of questions not only about what is happening but about the growing awareness of it and the consequences of the increasing awareness. In answering these questions we distinguish between active campaigns to cover the world (e.g. Christian and Muslim proselytism, free-trade agreements, democratization) and the unplanned diffusion of new ways of organizing trade, capital flows, tourism and remote interaction via the Internet. The body of the course deals with particular dimensions of globalization, reviewing both the early and recent history of each. The overall approach is historical and comparative, setting globalization on the larger stage of the economic, political and cultural development of various parts of the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"45271", path:"/courses/45271", description:"Philosophers ask difficult questions about the most basic issues in human life. Does God exist? What can we know about the world? What does it mean to have a mind? How should I treat non-human animals? Do I have free will? This course is an introduction to some of these questions and to the methods philosophers have developed for thinking clearly about them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM VIETNAMESE I", number:"null", id:"40908", path:"/courses/40908", description:"An introduction to the language of North and South Vietnam. Instruction includes reading, writing, speaking and listening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREVENTION OF TOBACCO ADDICTION IN PRE-ADOLESCENT CHILDREN OF PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"42733", path:"/courses/42733", description:"Cigarette smoking is a major public health problem. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Control reports that more than 80% of current adult tobacco users started smoking before age 18. The National Youth Tobacco Survey indicated that 12.8% of middle school students and 34.8% of high school students in their study used some form of tobacco products.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"35591", path:"/courses/35591", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJOR SEMINAR ON KOREA: Korea in the Age of Empires, 1864-1945", number:"null", id:"43993", path:"/courses/43993", description:"This is a seminar required for all Korean majors in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilization. Topic varies year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUG DELIVERY", number:"null", id:"38254", path:"/courses/38254", description:"Students will learn about drug distribution throughout the body, pharmacokinetics, nanoparticle systems for drug delivery, gene delivery systems, targeted drug delivery translation of new drug delivery systems to patients, and case studies on current drug delivery systems in research. Faculty from engineering and medicine will give lectures on their research interests. The students read current journal articles throughout the course. A major assignment for the course is a written and oral group proposal on a topic chosen by the students that is relevant to the course material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35798", path:"/courses/35798", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 611. Some areas of financial management not covered in FNCE 611 are covered in FNCE 726. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning, and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 611 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 726. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIAL DIVERSITY & PATHOGENESIS", number:"null", id:"35404", path:"/courses/35404", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, virology, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce", number:"null", id:"37557", path:"/courses/37557", description:"The effect of the Internet and related technologies on business and social institutions is more profound than that of any prior invention, including the printing press and the internal combustion engine. Furthermore, marketing plays a key role in shaping the modern consumption-led economies fueled by these technologies. MKTG 727 provides a research-based and framework-driven approach to understanding digital marketing and electronic commerce. 

The course is organized around three sections and utilizes relevant theory, empirical analysis, and practical examples to develop the key learning points. Part I presents will establish the behavioral foundations for understanding electronic commerce and covers relevant phenomena and theory from economics, marketing, and related fields. Part II examines ecommerce business models and institutions including Internet retail, subscription commerce, curated commerce and so on. Part III focuses on how digital marketing fosters ecommerce business growth. In particular, we survey, critique, and evaluate common digital marketing methods and tactics. 

Guests from the entrepreneur and investor communities participate, as appropriate (former and illustrative speakers include Pooja Batra (Bollywood Actress), Joe Cohen (Lore.com), Mike Cohen (Birchbox.com) and Rob Coneybeer (Shasta Ventures).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST: CLINICAL I (280 CLINICAL HOURS)", number:"null", id:"44698", path:"/courses/44698", description:"This clinical course provides students the opportunity to apply CNS theory to practice and enables students to develop strategies to overcome barriers to safe, quality healthcare delivery. Students acquire knowledge and skills characteristic of CNS practice particularly as it relates to clinical judgment, facilitation of learning, advocacy and moral agency, caring practice and response to diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO SPATIAL ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"44131", path:"/courses/44131", description:"The course is designed to introduce students to modern statistical methods for analyzing spatial data. These methods include nearest-neighbor analyses of spatial point patterns, variogram and kriging analyses of continuous spatial data, and autoregression analyses of area data. The underlying statistical theory of each method is developed and illustrated in terms of selected GIS applications. Students are also given some experience with ARCMAP, JMPIN, and MATLAB software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS FOR WHARTON STU", number:"null", id:"40249", path:"/courses/40249", description:"Differential calculus, integral calculus, series, differential equations and elements of multivariable calculus, with an emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"35799", path:"/courses/35799", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. Topics discussed include discounted cash flow techniques and valuation using alternative valuation techniques such as price multiples. Emphasis is on developing the required information for valuation from financial statements and other information sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN POLITICAL PHIL: Liberalism and Economic Justice", number:"null", id:"43343", path:"/courses/43343", description:"This is a topics-based graduate seminar in political philosophy. Examples of topics we can examine in this course include distributive justice, liberty, equality, and global justice. Course readings will be drawn from a combination of seminal and more recent works on the selected topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HIST-COMP LING", number:"null", id:"41665", path:"/courses/41665", description:"Synchronic and diachronic systems. Analogic processes. Semantic change. Effects of contact. Internal reconstruction. Comparative method and reconstruction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED WHEEL STUDIO", number:"null", id:"39969", path:"/courses/39969", description:"This course teaches students more advanced wheel throwing techniques while helping to develop their critical skills in other areas of ceramic work. Students will learn to throw, employing larger masses of clay, and to increase the complexity of their work by combining and altering thrown parts. There will be an emphasis on experimentation in surface treatment and design, the goal of which is to expand a student's ability to create more complicated and personalized clay works. In addition to learning the technical knowledge, there will be critical discussions of contemporary ceramics issues through image presentations, reading materials and field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMANTICS I", number:"null", id:"40244", path:"/courses/40244", description:"This course provides an introduction to formal semantics for natural language. The main aim is to develop a semantic system that provides a compositional interpretation of natural language sentences. We discuss various of the aspects central to meaning composition, including function application, modification, quantification, and binding, as well as issues in the syntax-semantics interface. The basic formal tools relevant for semantic analysis, including set theory, propositional logic, and predicate logic are also introduced.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC QUALITY & OUTCOMES", number:"null", id:"42906", path:"/courses/42906", description:"This course will familiarize students with methods used to assess the quality of hospital or provider health care using outcomes data, and to understand and evaluate studies involving health care outcomes. Students are exposed to the mechanics of hospital quality evaluation and challenged to evaluate the medical and health services research literature on health care evaluation, as well as to make inferences regarding hospital quality and the comparison or rankings of hospitals or providers. Topics will include the history of health care outcomes analysis; the conceptual framework for outcome studies; consumer demand for information; an overview of medical data and data collection systems; a description of outcome statistics and severity adjstments currently in use; the study of excess variation in outcomes; and the use of guidelines to assess outcomes. By the end of the course, students will have developed a thorough appreciation of the current methods used by policy makers, researchers, and health care providers to evaluate medical outcomes, as well as those used by consumers to choose hospitals and providers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"37211", path:"/courses/37211", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis, and real options. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SINNERS, SEX AND SLAVES: RACE AND SEX IN EARLY AMERICA", number:"null", id:"41573", path:"/courses/41573", description:"This course explores the lost worlds of sinners, witches, sexual offenders, rebellious slaves, and Native American prophets from the seventeenth to nineteenth centuries. Using the life stories of unusual individuals from the past, we try to make sense of their contentious relationships with their societies. By following the careers of the trouble-makers, the criminals, and the rebels, we also learn about the foundations of social order and the impulse to reform that rocked American society during the nineteenth century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC. OF MEDIA & POP CULT", number:"null", id:"40691", path:"/courses/40691", description:"This course relies on a variety of sociological perspectives to examine the role of media and popular culture in society, with a particular emphasis on the power of the mass media industry, the relationship between cultural consumption and status, and the social organization of leisure activities from sports to shopping. Specific course topics include the branding of Starbucks, the rising importance of aesthetics and style in everyday life, and how young people use social media in the digital age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GOD&NATURE:JEW THGHT&SCI", number:"null", id:"40146", path:"/courses/40146", description:"God and Nature examines the place of the natural world, medicine, and science in Jewish thought from antiquity to the modern era. It looks especially at a body of primary sources in Hebrew written during the age of the so-called 'scientific revolution' and during its aftermath. The course is a seminar open to undergraduate and graduate students with a reading knowledge of classical Hebrew. Students without Hebrew with special interest in the subject might enroll with special permission from the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"41647", path:"/courses/41647", description:"This course examines the art and science of negotiation. This course develops managerial skills by combining lectures with practice, using exercises where students negotiate with each other. Over the course of the semester, students will engage in a number of simulated negotiations ranging from simple one issue transactions to multi-party joint ventures. Through these exercises and associated readings, students explore the basic theoretical models of bargaining and have an opportunity to test and improve their negotiation skills. Cross-listed with LGST 806/OPIM 691.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY AND HUMAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"40116", path:"/courses/40116", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"41148", path:"/courses/41148", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROGRAMMING & PROB SOLV", number:"null", id:"36946", path:"/courses/36946", description:"This course develops students problem solving skills using techniques that they have learned during their CS training. Over the course of the semester, students work on group projects in which they use programming techniques to solve open-ended problems, e.g. optimization, simulation, etc. There are no 'correct' answers to these problems; rather, the focus is on the four steps of the problem solving process: algorithmic thinking; programming; analysis; and communication.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY RUSSIAN I", number:"null", id:"42084", path:"/courses/42084", description:"This course develops elementary skills in reading, speaking, understanding and writing the Russian language. We will work with an exciting range of authentic written materials, the Internet, videos and recordings relating to the dynamic scene of Russia today. At the end of the course students will be comfortable with the Russian alphabet and will be able to read simplified literary, commercial, and other types of texts (signs, menus, short news articles, short stories) and participate in elementary conversations about daily life (who you are, what you do every day, where you are from, likes and dislikes).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN POLITICAL PHIL", number:"null", id:"36344", path:"/courses/36344", description:"The seminar will focus on Three Liberalisms: Classical Liberalism, Libertarianism, and the High Liberal tradition. What is liberalism and which rights and institutions are essetial to it? Particular attention will be given to diffing accounts of property, the role of markets, and taxation in establishing distributive justice. Are rights of property natural and/or absolute, or is property a social convention that should be adjusted to meet social needs and circumstances? Are fair distributions of income and wealth grounded entirely in market exchanges and other consensual transfers? Or should distributions be arranged to meet some prior pattern of economic jsutice. Does government have a duty to provide public goods and to meet the basic needs of its members? What is the relationship between liberalism and democracy? Readings from Rawls, Hayek, Nagel, Friedman, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Body Image: Etiology, Psychopathology and Treatment", number:"null", id:"42055", path:"/courses/42055", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"36260", path:"/courses/36260", description:"This course will build on concepts presented in the Diagnosis and Management of Adults across the Lifespan (NURS 646) course. The focus is on refining health assessment skills, interpreting findings, developing and implementing appropriate plans of care to meet common health maintenance needs of adults and to promote the health of adults with more complex health problems with an emphasis on the frail adult. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care. The emphasis will be placed upon managing an aging population with complex, chronic healthcare needs and promoting healthy behaviors across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BATT & SUPER-CAP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42750", path:"/courses/42750", description:"This is a senior / graduate course on scientific and technological fundamentals as they apply to electrochemical batteries and super-capacitors. The perspective utilized will be a combination of materials and systems science. The course will introduce the student to the different categories of electrochemical cells and batteries, and their related chemistry, kinds of super-capacitors, charging and discharging profiles, equivalent series resistance (ESR), power capacities, and lifetimes. For super-capacitors, the student will be introduced to double layer capacitance (DLC) and pseudo-capacitance types of energy storage, super-capacitor fundamentals through Faradaic and non-Faradaic processes, pseudo-capacitance of metal oxides and electro-active polymers (EAPs), non-ideal polarizable electrodes, energetics and kinetics of electrode processes, theories of dielectric polarization, inorganic and organic electrol carbonaceous materials, effective surface area (ESA) and functionalizations, as well as the AC impedance behavior of batteries and super-capacitors including the self-discharge characteristics of both. The fundamental electrochemical relations will be discussed, as well as battery / super-caps system modeling, and batteries management systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TISSUE ENG/PR/MTHD/APP", number:"null", id:"35359", path:"/courses/35359", description:"Tissue engineering demonstrates enormous potential for improving human health. While there is an extensive body of literature discussing the state of the art of tissue engineering, the majority of this literature is descriptive and does little to address the principles that govern the success or failure of an engineering tissue. This course explores principles of tissue engineering, drawing upon diverse fields such as developmental biology, immunology, cell biology, physiology, transport phenomena, material science, and polymer chemistry. Current and developing methods of tissue engineering as well as specific applications will be discussed in the context of these principles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKTG FOR SOCIAL IMPACT", number:"null", id:"40337", path:"/courses/40337", description:"Private and public sector firms increasingly use marketing strategies to engage their customers and stakeholders around social impact. To do so, managers need to understand how best to engage and influence customers to behave in ways that have positive social effects. This course focuses on the strategies for changing the behavior of a target segment of consumers on key issues in the public interest (e.g., health behaviors, energy efficiency, poverty reduction, fundraising for social causes). How managers partner with organizations (e.g., non-profits, government) to achieve social impact will also be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSIBILITY IN BUS.", number:"null", id:"40217", path:"/courses/40217", description:"This course uses a professional services context to introduce students to important ethical and legal challenges they will face as leaders in such fields as financial services, health care, real estate, and consulting. However, the scope is not limited to these contexts and will be equally useful to students preparing for any managerial position that is likely to place them in advisory and/or agency roles owing duties to employers, clients, suppliers, and customers. Although coverage will vary depending on instructor, the focus of the course will be on developing skills in ethical and legal analyses that can assist managers as they make both individual-level and firm-level decisions about the responsible courses of action when duties, loyalties, rules, norms, and interests are in conflict. For example, the rules of insider trading may form the basis for lessons in some sections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"35343", path:"/courses/35343", description:"This course investigates the application of materials science and engineering to biomedical applications, with a focus on polymers, ceramics, and metals. The course will cover concepts related to basic material fabrication and synthesis, structure and property characterization, as well as applications of biomaterials. The lecture and recitation will be complemented with laboratory examples of material assessment and characterization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"44622", path:"/courses/44622", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"37213", path:"/courses/37213", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHRO STUDY CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38083", path:"/courses/38083", description:"An introduction to the study of culture and human institutions, how they change, and their role in both literate and nonliterate societies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRAVEL, TRADE, AND WAR IN THE MODERN MEDITERRANEAN", number:"null", id:"38744", path:"/courses/38744", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN H&SS", number:"null", id:"40165", path:"/courses/40165", description:"Seminar for first-year graduate students, undergraduate majors, and advanced undergraduates. Reading will introduce the student to current work concerning the effect of social context on science, technology, and medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY ISSUES IN HUMAN SEXUALITY AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"43235", path:"/courses/43235", description:"Emphasizes the theories of sexual development and sexual behavior within the continuum of health and disease. Common sexual practices of people are studied in relation to life-style and/or situational life crisis. Contemporary issues in sexuality and health will be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"43502", path:"/courses/43502", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevant to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Political Psychology: Terrorism, Radicalization, Martyrdom and Revolution", number:"null", id:"44863", path:"/courses/44863", description:"Seminar will focus on rare events that change history: terrorism; revolution, and martyrdom (not to be confused with suicide bombing). Applying theory and research from social psychology, evolutionary psychology and behavioral economics we will try to understand these phenomena from the inside out: from individual psychology of terrorists, revolutionaries and martyrs to mass psychology of large publics moved by these individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LUSOPHONE CULTURE - SOCIETY AND VISUAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"44806", path:"/courses/44806", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see department's webpage: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"45158", path:"/courses/45158", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Infrastructure Investment and Economic Growth: Why, How, and When", number:"null", id:"38660", path:"/courses/38660", description:"Infrastructure is widely acknowledged to be critical for economic success, and infrastructure investments are promoted as leading to economic growth, either at the local or national level. Yet, investments in telecommunications, transportation, energy, or other infrastructure do not always yield the hoped public benefit. This course will help answer the question: Under what circumstances does infrastructure investment contribute to economic growth, and how do we know? Because government resources are limited, advocates often mustbe creative to find sufficient funding to get desirable projects completed. This course will also help answer the question: How do we pay for the infrastructure projects we want to build? The course will illustrate approaches to answering these questions using case studies of past and proposed investments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, THEORY", number:"null", id:"39101", path:"/courses/39101", description:"The antepartum course builds upon the well-woman health care course. The focus is management of prenatal care for the childbearing family. Conceptual threads of public policy and ethics are integrated within the content to help students to identify broader implications for prenatal care. Content includes theory and practice related to nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management of the normal pregnant woman, and nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management and strategies to reduce selected obstetric complications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM MUSC POST 1950ITALY", number:"null", id:"44586", path:"/courses/44586", description:"An exploration of cinematic sound through the lens of specific composer/director collaborations in post-1950 Italy, examining scores, soundtracks, and the interaction of diegetic and non-diegetic music with larger soundscapes. Composers Nino Rota and Ennio Morricone serve as case studies, in partnership with directors Fellini, Visconti, Leone, Pontecorve, Pasolini, and Coppola. Highlights include several excerpts form the Fellini/Rota collaboration, including The White Sheik, I vitelloni, The Road, Nights of Cabiria, La dolce vita, 8 1/2, Juliet of the Spirits, Satyricon, The Clowns, Roma, Amarcord, Casanova, and Orchestra Rehearsal. Rota's music for Visconti will be examined in Senso, the Leopard, and Rocco and his Brothers, along with his Transatlantic collaboration for The Godfather. Morricone's work with various directors will be discussed in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly, The Battle of Algiers, and Teorema, as well as for American films such as Malick's Days of Heaven and Tarantino's The Hateful Eight. Weekly screenings required. Open to all: music majors, minors, and non-majors; will count toward requirements for music minor. Knowledge of music and Italian helpful but not required. All readings and lectures in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38234", path:"/courses/38234", description:"This course is designed for beginning graduate students and advanced undergraduates with a particular enthusiasm for cell biology. Biology 480 does not attempt to cover all aspects of cell biology, and is therefore not appropriate for students seeking a lecture course which provides a comprehensive survey of the field. Rather, the primary objective of this course is to teach those students considering a career in the biomedical sciences how to read, discuss, and question original research papers effectively. Intensive classroom discussions focus on the experimental methods used, results obtained, interpretation of these results in the context of cell structure and function, and implications for further studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE BEFORE 1660", number:"null", id:"42657", path:"/courses/42657", description:"This course will introduce students to key works of English literature written before 1660. It will explore the major literary genres of this period, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. The course will examine how literature texts articulate changes in language and form, as well as in concepts of family, nation, and community during the medieval and early modern periods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EDUCATIONAL INEQUALITY", number:"null", id:"37913", path:"/courses/37913", description:"Topics vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL ILLNESS", number:"null", id:"36524", path:"/courses/36524", description:"This course is designed to give a general overview of how sociologists study mental illness. We will be concerned with describing the contributions of sociological research and exploring how these contributions differ from those of psychology, psychiatry, and social work. This overview will be done in three parts: we will discuss (i) what 'mental illness' is, (ii) precisely how many Americans are mentally ill, (iii) how social factors (e.g. race, gender, class) and social arrangements (e.g. social networks) lead to mental illness, and (iv) how we as a society respond to and treat the mentally ill. Throughout the course, we will be concerned with uncovering the assumptions behind difffent definitions of mental health and exploring their political, social, and legal implications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF HINDUISM", number:"null", id:"36497", path:"/courses/36497", description:"This course will explore the history of the religion(s) designated by the term 'Hinduism' from their earliest articulations down to the rise of modern reforms in the nineteenth century. The study of Hinduism is perhaps unique among the scholarly traditions on world religions in that it has to date had no serious connected account of its historical development, as scholars have preferred to take structural, sociological, phenomenological, and doctrinal approaches to the religion. The course, after a brief review of scholarly approaches to Hinduism and their interpretive legacies, will seek to develop a historical sense of the religion through attention to shifts in liturgy, ritual, theology, doctrine, sacral kingship, and soteriology. The course will include the reading of primary sources relevant to understanding these changes a well as highlight both modern and premodern traditions of their interpretation. It will also consider and assess some of the key interpretive ideas in the study of Hinduism, including, Sanskritization, Great and Little Traditions, cult formation, regional and popular religious movements, and canon formation. There will also be sustained consideration of the question of religion and socio-political power as well as relations between Hinduism and other religions like Buddhism and Islam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN-ACCEL", number:"null", id:"37380", path:"/courses/37380", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the elementary year for students who have never studied Italian before but have already fulfilled the language requirement in another modern language, preferably a romance language. Students who have fulfilled the language requirement in a language other than a romance language will be considered on an individual basis. All students must have departmental permission to register. 

Class work emphasizes the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISK MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38187", path:"/courses/38187", description:"This course introduces the concepts and techniques available to individuals, corporations, governments, and other organizations in their efforts to manage risk. The course explores how individuals and firms assess and evaluate risk, the tools available to successfully manage risk, and real-world frictions that limit the amount of risk-sharing in the economy. We focus on pure risks that are relevant for individuals and firms, such as mortality and health-related expenses, property damage, product liability, and employee benefits (e.g. pensions). The course examines a common set of techniques that can be used by individuals and managers in dealing with risk, including risk assumption, prevention, diversification, and transfer via insurance and non-insurance market mechanisms. Our focus is primarily on explaining the products and institutions that we see in the world, which will prepare students for making decisions in their future careers and lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMPUTATIONAL BIOLOGY & BIOLOGICAL MODELING", number:"null", id:"39632", path:"/courses/39632", description:"Biology is flooded with data that cannot be understood without computational analysis and modeling. Computational Biology is a subfield of natural science where quantitative approaches are used to discover and understand biological and medical phenomena. The goal of this course is to develop a deep understanding of techniques and concepts used in Computational Biology. The course will strive to focus on a small set of approaches to gain both theoretical and practical understanding of the methods. We will aim to cover practical issues such as programming and the use of programs, as well as theoretical issues such as algorithm design, statistical data analysis, theory of algorithms and statistics. Topics to be discussed include theory of computing, probability theory, multivariate statistics, molecular evolution, and network models. Grading is primarily based on 3 project reports.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38430", path:"/courses/38430", description:"International monetary economics with emphasis on economic policy in an open economy. Topics covered in the course include: balance-of-payments adjustment, theories of exchange rate determinaton, the effects of exchange rate devaluation, macroeconomic policy under fixed and floating exchange rates, the Euro-dollar market, currency and balance of payments crises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IN PRAISE OF THE SMALL", number:"null", id:"40063", path:"/courses/40063", description:"We can memorize aphorisms and jokes, carry miniature portraits with us, and feel playful in handling small objects. This seminar will ask us to pay attention to smaller texts, art works, and objects that may easily be overlooked. In addition to reading brief texts and looking at images and objects, we will also read texts on the history and theory of short genres and the small.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UTOPIA", number:"null", id:"35928", path:"/courses/35928", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"44549", path:"/courses/44549", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART OF THE WEB: INTERACTIVE CONCEPTS FOR ART AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39961", path:"/courses/39961", description:"Art of the Web: Interactive concepts for art and design is a first step in learning how tocreate, analyze and discuss interactive content, as a visual creator. It is an exploration of the culture of the internet, the ideas behind its quirks, the dreams and freedoms it encapsulates, and the creative power it gives to us. Students will be assigned projects that will challenge their current understanding of the web, and the ways it shapes human connectivity and interaction. Upon completion of this course, students will possess a working knowledge how to organize and design websites and learn to critique web-content including navigation, UX design and information ? ?architecture. The course will require analytical and conceptual skills and foster creative thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK/HERITAGE SPKRS I", number:"null", id:"41492", path:"/courses/41492", description:"This course is intended to help Heritage Speakers or student with prior knowledge of conversational modern Greek (or even Ancient Greek) to refresh or enrich their knowledge of modern Greek and who would not be a good fit for the elementary or intermediate classes. A theme based textbook and instructions along with a comprehensive overview of grammar as a whole is presented while original text, songs, video and other media are used in order to augment vocabulary and increase fluency in modern Greek. Students are expected to properly use the language, do theme-based research on the themes examined and provide written work on various subjects and make conversation in class. Presentations on researched topics account for final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYNTAX I", number:"null", id:"41666", path:"/courses/41666", description:"A general introduction at the graduate level to the analysis of sentence structure. The approach taken is that of contemporary generative-transformational grammar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEMENTARY/ALTERNATIVE THERAPIES IN WOMEN'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"41890", path:"/courses/41890", description:"The dramatic rise in the use of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) by the American public requires that the contemporary health care practitioner have an awareness of CAM therapies and modalities currently available. The end result of this is course will not be proficiency in the practice of any of these modalities in particular, but rather a basic understanding of each approach to common conditions and their potential contribution to health and well-being. The focus of the CAM modalities discussed in this course will center on their use in women's health care provision.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETISM I", number:"null", id:"41987", path:"/courses/41987", description:"First term course in intermediate electromagnetism. Topics include electrostatics, static potential theory, multipole expansions, Laplace equation, image solutions, fields in polarized matter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Modern India", number:"null", id:"39294", path:"/courses/39294", description:"This introductory course will provide an outline of major events and themes in Indian history, from the Mughal Empire in the 16th century to the re-emergence of India as a global player in the 21st century. The course will discuss the following themes: society and economy in Mughal India; global trade between India and the West in the 17th century; the rise of the English East India Company's control over Indian subcontinent in the 18th century; its emergence and transformation of India into a colonial economy; social and religious reform movements in the 19th century; the emergence of elite and popular anti-colonial nationalisms; independence and the partition of the subcontinent; the emergence of the world's largest democracy; the making of an Indian middle class; and the nuclearization of South Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROCESS SYS DESIGN PROJ", number:"null", id:"38245", path:"/courses/38245", description:"Design of chemical, biochemical, and materials products and processes based on recent advances in chemical and bioengineering technology. Design group weekly meetings with faculty advisor and industrial consultants. Comprehensive design report and formal oral presentation. Heat exchanger design and profitability analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"36573", path:"/courses/36573", description:"This course will explore the emergence of modern science fiction as a genre, the ways it has reflected our evolving conceptions of ourselves and the universe, and its role as the mythology of modern technological civilization. We will discuss such characteristic themes as utopias, the explortion of space and time, biological engineering, superman, robots, aliens, and other worlds--and the differences between European and American treatment of these themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES III:", number:"null", id:"41985", path:"/courses/41985", description:"Laws of thermodynamics, gas laws and heat engines. Waves on a string, electromagnetic waves including optical phenomena such as refraction, interference and diffraction. Introduction to special relativity including time dilation, length contraction, simultaneity, Lorentz transforms and relativistic energy and momentum. Students are encouraged but not required to take Math 240 concurrently or in advance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED ELEM GERMAN", number:"null", id:"44263", path:"/courses/44263", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL NARRATIVE", number:"null", id:"39979", path:"/courses/39979", description:"Visual Narrative is an introduction to the practice of storytelling with images. From news and information to art, law, and science, visual storytelling is a critical aspect of creating and navigating contemporary culture. This course is situated at the intersection of design, art, and visual culture, focusing on relevant forms and topics including the photo essay, information design and visual explanation, the photographic sequence in contemporary art, scenario design and concept visualization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFORMANCE STUDIO", number:"null", id:"44146", path:"/courses/44146", description:"This course supports the individual and collaborative production of performance works. As the medium of performance consists of diverse forms, actions, activities, practices and methodologies, the course allows for an open exploration in terms of material and form. Students are invited to utilize technologies, materials and methodologies from other mediums and/or disciplines such as video, photography, writing and sound. In addition to the production component, the course will examine multiple histories of performance through readings, screenings and directed research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"45316", path:"/courses/45316", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE HC SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44288", path:"/courses/44288", description:"This course examines the structure of health care systems in different countries, focusing on financing, reimbursement, delivery systems and adoption of new technologies. We study the relative roles of private sector and public sector insurance and providers, and the effect of system design on cost, quality, efficiency and equity of medical services. Some issues we address are normative: Which systems and which public/private sector mixes are better at achieving efficiency and equity? Other issues are positive: How do these different systems deal with the tough choices, such as decisions about new technologies? Our focus first on the systems in four large, prototypical OECD countries- Germany, Canada, Japan, and the United Kingdom -and then look at other developed and emerging countries with interesting systems - including Italy, Chile, Singapore, Brazil, China and India. We will draw lessons for the U.S. from foreign experience and vice versa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Drug Wars:  The Influence of Psychoactive Rhetoric", number:"null", id:"35542", path:"/courses/35542", description:"Competing views about the dangers and potential benefits of drugs are ubiquitous. As the world transitions its drug laws regarding psychedelic medicines, the legalization of marijuana, and 'mandatory minimum' jail sentences, how can we gain insight into the cultural history of drugs in our society? This Critical Speaking Seminar will provide the opportunity for students to directly engage with recent debates over drug legislation by critically reflecting on the evolution of literature about drugs over the past 250 years. In conversation with newspaper articles, scientific research, governmental reports, and literary texts, we will examine the history of drug use and legislation from America's early stages of prohibition through President Nixon's 'war on drugs' to contemporary legal challenges. How does the cultural understanding of drugs change with shifts in rhetoric? How can we balance the need to protect society as a whole while still respecting individual freedoms and privacy? What role should the government play in regulating scientific research? How can the latest scientific and sociological research help to guide legislative decisions? We will respectfully opposing viewpoints through discussions, individual and group presentations, and in-class debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLYMERS & BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"40362", path:"/courses/40362", description:"Polymer is one of the most widely used materials in our daily life, from the rubber tires to clothes, from photoresists in chip manufacturing to flexible electronics and smart sensors, from Scotch tapes to artificial tissues. This course teaches entry-level knowledge in polymer synthesis, characterization, thermodynamics, and structure-property relationship. Emphasis will be on understanding both chemical and physical aspects and polymer chain size/dimension that drive the molecular, microscopic and macroscopic structures and the resulting properties. We will discuss how to apply polymer designs to advance nanotechnology, electronics, energy and biotechnology. Case studies include thermodynamics of block copolymer thin films and their applications in nanolithography, shape memory polymers, hydrogels, and elastomeric deformation and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"42549", path:"/courses/42549", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"36605", path:"/courses/36605", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARMACOLOGY OF ANESTHETICS AND ACCESSORY DRUGS", number:"null", id:"41866", path:"/courses/41866", description:"This course explores the various routes of anesthetic administration addressing the potential benefits and risk of each. Special emphasis is placed on specific anesthetic agents and their appropriate use. The responses and common complications associated with these agents are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to International Relations", number:"null", id:"39208", path:"/courses/39208", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOLKLORE & SUPERNATURAL", number:"null", id:"35815", path:"/courses/35815", description:"Some beliefs in the supernatural have not diminished appreciably in modern cultures, in spite of many predictions that they would do so. This course will examine traditional beliefs about supernatural beings, supernatural realms, and humans who interact with these, as well as the historical development of Western ideas of 'the supernatural' itself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DIRECTING", number:"null", id:"39392", path:"/courses/39392", description:"This class will introduce the basic principals of stage directing, beginning with the fundamentals of three-dimensional storytelling in script and character analysis. The aim of this course is to provide students with a basic knowledge of directing through an introduction to the functional tools of the craft. Classes provide lectures and practical work in dealing with topics such as the function of the director, analyzing a script, visual composition, blocking, stage business, and working with actors. This course is a prerequisite for Advanced Directing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SERVICES DEL: A Managerial Economic Approach", number:"null", id:"38706", path:"/courses/38706", description:"The purpose of this course is to apply economics to an analysis of the health care industry, with special emphasis on the unique characteristics of the US healthcare markets, from pre-hospital to post-acute care. This course focuses on salient economic features of health care delivery, including: the role of nonprofit providers, the effects of regulation and antitrust activity on hospitals, the degree of input substitutability within hospitals, the nature of competition in home health care, public versus private provision of emergency medical services, the effect of specialty hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, defining and improving medical performance in hospitals, specialization and investment in physical and human capital, shifting of services between inpatient and outpatient settings and its effect on health care costs and quality, and innovation in primary care from retail clinics to patient-centered medical homes and retainer-based medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDER: PREVALENCE, ETIOLOGY, SCREENING AND ASSESSMENT", number:"null", id:"40453", path:"/courses/40453", description:"Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course provides an overview of the public health problem of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Content addresses the natural history, etiology, rising prevalence, risk factors, and core features. Changes in prevalence statistics and possible causes are outlineThese subjects are described in general terms for an overall picture of the disorder. Taking a developmental approach, students begin case management and follow a family through screening, diagnosis and treatment planning. Key information is elaborated through case studies. The course highlights the important and evolving role of nurses in the care of people with ASD. Content is supported by the scientific literature. Students' clinical experiences startthe identification of and collaborative work with a family that has a young chiwith ASD. The student follows that family and the child through diagnosis, treatments and long term planning. This case approach allows the student to work with the same family over the entire post-masters program to learn the value of interdisciplinary, contiguous care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF CELL BIO", number:"null", id:"38214", path:"/courses/38214", description:"An intermediate level exploration of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH SEMINAR IN EXPERIMENTS IN CRIME AND JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"39795", path:"/courses/39795", description:"This seminar focuses on examining data from experiments in criminology including: randomized controlled trials of criminal justice policies, 'natural' experiments in crime, and other quasi-experimental studies. A series of experiments conducted by Penn scholars and elsewhere will be examined. This seminar also guides criminology majors in writing a research proposal for their thesis. Students will learn about how to formulate a research question, develop a review of the literature, and how to apply necessary empirical methods. The final paper for this course will be a research proposal that can serve as the basis for the student's senior thesis and to satisfy the senior capstone requirement. Readings will come from the disciplines of criminology, sociology, psychology, economics, and urban planning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"39126", path:"/courses/39126", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics: Experiments for Business Decision Making", number:"null", id:"40352", path:"/courses/40352", description:"In the past decade, massive shifts in how companies interact with their customers have suddenly made field experiments an economically feasible way to learn about a variety of business questions such as what types of promotions are most effective, what products should be stocked at a store, how e-mail promotions should be designed, how sales staff should be compensated, etc. Many marketers engaged in online retailing, direct-marketing, online advertising, media management, etc. are rapidly embracing a 'test and learn' philosophy and a number of platforms such as Google Website Optimizer, have been developed to facilitate rigorous field experiments in the online environment. Just as with the quality revolution in manufacturing during the 1980s and 1990s, the rapid rise of the 'test and learn' philosophy in marketing has created a huge demand for those who can design, field, and analyze marketing experiments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOV, CHG AND ENT", number:"null", id:"36124", path:"/courses/36124", description:"This course will provide students with a theoretical foundation and a set of practical tools for the management of innovation, and the change associated with it, both in corporate settings and start-up situations. For the purposes of the course, innovation is defined as the profitable commercialization of a new idea: product, market, process or technology. The theoretical background will be provided by multiple readings, your knowledge of which will be tested in a readings report. The practical tools will be provided via lecture/discussion sessions, your skills at which will be demonstrated in an innovation assessment for an actual innovation opportunity. In addition the teams will be required to present a proposed game-changing innovation that reconfigures the basis of competition in a selected industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DECISION SYS: Advanced Decision Systems: Agents, Games, and Evolution", number:"null", id:"36303", path:"/courses/36303", description:"This course is taught with the more descriptive title of 'Agents, Games, and Evolution.' It explores applications and fundamentals of strategic behavior. Strategic, or game-theoretic, topics arise throughout the social sciences. The topics include--and we discuss--trust, cooperation, market-related phenomena (including price equilibria and distribution of wealth), norms, conventions, commitment, coalition formation, and negotiation. They also include such applied matters as design of logistics systems, auctions, and markets generally (for example, markets for electric power generation). In addressing these topics we focus on the practical problem of finding effective strategies for agents in strategic situations (or games). Our method of exploration will be experimental: we review and discuss experiments, principally computational experiments, on the behavior of boundedly rational agents in strategic (or game-theoretic) situations. Course work includes readings, discussions in class (organized as a seminar), examinations, and a course project on a topic chosen by the participants.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY & FASHION", number:"null", id:"39978", path:"/courses/39978", description:"Since the invention of photography, the fashion industry has been one of the cornerstones of creative expression, innovation and visionary provocation. Contemporary fashion photography has continued to attract a leading group of image-makers that continue the tradition of creating artwork that not only is being published in cutting edge magazines such as V, Another Magazine and Citizen K, but also are exhibiting their work in various galleries and museums around the world. This course is designed for students who are interested in creating contemporary fashion images through specific assignments that define the process: lighting in studio or location, working with fashion designers, stylists, models, hair/ make up artists, and the application of a variety of post production techniques, via Photoshop. The class will explore modern constructs that define the importance of branding, marketing, advertising and the relationship of fashion photography in contemporary art and culture today.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"44180", path:"/courses/44180", description:"The Spring semester seminar culminates in a senior thesis exhibition for each graduating student. These exhibitions have traditionally been held as a small group exhibition featuring a few students in one group, or as a larger end of semester exhibition with each student installing a series of works. The format of the exhibition will be determined during the fall semester by the senior faculty. The process of preparing, installing, and promoting the thesis exhibition is covered in detail throughout the semester. Students will work in their on-campus studio spaces to produce dynamic, thoughtful and well-crafted work that will serve as their final portfolio. They will present their portfolio of work during a final critique before graduation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PALEOECOLOGY: DISCOVERING LOST ECOSYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44252", path:"/courses/44252", description:"Paleoecology, or ecology in the fossil record,is the study of how interactions between species have developed over time and how ecosystems and environmental change have shaped the evolution of life and biodiversity.It also involves rebuilding lost communities from fossil evidence to provide context for the origins of modern life and modern ecosystems.This seminar course will survey major topics in Paleoecology, including of ecosystems,the long-term connections between habitat, life mode and biodiversity as well as the distribution of life (e.g. paleobiogeography), escalation between predatorsand prey, competition between invasive and resident species, and how we can infer the ecology and behavior of long-dead organisms. Students will lead discussions on select concepts and choose one topic to investigate in depth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIFF EQUATIONS & LIN ALG", number:"null", id:"41330", path:"/courses/41330", description:"This course discusses the theory and application of linear algebra and differential equations. Emphasis is placed on building intuition for the underlying concepts and their applications in engineering practice along with tools for solving problems. We will also use computer simulations in MATLAB to augment this intuition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MGMT SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39121", path:"/courses/39121", description:"Understanding how to use data and business analytics can be the key differential for a company's success or failure. This course is designed to introduce fundamental quantitative decisionmaking tools for a broad range of managerial decision problems. Topics covered include linear, nonlinear, and discrete optimization, dynamic programming, and simulation. Students will apply these quantitative models in applications of portfolio management, electricity auctions, revenue management for airlines, manufacturing, advertising budget allocation, and healthcare scheduling operations. Emphasis in this course is placed on mathematical modeling of real world problems and implementation of decision making tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"45100", path:"/courses/45100", description:"An introduction to the scientific study of vision, with an emphasis on the biological substrate and its relation to behavior. Topics will typically include physiological optics, transduction of light, visual thresholds, anatomy and physiology of the visual pathways, retinal processing, properties of visual cortex, and color vision.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"42570", path:"/courses/42570", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Postbac program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLYMERS & BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"37575", path:"/courses/37575", description:"Polymer is one of the most widely used materials in our daily life, from the rubber tires to clothes, from photoresists in chip manufacturing to flexible electronics and smart sensors, from Scotch tapes to artificial tissues. This course teaches entry-level knowledge in polymer synthesis, characterization, thermodynamics, and structure-property relationship. Emphasis will be on understanding both chemical and physical aspects and polymer chain size/dimension that drive the molecular, microscopic and macroscopic structures and the resulting properties. We will discuss how to apply polymer designs to advance nanotechnology, electronics, energy and biotechnology. Case studies include thermodynamics of block copolymer thin films and their applications in nanolithography, shape memory polymers, hydrogels, and elastomeric deformation and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WIRELESS MOBILE COMM", number:"null", id:"41156", path:"/courses/41156", description:"This course covers generations of wireless mobile network standards and systems, basic differences and their evolution, charting the development of mobile telecommunications systems from 3G, to today's state-of-the-art wireless technology 4G LTE, and the next generation wireless technology, 5G.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN PROJECT", number:"null", id:"39582", path:"/courses/39582", description:"Group design projects in various areas of bioengineering. Projects are chosen by the students with approval of the instructor in the Spring semester of the Junior year and refined during the Fall semester. The course guides the students through choosing and understanding a biomedical problem, defining characteristics of a successful design solution, creatively developing potential approaches to designing solutions to eliminate or mitigate the problem, choosing, iteratively refining, and implementing a particular solution, and evaluating how well the solution fulfills the need. Final oral and written reports are required. Also emphasized are teamwork, project management, time management, regulations/standards, and effective communication.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"40434", path:"/courses/40434", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG PICTURES: MURAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"37159", path:"/courses/37159", description:"The history and practice of the contemporary mural movement couples step by step analysis of the process of designing with painting a mural. In addition students will learn to see mural art as a tool for social change. This course combines theory with practice. Students will design and paint a large outdoor mural in West Philadelphia in collaboration with Philadelphia high school students and community groups. The class is co-taught by Jane Golden, director of the Mural Arts Program in Philadelphia, and Shira Walinsky, a mural arts painter and founder of Southeast by Southeast project, a community center for Burmese refugees in South Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE: REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"40765", path:"/courses/40765", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36167", path:"/courses/36167", description:"Independent student or team research on the design and construction of an original experimental or theoretical project related to materials science. The results of this project are presented at the end of the year in the form of a thesis and in an oral presentation to peers and faculty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"21st Century Latin American Literature", number:"null", id:"37939", path:"/courses/37939", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN REDEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"42225", path:"/courses/42225", description:"This course will consider urban redevelopment from the early 20th century to the present day, looking at ways the economic, political, and social underpinnings of redevelopment practice have changed over that time. From the City Beautiful movement to Transit Oriented Development, the course will look at why and how the public, private, and non-profit sectors have intervened in urban neighborhoods, and will contemplate consequences - positive and negative - of those interventions. Students will be introduced to some of the technical aspects of redevelopment, including architecture/design, planning, and financing. The class will be in seminar format, mixing lecture, discussion, and guest speakers. The course requirements include a mid-term paper, an in-class charrette, and a final development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"36314", path:"/courses/36314", description:"This is a course the builds on the basic Negotiation course. In this course, we explore a wide range of negotiation topics from crisis and hostage negotiations, to the role of emotions including anxiety, envy and anger in negotiations, to backlash effects for women in negotiations, and the role of alcohol in negotiations. We will survey many aspects of current negotiation research, discuss historic negotiation cases, and students will participate in role-play exercise. Many of the role play exercises will involve multi-party negotiations and afford opportunities to hone skills in team-based negotiations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Body Image: Etiology, Psychopathology and Treatment", number:"null", id:"40614", path:"/courses/40614", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"37546", path:"/courses/37546", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: NURSES AND THE CHILD WELFARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"37643", path:"/courses/37643", description:"Building on knowledge and skill acquired through undergraduate nursing courses, this case study offers nursing majors an in depth and interprofessional opportunity to study research, policy, and practice-based issues in children and families involved with the child welfare system. Special emphasis is placed on the role of the nurse in the child welfare system. Fieldwork experiences will enable students to gain practical experience regarding the needs of children and families with an emphasis on a consideration of how to achieve partnership and create alliances with parents and youngsters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"42969", path:"/courses/42969", description:"Women's health is a constant refrain of modern life, prompting impassioned debates that speak to the fundamental nature of our society. Women's bodies are the tableaux across which politicians, physicians, healthcare professional, activists, and women themselves dispute issues as wide-ranging as individual versus collective rights, the legitimacy of scientific and medical knowledge, the role of the government in healthcare, inequalities of care, and the value of experiential knowledge, among many others. Understanding the history of these questions is crucial for informed engagement with contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MED PHYSICS ETHICS & REG", number:"null", id:"36156", path:"/courses/36156", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39165", path:"/courses/39165", description:"This self-contained course (presupposing no substantive prior background in philosophy nor any extensive knowledge of science) provides an advanced introduction to the central philosophical questions concerning the nature of scientific knowledge and its relation to experience, and the metaphysical assumptions underlying the natural sciences. Topics to be covered include: science versus pseudoscience, laws of nature, causation, determinism and randomness, theories and models in science, scientific explanation, underdetermination of theories by observation and measurement, realism and antirealism, reductionism and intertheory relations, objectivity and value judgments in science, hypothesis testing and confirmation of scientific theories, and classical paradoxes in scientific methodology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"39180", path:"/courses/39180", description:"Special relativity, an introduction to the principle of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"35564", path:"/courses/35564", description:"This course examines how the criminal justice system responds to crime in society. The course reviews the historical development of criminal justice agencies in the United States and Europe and the available scientific evidence on the effect these agencies have on controlling crime. The course places an emphasis on the functional creation of criminal justice agencies and the discretionary role decision makers in these agencies have in deciding how to enforce criminal laws and whom to punish. Evidence on how society measures crime and the role that each major criminal justice agency plays in controlling crime is examined from the perspective of crime victims, police, prosecutors, jurors, judges, prison officials, probation officers and parole board members. Using the model of social policy evaluation, the course asks students to consider how the results of criminal justice could be more effectively delivered to reduce the social and economic costs of crime.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTROL OF SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42749", path:"/courses/42749", description:"Basic methods for analysis and design of feedback control in systems. Applications to practical systems. Methods presented include time response analysis, frequency response analysis, root locus, Nyquist and Bode plots, and the state-space approach.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADVERTISNG", number:"null", id:"41760", path:"/courses/41760", description:"This course focuses on advertising via all media - print, digital, video, TV, Internet, etc. Emphasis is placed on understanding the communication development process and consumer behavior (psychology), the measurement and evaluation of advertising effects, and developing appropriate media plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Beginning Hindi-Urdu - Part I", number:"null", id:"37300", path:"/courses/37300", description:"Beginning in the fall semester of 2014 Beginning Hindi and Beginning Urdu will be merged into a single course, Beginning Hindi-Urdu. At the beginning level spoken Urdu and Hindi are identical except for a few minor points. The broad outline of the course will thus remain the same as that of the current Beginning Hindi and Urdu courses. Students will learn to communicate with the language in a variety of everyday culturally authentic situations. Additional Urdu and Hindi culture will be integrated through authentic materials such as Bollywood film and music clips, and simple written texts. There will be equal emphasis on both scripts and cultures, and parallel written materials will be provided in both scripts. Students will be expected to develop first-year proficiency in one script of their choice, and will be encouraged to learn both. By merging the two courses students will be exposed to a broader range of linguistic and cultural styles, and students will thus have the opportunity to develop a deeper understanding that more closely resembles that of Hindi and Urdu native speakers. Please direct further inquiries to Josh Pien at jpien@sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE MARTIAL ARTS", number:"null", id:"38391", path:"/courses/38391", description:"This course offers a thematic introduction to the history of martial arts in China. Throughout the semester, we will explore the social, political, and cultural contexts of martial arts practice, from the classical period to the 21st century. The course will take an interdisciplinary approach to situating martial arts practices in history through an examination of religious, literary, and visual sources, against the backdrop of theoretical approaches from across gender studies, anthropology, and cultural theory. The course will be divided into three units. The first unit will focus on the cultural background that led to the emergence of martial arts practices in the pre-modern period. We will examine classical discourses on the human body and its cultivation and the role of medical practices and religious institutions, such as the Shaolin Temple, in the development of martial arts regimens. In the second unit, we will discuss the spread and popularization of martial arts practices in late imperial and modern Chinese society through a close reading of literary sources, such as wuxia novels and other works of fiction. In addition, we will explore the modernization and re-invention of martial arts in the late 19th centuryand early 20th century, when China attempts to re-establish itself as a modern nation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS MOD CHINESE II:LIT", number:"null", id:"42512", path:"/courses/42512", description:"The main difference between this course and CHIN411 is the reading materials and topics. This course is designed for students who have completed a minimum of three years of college level Mandarin classes or equivalent. This course may be used to fulfill language or elective requirement for Chinese major or minor. The objectives of the course are 1) to help students gain an in-depth, multi-faceted and critical understanding of Chinese people, Chinese society and Chinese culture; 2) to facilitate students acquisition of formal or written language; and 3) to develop students' analytical and critical thinking skills. These objectives are achieved primarily through 1) close reading and discussion of original literary texts by 20th-century Chinese writers; and 2) regular writing exercises. Students will also view several Chinese films that are related to the topics of the reading text. The class is to be conducted exclusively in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONALISM AND ETHNIC CONFLICT IN FILM", number:"null", id:"39292", path:"/courses/39292", description:"This course studies the cinematic representation of civil wars, ethnic conflicts, nationalistic doctrines, and genocidal policies. The focus is on the violent developments that took place in Russia and on the Balkans after the collapse of the Soviet Bloc and were conditioned by the new geopolitical dynamics that the fall of communism had already created. We study media broadcasts, documentaries, feature films representing the Eastern, as well as the Western perspective. The films include masterpieces such as 'Time of the Gypsies', 'Underground', 'Prisoner of the Mountains', 'Before the Rain', 'Behind Enemy Lines', and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO II", number:"null", id:"35729", path:"/courses/35729", description:"Video II offers opportunities to further explore the role of cinematic narrative technique, non-narrative forms, digital video cinematography, editing, and screen aesthetics. Through a series of several video projects and a variety of technical exercises, students will refine their ability to articulate technically and conceptually complex creative projects in digital cinema. In addition, one presentation on a contemporary issue related to the application of cinematic storytelling and/or the cultural context of digital video is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ZULU II", number:"null", id:"43669", path:"/courses/43669", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FANTASTIC CITIES: URBAN LANDSCAPES SEEN THORUGH MEMORY IMAGINATION & DREAMS", number:"null", id:"38132", path:"/courses/38132", description:"This seminar introduces the notion of the city, or polis, as a powerful current in our cultural imagination. In contemporary discourse, cities have an edge of glamour: they elicit both fear and desire. Historically, however, cities have been understood as microcosmic models of the organization of human society; a walled city was a place of safety and order, not a site of danger or chaos. This course explores different moments in the cultural fantasies surrounding cities, paying special attention to topics such as the role of the imagination in experiencing cities, historical urban strata, subways and other subterranean spaces below the modern city, urban peripheries, and the modern aesthetic of transparency. The course focuses on representations of some actual cities -- Rome, Berlin, New York, London, Lagos -- as well as a series of utopian and dystopian imagined cities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"35442", path:"/courses/35442", description:"Continuation of CHEM 241.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER METHODS I", number:"null", id:"41682", path:"/courses/41682", description:"Students will use symbolic manipulation software and write programs to solve problems in numerical quadrature, equation-solving, linear algebra and differential equations. Theoretical and computational aspects of the methods will be discussed along with error analysis and a critical comparison of methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"41147", path:"/courses/41147", description:"This course covers core subject matter common to the fields of robotics, character animation and embodied intelligent agents. The intent of the course is to provide the student with a solid technical foundation for developing, animating and controlling articulated systems used in interactive computer game virtual reality simulations and high-end animation applications. The course balances theory with practice by 'looking under the hood' of current animation systems and authoring tools and exams the technologies and techniques used from both a computer science and engineering perspective. Topics covered include: geometric coordinate systems and transformations; quaternions; parametric curves and surfaces; forward and inverse kinematics; dynamic systems and control; computer simulation; keyframe, motion capture and procedural animation; behavior-based animation and control; facial animation; smart characters and intelligent agents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Forensic Neuroscience", number:"null", id:"43789", path:"/courses/43789", description:"Progress in behavioral neuroscience and brain imaging techniques, such as functional and structural Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Positron Emission Tomography (PET) has forced the courts to reconsider the role of behavioral sciences in courtroom decision-making. The goal of this course is to enable students to understand and interpret the use of behaviorial neuro evidence in the justice system. The course will introduce the students to the relevant behavioral neuroscience constructs, principles of brain imaging and rules of scientific evidence. Students will be asked to use this introductory knowledge to critically evaluate the use of brain imaging and other behavioral neuroscience techniques as evidence in representative legal cases. For each case, students will serve as neuroscience experts for the defense or prosecution and prepare, present and defend their testimony against the opposing team. Through this course, students will develop the ability to critically evaluate brain imaging and other neuroscience data in forensic and legal settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42408", path:"/courses/42408", description:"This course will introduce you to 'managerial economics' which is the application of microeconomic theory to managerial decision-making. Microeconomic theory is a remarkably useful body of ideas for understanding and analyzing the behavior of individuals and firms in a variety of economic settings. The goal of the course is for you to understand this body of theory well enough so that you can effectively analyze managerial (and other) problems in an economic framework. While this is a 'tools' course, we will cover many real-world applications, particularly business applications, so that you can witness the usefulness of these tools and acquire the skills to use them yourself. We will depart from the usual microeconomic theory course by giving more emphasis to prescription: What should a manager do in order to achieve some objective? That course deliverable is to compared with description: Why do firms and consumers act the way they do? The latter will still be quite prominent in this course because only by understanding how other firms and customers behave can a manager determin what is best for him or her to do.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDIES IN RABBINIC LIT: CRITICAL STUDY MIDRASH", number:"null", id:"35903", path:"/courses/35903", description:"THE AKEIDAH IN MIDRASH AND IN MEDIEVAL JEWISH BIBLICAL COMMENTARIES The story of the Akeidah (Gen. 22) is one of the most significant and problematic texts in traditional Jewish literature. In this course, we will trace the history of the interpretation of this text in classical Jewish literature, from early post-Biblical interpretations found among the Dead Sea Scrolls, through Rabbinic midrash, and into the various medieval commentators--Rashi, Rashbam, Ibn Ezra, Radak, Ramban, and still others. While the focus of the course will be on the Akeidah, we will also use this text as a test-case to study the history of how Jews read, and why the interpretations of this story differ so radically. Attention will also be paid to contemporary Christian and Islamic interpretations. All texts will be read in the original Hebrew, and students should be able to read unpointed Hebrew texts, but no other previous experience in reading these texts is necessary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG DATA & SOC RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"35548", path:"/courses/35548", description:"Online networks are prevalent in how we access and share information. They shape how we consume news, how we interact with friends, peers and strangers, and how we mobilize groups or try to gain the attention of large audiences. Online networks encourage dynamics of information exchange that can, potentially, be very consequential for the societies we live in or the societies we would like to build. Networked technologies have, in brief, the potential to transform governance, collaboration, and organization, and radically change how we think about regulation and policy making in the digital age.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST EGYPT NEW KINGDOM", number:"null", id:"36208", path:"/courses/36208", description:"Covers principal aspects of ancient Egyptian culture (environment, urbanism, religion, technology, etc.) with special focus on archaeological data; includes study of University Museum artifacts. Follows AMES 266/466 - History of Egypt taught in the Fall semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVAN FRENCH TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"35834", path:"/courses/35834", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory and practice of translation and is designed to help foster a critical understanding of differences between French and English syntactical and lexical patterns. It will introduce students to theoretical concepts and problems of translation, with the ultimate goal being to improve their ability to communicate in more authentic-sounding French. Students will have the opportunity to practice translation individually and to work with their peers on a variety of projects (advertising, journalistic and literary texts, movie and broadcast news subtitling) and to engage in critique and discussion of others' translations. This course will help students refine their language skills and navigate more proficiently between these cultures and language systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL MEDIA & DATA", number:"null", id:"45129", path:"/courses/45129", description:"What are social data and how can we critically, ethically and effectively capture, analyze and use them? During this course, students will gain a well-grounded theoretical understanding of social media combined with practical, hands on experience in capturing and analyzing their own sets of social data. The first part of the course provides an overview of the history of social media, then looks at how practices and platforms vary across the world. Students will also discuss current issues related to social data and questions of ethics and intellectual property as they apply to a number of contexts. The second part of the course delves into capturing and analyzing social data using a wide array of techniques and platforms. Students will gain hands-on experience and a valuable toolkit for data analysis that will allow them to apply the course material to real world problems of their choosin", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WAR AND REPRESENTATION", number:"null", id:"43947", path:"/courses/43947", description:"This class will explore complications of representing war in the 20th and 21st centuries. War poses problems of perception, knowledge, and language. The notional 'fog of war' describes a disturbing discrepancy between agents and actions of war; the extreme nature of the violence of warfare tests the limits of cognition, emotion, and memory; war's traditional dependence on declaration is often warped by language games--'police action,' 'military intervention,' 'nation-building,' or palpably unnamed and unacknowledged state violence. Faced with the radical uncertainty that forms of war bring, modern and contemporary authors have experimented in historically, geographically, experientially and artistically particular ways, forcing us to reconsider even seemingly basic definitions of what a war story can be. Where does a war narrative happen? On the battlefield, in the internment camp, in the suburbs, in the ocean, in the ruins of cities, in the bloodstream? Who narrates war? Soldiers, refugees, gossips, economists, witnesses, bureaucrats, survivors, children, journalists, descendants and inheritors of trauma, historians, those who were never there? How does literature respond to the rise of terrorist or ideology war, the philosophical and material consequences of biological and cyber wars, the role of the nuclear state? How does the problem of war and", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL PROG SPRING TERM: The Global Leader", number:"null", id:"44360", path:"/courses/44360", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMANS & THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"36821", path:"/courses/36821", description:"Intensive exposure to current issues and solutions in contemporary human interactions with the environment. Global in scope, but focused on case histories. Emphasis on providing biological and sociological background for a given major environment-human interaction, and state-of-the-art suggested solutions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"37666", path:"/courses/37666", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"36452", path:"/courses/36452", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments. Format: Although some of the material is presented by lecture, the instructor expects considerable class participation. Cross- listed with LGST 804.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NAT DISTURB & DISASTERS", number:"null", id:"37246", path:"/courses/37246", description:"Natural disturbances play a fundamental role in sculpturing landscapes and structuring natural and human-based ecosystems. This course explores the natural and social science of disturbances by analyzing their geologic causes, their ecological and social consequences, and the role of human behavior in disaster reduction and mitigation. Volcanoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, fires, and extraterrestrial impacts are analyzed and compared.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"36807", path:"/courses/36807", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH-CENT BRITISH LIT", number:"null", id:"44038", path:"/courses/44038", description:"In 1815 in the wake of the battle of Waterloo, Great Britain controlled a staggering quarter of the world's landmass and half of its gross national product. This course will begin with the Napoleonic Wars and this Regency aftermath to survey a century of British literature -- from Romanticism through the revolutions of 1848 and the Victorian and Edwardian periods to the beginning of the first World War. Most versions of this course will read both novels and poetry, often focusing on the relation between the two and their function within nineteenth century culture. Others may incorporate drama and non-fiction prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Where the Wild Things Are: Monsters and Marvels in Classical Antiquity", number:"null", id:"39756", path:"/courses/39756", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"36545", path:"/courses/36545", description:"Literature from Spain and Latin America contains a wealth of information about language, history, and culture. The goal of this course is to help students develop skills to carefully read Spanish literary works while preparing them for upper-level courses and study abroad. We begin reviewing the main characteristics of various literary movements and of the four genres (narrative, poetry, theater and essay). During the second part of the semester, students become familiarized with a wide variety of theoretical approaches to the study of literature with the purpose of applying them to their own analytical writing. In the last part of the course students produce their own essays on a text chosen by them and based on research. Sample essays written by other students and included in the textbook will serve as models. Throughout the course students will have ample opportunities to hone their skills through the close reading and class discussion of varied and stimulating works by Miguel de Cervantes, Jorge Luis Borges, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Roberto Bolano, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELAST&MICROMECH OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"40291", path:"/courses/40291", description:"This course is targeted to engineering students working in the areas on micro/nanomechanics of materials. The course will start with a quick review of the equations of linear elasticity and proceed to solutions of specific problems such as the Hertz contact problem, Eshelby's problem etc. Failure mechanisms such as fracture and the fundamentals of dislocations/plasticity will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ATOM MOD IN MATS SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43167", path:"/courses/43167", description:"This course covers two major aspects of atomic level computer modeling in materials. 1. Methods: Molecular statics, Molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo, Kinetic Monte Carlo as well as methods of analysis of the results such as radial distribution function, thermodynamics deduced from the molecular dynamics, fluctuations, correlations and autocorrelations. 2. Semi-empirical descriptions of atomic interactions: pair potentials, embedded atom method, covalent bonding, ionic bonding. Basics of the density functional theory. Mechanics, condensed matter physics, thermodynamics and statistical mechanics needed in interpretations are briefly explained.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIBERATION & OWNERSHIP", number:"null", id:"40789", path:"/courses/40789", description:"Who is going to own what we all have a part of creating? The history of the Americas, and of all peoples everywhere, is an evolving answer to the question of ownership. Ownership is about: the ties that bind and those that separate; production, participation, and control; the creation of community and the imposition of hierarchies--racial, sexual, and others; dreams of possessing and the burdens of debt and ecological despoliation; dependency and the slave yearning to breathe free. Of all the issues relevant to democracy, oppression, injustice, and inequality, ownership is arguably the most important and least understood. Utilizing a variety of disciplinary perspectives--with a particular emphasis on radical and critical theories of liberation, and by focusing on particular global sites and processes of capitalism, students will assess and refine their views regarding ownership and liberation in light of their own social, political, religious, aesthetic, and ethical commitments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"41607", path:"/courses/41607", description:"A first-semester elementary language course for students who have never studied Italian or who have had very little exposure to the language. Students who have previously studied Italian are required to take the placement test. Class work emphasizes the development of spontaneous discourse skills and interactional competence. Out-of-class homework required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"42531", path:"/courses/42531", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES III:", number:"null", id:"40552", path:"/courses/40552", description:"Elementary thermodynamics and statistical physics including heat engines and the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution, independent and forced harmonic motion, coupled oscillators, normal modes, longitudinal and transverse sound and light waves, interference and diffraction, and elementary Fourier analysis and the uncertainty principle.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE OF MOD IRAN", number:"null", id:"43200", path:"/courses/43200", description:"This course explores some of the major literary genres and works of Modern Iran within their historical context. Certain historical events including constitutional revolution (1902-1912), the formation and development of Pahlavi state, the 1979 Revolution and the ways in which these events have impacted the literary trends will be explored throughout this course. The discussions are all based on a close reading of selected literary works of each period. No prior knowledge of Persian is required as all literary works will be available in English translation. Students are expected to attend seminars and take part in discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE LIT & CULTR: THE GLOBAL RENAISSANCE", number:"null", id:"42659", path:"/courses/42659", description:"This course will survey the cultural history of sixteenth and seventeenth century England. Interdisciplinary in nature and drawing on the latest methodologies and insights of English studies, we will explore how aesthetics, politics, social traditions, impacted literature at this vital and turbulent time of English history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"38679", path:"/courses/38679", description:"A continuation of GRMN 103. Expands students writing and speaking competence in German, increases vocabulary and helps students practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on weekly readings of literary and non-literary texts to facilitate exchange of information, ideas, reactions, and opinions. In addition, the readings provide cultural and historical background information. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, however, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. Students will conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN/FIELDING SURVEYS: Designing & Fielding Surveys", number:"null", id:"43500", path:"/courses/43500", description:"This course provides an introduction to survey data collection. In meeting this objective, we examine the major planning tasks necessary for conducting surveys, including problem formulation, study design, questionnaire and interview design, pretesting, sampling, interviewer training and field management, code development and coding of data, and data cleaning and management. We critically explore the design of surveys and collection of data from epistemological and ethical perspectives. Students will leave the class with a solid understanding of the basic process of survey data collection and a familiarity with its strengths and weaknesses as a method of inquiry into human behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSIC AMERICAN CONSTITUTIONAL LAW", number:"null", id:"42027", path:"/courses/42027", description:"This course explores the creation and transformations of the American constitutional system's structures and goals from the nation's founding through the period of Progressive reforms, the rise of the Jim Crow system, and the Spanish American War. Issues include the division of powers between state and national governments, and the branches of the federal government; economic powers of private actors and government regulators; the authority of governments to enforce or transform racial and gender hierarchies; and the extent of religious and expressive freedoms and rights of persons accused of crimes. We will pay special attention to the changing role of the Supreme Court and its decisions in interpreting and shaping American constitutionalism, and we will also read legislative and executive constitutional arguments, party platforms, and other influential statements of American constitutional thought.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTOMATA,COMPUT.& COMPLX", number:"null", id:"39719", path:"/courses/39719", description:"This course explores questions fundamental to computer science such as which problems cannot be solved by computers, can we formalize computing as a mathematical concept without relying upon the specifics of programming languages and computing platforms, and which problems can be solved efficiently. The topics include finite automata and regular languages, context-free grammars and pushdown automata, Turing machines and undecidability, tractability and NP-completeness. The course emphasizes rigorous mathematical reasoning as well as connections to practical computing problems such as test processing, parsing, XML query languages, and program verification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS COMP LANGUAGES", number:"null", id:"39118", path:"/courses/39118", description:"This course is taught with the more descriptive title of 'Scripting for Business Analytics.' 'Business Analytics' refers to modeling and analysis undertaken for purposes of management and supporting decision making. The varieties of techniques and methods are numerous and growing, including simple equational models, constrained optimization models, probabilistic models, visualization, data analysis, and much more. Elementary modeling of this sort can be undertaken in Excel and other spreadsheet programs, but 'industrial strength' applications typically use more sophisticated tools, based on scripting languages. Scripting languages are programming languages that are designed to be learned easily and to be used for special purposes, rather than for large-scale application programming. This course focuses on the special purposes associated with business analytics and teaches MATLAB and Python in this context. MATLAB and Python are widely used in practice (both in management and in engineering), as are the business analytic methods covered in the course. Prior programming experience is useful, but not required or presumed for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Leadership: Theory, Practice and Purpose", number:"null", id:"36414", path:"/courses/36414", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSE TO CHRONIC ILLNESS: THEORY AND RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"37709", path:"/courses/37709", description:"Millions of people of all ages live with chronic illness(es). A diagnosis of a chronic illness is a life-changing event, causing disruption and a sense of loss for many. Common early responses are stress, anxiety, depression, fear, and anger. Over time, with support and experience with the illness, many adjust. But, others report persistent feelings of loss due to physical, emotional, spiritual/existential, social, occupational, and/or financial influences of chronic illness. Those who adjust the best typically find a way to return a sense of normalcy to their lives. Loved ones and caregivers are equally affected by chronic illness and much has been written in recent years about caregiver burden. However, some individuals (caregivers and patients) report positive responses to illness, including a deepened purpose for living and a reordering of life priorities. 

The focus of this course is on individual responses to chronic illness- the person diagnosed and his/her loved ones. This course is intended to complement N818, which focuses on families and dyads dealing with chronic illness. In this course we will explore the major theoretical perspectives that underlie this field. The literature describing common responses of both those diagnosed and their loved ones as well as the social and cultural context that helps explain the responses of individuals facing chronic illness will be examined. Methods used to study chronic illness will be explored in depth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"38260", path:"/courses/38260", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOCUMENTARY VIDEO", number:"null", id:"39952", path:"/courses/39952", description:"Documentary Video is an intensive production course involving the exploration of concepts, techniques, concerns, and aesthetics of the short form documentary. Building on camera, sound, and editing skills acquired in Video I, students will produce a portfolio of short videos and one longer project over the course of the semester using advanced level camera and sound equipment. One short presentation on a genre, technique, maker, or contemporary concern selected by the student is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOLARSYSTEM EXOPLANETS", number:"null", id:"43754", path:"/courses/43754", description:"A survey course on planets and life covering our own Solar System and exoplanets orbiting other stars. Topics include the latest results and theories about: the origin and evolution of planetary systems around our Sun and other stars; the detection of exoplanets; the implications of planetary atmospheres for life; and the search for life on other planets in our Solar System. This course is designed for the non-major and elementary algebra and geometry will be used. Physical science majors and engineering students should prefer ASTR 211 to this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENSHIP", number:"null", id:"44408", path:"/courses/44408", description:"This practically oriented course examines the critical legal issues confronting start-ups with a focus on innovation and disruption. Cutting edge topics include the new drone law, which permits companies to benefit from the efficiency of aerial view techniques. Students will learn to use the law to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize value by analyzing cases, statutes, pleadings and contracts. The course covers the entire lifecycle of a business and deals with confidentiality, non-competition and invention assignment clauses, tax advantages of limited liability companies (LLC) v. corporations or partnerships, securities law strategy for raising venture capital, independent contractor v. employee concerns, discrimination laws, merger and acquisition exit plans, intellectual property (IP) including patent, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as restructuring and bankruptcy. Students will emerge from the course with the skills and tools to draft term sheets tailored to their business models, as well as mitigate liability via risk-protective policies, insurance and management of litigation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR THESIS", number:"null", id:"38696", path:"/courses/38696", description:"This course is for senior undergraduate Women's Studies majors who will be completing their thesis. The seminar helps students decide on the most appropriate methodologies to use and topics to include in their thesis. Other topics include thesis organization and drawing conclusions from primary and secondary sources of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SNIP & TUCK HIST OF SURG", number:"null", id:"40150", path:"/courses/40150", description:"Before the discovery of anesthesia in the nineteenth century, surgery was often a grizzly and horrific affair, inevitably involving extreme pain. Surgeons had a reputation as dirty, blood-thirsty 'barbarians,' and patients rarely sought out their services. But all of this changed during the twentieth century. Today surgery is one of the most prestigious medical specialties, and patients-especially those who long to look younger, thinner, and trimmer-voluntarily submit to multiple procedures. This course will investigate the cultural and scientific sources of these dramatic changes, with readings ranging from graphic descriptions of 'bonesetting' and suturing during the Middle Ages to contemporary accounts of childbirth and plastic surgery in antisepctic hospitals anc clinics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAD KIDS: MISFITS AND MAYHEM IN LITERATURE AND FILM", number:"null", id:"42704", path:"/courses/42704", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Energy in America", number:"null", id:"36579", path:"/courses/36579", description:"Energy is at the center of many discussions of today's world. How central is an apparently unlimited supply of energy to a helthy economy? What is the importance of sources of energy supply to national security? How can we expend the energy we need to foster human life as we know it without allowing climate change to disrupt the existing global environments that sustain the lives of humans and other living species in accustomed ways? How crucial is the current level of energy use to patterns of American consumption, and how willing are Americans to alter their consumption habits in order to reduce energy use? What is the connection between various sources of energy and the relationships of social, economic, and political power tht exist in the U.S. today. This course will examine changes in energy sources, energy use, and energy technolgoeis across American history in order to help students understand how the U.S. and the world arrived at its present situation with regard to energy and to understnad the complex technological, environmental, social, eocnomic, and political challenges implicit in any effort to modify the current trajectories of energy use.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41435", path:"/courses/41435", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 611. Some areas of financial management not covered in FNCE 611 are covered in FNCE 726. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning, and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 611 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 726. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHRO STUDY OF CULTURE: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"36709", path:"/courses/36709", description:"An introduction to the study of culture and human institutions, how they change, and their role in both literate and nonliterate societies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP: Making Sense of Music", number:"null", id:"39001", path:"/courses/39001", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ETHICS", number:"null", id:"41958", path:"/courses/41958", description:"We will examine practical ethical issues facing businesses, and the philosophical tools for addressing them. Topics may include corporate responsibility, shareholders vs. stakeholders, whistle blowing, raiding and restructuring, the morality of markets, fair hiring practices, workers rights, sexual harassment, environmental impact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE EUROPEAN UNION", number:"null", id:"40583", path:"/courses/40583", description:"This lecture course, after introductory sessions which outline the EU's core institutions, is built on an exposition of the works of major thinkers who have reflected on the European Union's origins, outcomes and significance. It critically reviews their arguments, especially their relevance to major recent crises, notably: the failure of the European Constitution, the current crisis of credibility facing the Euro. Whether the European Union is a confederation, a federation, an empire, or a novel political formation shall be examined. Whether its recent major widening signals an end to its institutional deepening will be discussed. Whether the Union has 'a democratic deficit' is examined, as is the claim that in external relations it represents a novel form of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF SPACE AND TIME", number:"null", id:"37739", path:"/courses/37739", description:"This course provides an introduction to the philosophy and intellectual history of space-time and cosmological models from ancient to modern times with special emphasis on paradigm shifts, leading to Einstein's theories of special and general relativity and cosmology. Other topics include Big Bang, black holes stellar structure, the metaphysics of substance, particles, fields, and superstrings, unification and grand unification of modern physical theories. No philosophy of physics background is presupposed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"36960", path:"/courses/36960", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Postbac program. This semester the text will be Plutarch's Life of Antony. There will be in-depth analysis of syntax and style. Homework, apart from the readings, will take the form of exercises, based on the readings, illustrating the nuances of Greek syntax in the hands of a master writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH C LIT & THEORY: DOCUMENTARY CINEMA", number:"null", id:"44102", path:"/courses/44102", description:"This course treats some aspect of literary and cultural politics in the 20th-Century with emphasis varying by instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHAUCER: CHAUCER AND BOCCACCIO", number:"null", id:"41319", path:"/courses/41319", description:"An advanced introduction to Chaucer's poetry and Chaucer criticism. Reading and discussion of the dream visions, Troilus and Criseyde, and selections from Canterbury Tales, from the viewpoint of Chaucer's development as a narrative artist.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Problem of Jobs: The Philadelphia Story", number:"null", id:"42863", path:"/courses/42863", description:"Once the 'workshop of the world' with a diverse manufacturing economy, the City of Philadelphia has lost a huge proportion of its historical economic base in the past 60 years. Today, Philadelphia struggles to find its competitive advantage. Yet, it has tremendous assets that can be leveraged. This course will explore the rise and fall of Philadelphia's manufacturing economy, efforts to forestall its decline in the 1960s and 70s, the racial and gender dynamics of its employment ecosystem, and contemporary strategies to create a sustainable local economy. We will focus on the emerging national recognition of place-based economic development strategies, including the revival of downtown residential living, tourism, and hospitality, and the role of institutions, such as universities and hospitals, in the revitalization of urban America. The course will combine readings in economic and social history and urban economics with case study analyses of local policies aimed at stimulating growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN STSC: GEEK HERESY", number:"null", id:"40820", path:"/courses/40820", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Science, Technology, and Society Studies, the examination of how cultural, political, and social values affect scientific and technological innovation. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effectiver writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN STD ARABIC", number:"null", id:"42348", path:"/courses/42348", description:"The course will concentrate on the reading and speaking skills at the advanced level. Students will be assigned reading and audio-visual materials on which to prepare oral classroom presentations. Final examination in the course will be based on performance in the oral proficiency interview.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSNATL ISSUES GLOBAL", number:"null", id:"35966", path:"/courses/35966", description:"Transnational Issues in Global Politics This course is designed to provide students with an introduction to transnational issues and world politics and to acquaint them with some of the leading issues, theories, concepts and processes that shape and define world events. It is expected that students taking the course will gain an ability to analyze, understand objectively evaluate and apprecate the complex dynamic that is 'global politics.' In order to better understand other nations, their leaders and their motivations, the readings and lectures in the first segment of this course will examine the traditional and contemporary approaches to studying world politics. Next, we will focus on the instruments of conflict and cooperation and the forces of integration and fragmentation in the world today. Finally, we will assess some of the major international issues of our time (i.e. climate change, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, genocide and human trafficking) and debate the prospects for bringing peace and prosperity to a world that is rife with conflict and poverty. The overriding challenge in this introductory course is to consider international relations from different perspectives and to be open and adaptive as you develop a deeper understanding of global issues and politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY PROJ: Strategies and Practices of Family-Controlled Companies", number:"null", id:"41754", path:"/courses/41754", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF EAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"42607", path:"/courses/42607", description:"This is an introductory survey course on the ancient societies and civilizations of East Asia, especially in the areas known today as Japan, China, and Korea. This course will explore the general lifeway of the peoples in these regions during the prehistoric periods, specifically from the Mesolithic/Neolithic periods about 8,000 BC up to the era of political unification around 700 AD in both the Japanese archipelago and the Korean peninsula. By examining primarily the art and architecture of these prehistoric societies, this course will explore important sociocultural aspects, including subsistence, sedentism, state formation, social stratification, leadership, warfare, trade, technology, population movement, and mortuary custom. The course aims to provide a thorough foundation for further study in the histories and cultures of ancient Japan, China, and Korea.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPRY CONT'L PHILOS", number:"null", id:"37757", path:"/courses/37757", description:"This seminar course is an introduction to 20th-century continental European philosophy, focusing on the origins and development of phenomenology, existentialism, hermeneutics, and deconstruction. The centrality of phenomenology (and its interpretation) to an understanding of these movements and other contemporary trends in European thought will be emphasized throughout. No previous background in philosophy is required. Human beings live in a world permeated and defined by meanings. How we create, communicate, and comprehend meaning has been one of the central questions of continental European philosophy over the past century. In this course, we will explore why meaning plays such a central role in all attempts to understand human experience and how this insight has profoundly influenced major trends in contemporary thought. We will begin the semester with an introduction to the phenomenology of Edmund Husserl and the contemporary debate over its proper interpretation. This will be followed by an examination of three existentialist critics of Husserl, whose philosophies have influenced much of recent continental thought: Martin Heidegger, Jean-Paul Sartre, and Maurice Merleau-Ponty. 

Finally, we will examine the important influence of phenomenology and existentialism on contemporary trends in continental philosophy as exhibited in works by Paul Ricoeur, Hans Georg Gadamer, Jacques Derrida, Hannah Arendt, and Emmanuel Levinas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Race, Gender, and Medicine in U.S. History", number:"null", id:"45182", path:"/courses/45182", description:"Topics in US History", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOTRANS PROCES", number:"null", id:"43768", path:"/courses/43768", description:"Introduction to basic principles of fluid mechanics and of energy and mass transport with emphasis on applications to living systems and biomedical devices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Enhancing the Human Mind through Technology", number:"null", id:"41955", path:"/courses/41955", description:"Selected issues in contemporary philosophy of mind, metaphysics, epistemology, or ethics, with topics that vary from term to term. Most recently, the topic has been transhumanism (the movement to extend the human mind beyond biology). What philosophical conception of mind underpins this movement? What is it to be human, or to possess a human mind? What are the ethical implications of creating transhumans?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE, SCIENCE & JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"43655", path:"/courses/43655", description:"This course draws on an interdisciplinary body of biological and social scientific literature to explore critically the connections between race, science, and justice in the United States, including scientific theories of racial inequality, from the eighteenth century to the genomic age. After investigating varying concepts of race, as well as their uses in eugenics, criminology, anthropology, sociology, neuroscience, and medicine, we will focus on the recent expansion of genomic research and technologies that treat race as a biological category that can be identified at the molecular level, including race-specific pharmaceuticals, commercial ancestry testing, and racial profiling with DNA forensics. We will discuss the significance of scientific investigations of racial difference for advancing racial justice in the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE: THE ROLE OF INNATE IMMUNITY IN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"41049", path:"/courses/41049", description:"All organisms, from bacteria to humans, rely on innate, non-specific defense systems to protect against infection and mediate damage. Even in organisms that can generate highly specific and efficient adaptive responses, such as humans, defects in innate immune system components can be fatal. In this course, we will examine the cellular and molecular mechanisms of the components of the innate immune system through discussion of primary literature. We will explore how the innate immune system influences the course of infections and cancer, as well as autoinflammatory disorders that lead to host tissue damage. Though our focus will be on mammalian immunity, we will also explore the evolutionary development of innate immunity through comparison of systems in different organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH OF POPULATIONS", number:"null", id:"44929", path:"/courses/44929", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to the quantitative study of factors that influence the health of populations. Topics to be addressed include methods for characterizing levels of health in populations, comparative and historical perspectives on population health, health disparities, health policy issues and the effectiveness of interventions for enhancing the health of populations. These topics will be addressed both for developed and developing world populations. The course will focus on specific areas of health and some of the major issues and conclusions pertaining to those domains. Areas singled out for attention include chronic diseases and their major risk factors, such as smoking, physical activity, dietary factors and obesity. Throughout the course, the focus will be on determining the quality of evidence for health policy and understanding the manner in which it was generated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAT & METHODS MED ARCH", number:"null", id:"38351", path:"/courses/38351", description:"This course is intended to familiarize new graduate students with the collections of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and the wide range of scholarly interests and approaches used by faculty at Penn and neighboring institutions, as well as to provide an introduction to archaeological methods and theory in a Mediterranean context. Each week, invited lecturers will address the class on different aspects of archaeological methodology in their own research, emphasizing specific themes that will be highlighted in readings and subsequent discussion. The course is divided into five sections: Introduction to the Mediterranean Section; Collections; Method and Theory in Mediterranean Archaeology; Museum Work; and Ethics. The course is designed for new AAMW graduate students, though other graduate students or advanced undergraduate students may participate with the permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WEB-BASED RESEARCH METHODOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37710", path:"/courses/37710", description:"This doctoral elective course will provide an introduction to Web-based research methods in health-related disciplines. This course will examine research methods that have been adapted to the study of human subjects through the Web. This course will have particular emphasis on quantitative and qualitative empirical methods using the Web as a data collection medium. Another important feature of this course will be intensive analysis of ethical and methodological issues conducting research through the Web. Areas to be analyzed include: types of Web-based research; advantages and disadvantages of Web-based research; vehicles (e.g. funding, mentoring) that have supported Web-based research; human subject protection issues; issues/concerns in recruitment and data collection in Web-based research; and professional vehicles (e.g. scholarly publication, lay publications, speaking forums) that have helped disseminate the knowledge derived from Web-based research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR II", number:"null", id:"44908", path:"/courses/44908", description:"This is the second semester of a performance course in the North Indian sitar Students who have not taken the first semester but play any musical instrument are permitted to join. Principles of composition and improvisation will be explored in practice and supplemented by readings and listening. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STUDY-ORGAN EFFECT: Decision Making in the Leadership Chair", number:"null", id:"36131", path:"/courses/36131", description:"Corporate partners will propose a current business challenge they'd like to address; the Mack Institute will identify potential collaborators and facilitate the connection between the various parties. Guided by Wharton faculty, students selected for the program may provide the following: industry analysis, competitor analysis, general environment analysis (trends and uncertainties including political, technological, global, and sociocultural segments), and assessmentof the organization's internal strengths and weaknesses. Specific analysis willdepend on the questions the corporate partner organizations want to address. Anyone interested in the program may contact us directly at mackinstitute@wharton.upenn.edu. The institute's corporate partners include the following industries: automotive, pharmaceuticals, electronics, consumer products, government, and professional services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FEMINISM IN THE AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"42951", path:"/courses/42951", description:"Topics Vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FRENCH", number:"null", id:"40025", path:"/courses/40025", description:"French 202 is a one-semester third-year level French course. It is designed to prepare students for subsequent study in upper-level courses in French and francophone literature, linguistics, civilization, cinema, etc. It is required for students who have completed 140 and recommended for those with an equivalent level, wishing to continue in more advanced French courses or preparing for study abroad. Exceptions can be made with permission of the undergraduate chair.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY NATIVE AMERICANS", number:"null", id:"36734", path:"/courses/36734", description:"This course examines the social and political lives of contemporary Native American Indians in the United States and Canada. Topics include: Indigenous identity; homelands and natural resources; popular culture and media; Indigenous arts and cultural expression; museum representations; athletics; gender relations; tribal recognition and sovereignty; and resistance movements. We will consider the origins of federal programs and legislation that have become essential to the protection of Native American freedoms. Students can expect to gain an appreciation of the complexity and cultural diversity of Native communities and tribal nations and insights into their interactions with other cultures over time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35807", path:"/courses/35807", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGY OF LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"43414", path:"/courses/43414", description:"This course describes the nature of human language, how it is used to speak and comprehend, and how it is learned. The course raises and discusses issues such as whether language ability is innate and unique to humans, whether there is a critical period for the acquisition of a language, and how linguistic and conceptual knowledge interact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY LIT THEORY", number:"null", id:"39773", path:"/courses/39773", description:"Over the last three decades, the fields of literary and cultural studies have been reconfigured by a variety of theoretical and methodological developments. Bracing and often confrontational dialogues between theoretical and political positions as varied as Deconstruction, New Historicism, Cultural Materialism, Feminism, Queer Theory, Minority Discourse Theory, Colonial and Post-colonial Studies and Cultural Studies have, in particular, altered disciplinary agendas and intellectual priorities for students embarking on the /professional /study of literature. In this course, we will study key texts, statements and debates that define these issues, and will work towards a broad knowledge of the complex rewriting of the project of literary studies in process today. The reading list will keep in mind the Examination List in Comparative Literature we will not work towards complete coverage but will ask how crucial contemporary theorists engage with the longer history and institutional practices of literary criticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATINOS IN UNITED STATES", number:"null", id:"37916", path:"/courses/37916", description:"This course presents a broad overview of the Latino population in the United States that focuses on the economic and sociological aspects of Latino immigration and assimilation. Topics to be covered include: construction of Latino identity, the history of U.S. Latino immigration, Latino family patterns and household structure, Latino educational attainment. Latino incorporation into the U.S. labor force, earnings and economic well-being among Latino-origin groups, assimilation and the second generation. The course will stress the importance of understanding Latinos within the overall system of race and ethnic relations in the U.S., as well as in comparison with previous immigration flows, particularly from Europe. We will pay particular attention to the economic impact of Latio immigration on both the U.S. receiving and Latin American sending communities, and the efficacy and future possililities of U.S. immigration policy. Within all of these diverse topics, we will stress the heterogeneity of the Latino population according to national origin groups (i.e. Mexican, Puerto Rican, Cuban, and other Latinos), as well as generational differences between immigrants and the native born.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY - AFR LG INT I", number:"null", id:"36691", path:"/courses/36691", description:"Intermediate level courses in a variety of African languages: Igbo, Shona, Wolof, Malagasy, Chichewa, Setswana, Manding, Afrikaans, Setswana. Focus on oral proficiency and productive language skills. All course are langauge specfic and follow ACTFL proficiency guidelines.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"45307", path:"/courses/45307", description:"Spanish 110 is a first-semester language course that emphasizes the development of foundational listening, speaking, reading and writing skills while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Through listening activities and videotaped interviews with native speakers, your aural and oral abilities will improve at the same time that you will become familiarized with different varieties of standard spoken Spanish. You will be given ample opportunities to practice orally and in writing so that you can reinforce newly acquired vocabulary and grammatical structures. Reading strategies will facilitate your comprehension of the texts included in the course syllabus. Readings focused on a specific country or region, visual items (such as maps, photos, films) and a class project will advance your knowledge of Hispanic cultural practices and products while increasing your intercultural competence. Conducted entirely in Spanish, this class will provide you with guided practice before moving to more independent and spontaneous language production. Working in small groups and in pairs, you will participate in class activities that simulate real-life situations that will help you gain confidence communicating in Spanish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENGL: MODERN MYSTICISM/MAGICK", number:"null", id:"45067", path:"/courses/45067", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of English, the study and analysis of literature. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS CHEM-POLYM&AMPHIP", number:"null", id:"39649", path:"/courses/39649", description:"This course deals with static and dynamic properties of two important classes of soft materials: polymers and amphiphiles. Examples of these materials include DNA, proteins, diblock copolymers, surfactants and phospholipids. The fundamental theories of these materials are critical of understanding ploymer processing, nanotechnology, biomembranes and biophysics. Special emphasis will be placedon understanding the chain conformation of polymer chains, thermodynamics of polymer chains, thermodynamics of polymer solutions and melts, dynamics of polymer and statistical thermodynamic principles of self-assembly.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"41434", path:"/courses/41434", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS INSR & EST PLNG", number:"null", id:"42410", path:"/courses/42410", description:"This course presents an analysis of overall private wealth management. This includes planning for disposition of closely-held business interests; the impact of income taxes and other transfer costs on business interests and other assets; integration of life insurance, disability insurance, medical benefits, and long-term care insurance in the financial plan; planning for concentrated asset (e.g., common stock) positions, diversification techniques, and asset allocation strategies; distribution of retirement assets; lifetime giving and estate planning; and analysis of current developments in the creation, conservation, and distribution of estates. Attention also is given to various executive compensation techniques (including restricted stock and stock options) and planning for various employee benefits. The course also covers sophisticated charitable giving techniques and methods for financing education expenses. Readings consist of textbook, case studies, and bulk pack articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEIGHBRHD DYN. OF CRIME", number:"null", id:"42600", path:"/courses/42600", description:"Crime varies in time, space and populations as it reflects ecological structures and the routine social interactions that occur in daily life. Concentrations of crime can be found among locations, with antisocial activities like assaults and theft occurring at higher rates because of the demographic make-up of people (e.g. adolescents) or conflicts (e.g. competing gangs), for reasons examined by ecological criminology. Variation in socio-demographic structures (age, education ratios, and the concentration of poverty) and the physical environment (housing segregation, density of bars, street lighting) predicts variations between neighborhoods in the level of crime and disorder. Both ethnographic and quantitative research methods are used to explore the connections between the social and physical environment of areas and antisocial behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: JUDGMENT & DEC: COMPETITION & NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"44798", path:"/courses/44798", description:"The interdisciplinary study of individuals' and groups' judgments and decisions,including normative, descriptive, and prescriptive theories.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"35833", path:"/courses/35833", description:"The course, conducted entirely in French, emphasizes verbal communication in business professional situations through three components. First, a series of student's presentations, in-class activities (using newspapers' articles, technical readings, radio shows and films), and debates on the following topics (list not exhaustive) related to France's economy and society: The role of the State in France's economy; the French fiscal system; Labor (impact of the 35-hour work week, 'conges,' women in the workplace, etc.); Regions of France (production); major French industries/companies/brands; France's major imports/exports; 'Green business'; Business of pop culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS COMP LANGUAGES", number:"null", id:"43299", path:"/courses/43299", description:"This course is taught with the more descriptive title of 'Scripting for Business Analytics.' 'Business Analytics' refers to modeling and analysis undertaken for purposes of management and supporting decision making. The varieties of techniques and methods are numerous and growing, including simple equational models, constrained optimization models, probabilistic models, visualization, data analysis, and much more. Elementary modeling of this sort can be undertaken in Excel and other spreadsheet programs, but 'industrial strength' applications typically use more sophisticated tools, based on scripting languages. Scripting languages are programming languages that are designed to be learned easily and to be used for special purposes, rather than for large-scale application programming. This course focuses on the special purposes associated with business analytics and teaches MATLAB and Python in this context. MATLAB and Python are widely used in practice (both in management and in engineering), as are the business analytic methods covered in the course. Prior programming experience is useful, but not required or presumed for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"36400", path:"/courses/36400", description:"What exactly should be considered a fundamental 'human right'? What is the basis for something is a fundamental human right? This course will examine not only broad conceptual debates, but will also focus on specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge in international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TRANSFORMATION OF URBAN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"43580", path:"/courses/43580", description:"The course traces the economic, social, and political history of American cities after World War II. It focuses on how the economic problems of the industrial city were compounded by the racial conflicts of the 1950s and 1960s and the fiscal crises of the 1970s. The last part of the course examines the forces that have led to the revitalization of cities in recent years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WAR,STRATEGY & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42026", path:"/courses/42026", description:"This class examines the strategy and politics of warfare, focusing on the way actors plan military campaigns and the factors that are likely to lead to victory and defeat. The course readings center in particular on the factors driving changes in warfare and civil-military relations. The course will cover a wide range of topics from theories of war-fighting to historical military campaigns to insurgency warfare, terrorism, and the future of war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EST ENTERPRISE: Managing the Established Enterprise", number:"null", id:"44510", path:"/courses/44510", description:"The management of large, established enterprises creates a range of multi-facet challenges for the general manager. A general manager needs to understand the internal workings of a firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account increasing, globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that effective of an established enterprise requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREHISTORY - RENAISSANCE: INTRO TO WESTERN ART", number:"null", id:"36755", path:"/courses/36755", description:"This is a double introduction: to looking at the visual arts; and, to the ancient and medieval cities and empires of three continents - ancient Egypt, the Middle East and Iran, the Minoan and Mycenaean Bronze Age, the Greek and Roman Mediterranean, and the early Islamic, early Byzantine and western Medieval world. Using images, contemporary texts, and art in our city, we examine the changing forms of art, architecture and landscape architecture, and the roles of visual culture for political, social and religious activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39689", path:"/courses/39689", description:"This course is aimed to enhance students' language skills in a business context and to promote their understanding about business environment and culture in contemporary China. The text is developed from real business cases from real multinational companies that have successfully embarked on the Chinese market. The forms of classes include lectures, drills on vocabulary and sentence patterns, and discussions. Class will be conducted in Chinese. In addition to the course textbook, students will learn to read business news in Chinese selected from Wall Street Journal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 18TH-CENTURY NOVEL: BRITISH EPISTOLARY FICT", number:"null", id:"44092", path:"/courses/44092", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-Century novel intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF CELL BIO", number:"null", id:"39615", path:"/courses/39615", description:"An intermediate level exploration of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"37263", path:"/courses/37263", description:"This course is a continuation of GRMN 101 and is designed to strengthen and expand students' listening, speaking, reading, and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of German-speaking cultures. By the end of the course, students will be able to handle a variety of day-to-day needs in a German-speaking setting and engage in simple conversations about personally significant topics. Students can expect to be able to order food and beverages, purchase things, and to be familiar with the German university system, the arts, and current social topics. Students will begin to be able to talk aboutthe past and the future, make comparisons, describe people and things in increasing detail, make travel plans that include other European countries, and make reservations in hotels and youth hostels. By the end of the course students will be able to talk about their studies and about their dreams for the future. In In addition, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them tounderstand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts. 

Furthermore, students will feel more able to understand information when hearing German speakers talking about familiar topics. Cultural knowledge remains among one of the foci of German 102, and students will continue to be exposed to authentic materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"41439", path:"/courses/41439", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"40001", path:"/courses/40001", description:"This course is intended for students with prior knowledge of finance or with strong analytical backgrounds. Together with the pre-term preparation course (FNCE604) the foundation for subsequent courses in corporate finance, corporate valuation, investments, and financial derivatives. Its purpose is to develop a framework for analyzing a firm's investment and financial decisions. This course will start where FNCE604 ends. More precisely, it will provide an introduction to capital budgeting techniques under uncertainty, asset valuation, the operation and efficiency of capital markets, the optimal capital structure and dividend policy of the firm and options. In short, it will cover all the topics of a typical semester-long finance introductory class in six weeks. This course assumes that students are familiar with the material covered in FNCE 604. As a result, it is only available to those students who successfully passed the Finance Placement Exam at the end of the pre-term. This course is not suitable for students new to finance and with limited analytical backgrounds. This course is hard. The pace is fast and it requires a major investment of time and effort outside class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSPORT PROCESSES I", number:"null", id:"40296", path:"/courses/40296", description:"The course provides a unified introduction to momentum, energy (heat), and mass transport processes. The basic mechanisms and the constitutive laws for the various transport processes will be delineated, and the conservation equations will be derived and applied to internal and external flows featuring a few examples from mechanical, chemical, and biological systems. Reactive flows will also be considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN IN ITALIAN LITERATURE & CINEMA", number:"null", id:"38791", path:"/courses/38791", description:"Topics vary. See the Department's website at https://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"38309", path:"/courses/38309", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"37723", path:"/courses/37723", description:"Several forces, ranging from technology that has dramatically reduced the cost of communication, to political developments such as the opening up of China, Vietnam, and Eastern Europe, have created an avalanche of outsourcing and offshoring and lead to supply chains that stretch halfway around the world. This course will study the many questions that arise in the management of such global supply chains, including: Which design and production activities to do in-house and which to outsource? Where to locate various activities around the world? How to forecast the many factors that influence these decisions, including inflation in cost factors such as labor and freight, and the likelihood of future government regulation or political instability? How to keep the supply chain flexible so as to adapt to change? How to manage a geographically disbursed supply chain, including what relationships to have with vendors to ensure low cost, high quality, flexibility, safety, humane labor practices and respect for sustainability of the environment? The course is highly interactive, using case discussions in most classes and senior supply chain executives in many sessions. Grades are based one-third each on class participation, indivudla write-ups of the discussion questions for 3 of the class sessions, and a course paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COST MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38047", path:"/courses/38047", description:"This course covers managerial accounting and cost management practices that can be strategically applied across the various functions of a business organization to improve organizational performance. The course emphasizes the methods available to measure and evaluate costs for decision-making and performance evaluation purposes. It reviews a number of cost management issues relating to the design and implementation of strategic, marketing, value analysis, and other management models in modern firms; and identifies major contemporary issues in managerial accounting and financial decision- making. A variety of case studies in different industries and decision contexts are used to examine the application of these concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES SEM HEALTH & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"38773", path:"/courses/38773", description:"This course is designed to provide HSOC students with the tools necessary to undertake original research, guiding them through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or, if there is room inthe course, a completed research paper by the end of term. Students work individually, in small groups and under the close supervision of a faculty member to establish feasible research topics, develop effective research and writing strategies, analyze primary and secondary sources, and provide critiques of classmates'drafts. Students must apply for this couse by December 1.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS POLICY", number:"null", id:"37512", path:"/courses/37512", description:"This course encourages students to analyze the problems of managing the total enterprise in the domestic and international setting. The focus is on the competitive strategy of the firm, examining issues central to its long- and short-term competitive position. Students act in the roles of key decision-makers or their advisors and solve problems related to the development or maintenance of the competitive advantage of the firm in a given market. The first module of the course develops an understanding of key strategic frameworks using theoretical readings and case-based discussions. Students will learn concepts and tools for analyzing the competitive environment, strategic position and firm-specific capabilities in order to understand the sources of a firm's competitive advantage. In addition, students will address corporate strategy issues such as the economic logic and administrative challenges associated with diversification choices about horizontal and vertical integration. The second module will be conducted as a multi-session, computer-based simulation in which students will have the opportunity to apply the concepts and tools from module 1 to make strategic decisions. 

The goal of the course is for students to develop an analytical tool kit for understanding strategic issues and to enrich their appreciation for the thoughtprocesses essential to incisive strategic analysis. This course offers students the opportunity to develop a general management perspective by combining their knowledge of specific functional areas with an appreciation forthe requirements posed by the need to integrate all functions into a coherent whole. Students will develop skills in structuring and solving complex business problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"45273", path:"/courses/45273", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"42598", path:"/courses/42598", description:"This course examines how the criminal justice system responds to crime in society. The course reviews the historical development of criminal justice agencies in the United States and Europe and the available scientific evidence on the effect these agencies have on controlling crime. The course places an emphasis on the functional creation of criminal justice agencies and the discretionary role decision makers in these agencies have in deciding how to enforce criminal laws and whom to punish. Evidence on how society measures crime and the role that each major criminal justice agency plays in controlling crime is examined from the perspective of crime victims, police, prosecutors, jurors, judges, prison officials, probation officers and parole board members. Using the model of social policy evaluation, the course asks students to consider how the results of criminal justice could be more effectively delivered to reduce the social and economic costs of crime.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPROACHES TO GENRE: POETRY OUT LOUD", number:"null", id:"36964", path:"/courses/36964", description:"This is a topics course. This seminar engages questions of literary genre, including its function as a mediating presence for thinking about audience, literary history, and the marketplace. The theme of the seminar will chnage with the instructor. Customarily this course will be affiliated with Communication within the Curriculum (CWIC), and so will have a speaking and presentation component to it. The topic for Fall 2016 will be POETRY OUT LOUD.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING LIFE-THREATENING ILLNESS FROM A PALLIATIVE CARE PERSPECTIVE", number:"null", id:"43247", path:"/courses/43247", description:"This course uses an evidence-based approach towards systematic assessment and management of common symptoms and symptom clusters accompanying progressive, life-limiting illnesses within a framework of nationally recognized standards and guidelines for palliative and end-of-life care. Students are prepared to apply principles of palliative management to diverse patient populations across clinical settings including acute, primary, long-term, and community care. Refer to course syllabus or email course faculty for respective requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"39135", path:"/courses/39135", description:"Negotiation is the art and science of creating good agreements. In this course we will work on both, studying economics and psychology for the science, and practicing actual negotiations for the art. Throughout we think of negotiation in general terms, relevant not only to salary negotiations and home buying, but performance evaluations, speeches, group collaborations and interpersonal relationships. We practice these kinds of negotiations in 2-, 3-, 4-, and 6-person exercises. Potential reasons to skip this particular negotiation course: 1) We have a strong attendance policy, 2) We have strong no-computers/phones policies, 3) the course is very discussion oriented, 4) We survey your work colleagues about your influence tactics, and 5) you have a short assignment due almost every class. Beginning with the second week of class, if you miss one class you lose a letter grade. If you miss two classes you fail. We have this policy because it is an experiential class, and because your attendance directly affects classmates you are paired with. For some weeks you can attend another section if necessary. Cross-listed with MGMT691 and LGST806.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"37357", path:"/courses/37357", description:"This course focuses on health and healing in the colonial and post-colonial world. We give special attention to local healing under condition of domination, to definitions of the body and the person in biomedicine and in non-European healing traditions, and to th epolitical and cultural place of medicine in regions which have experienced colonial rule.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"36610", path:"/courses/36610", description:"Amidst perceptions that public sector and philanthropic support for local communities is increasingly scarce, many community development practitioners are turning to social enterprise as a means to improve social and economic conditions in their neighborhoods. This course will examine and evaluate a number of recognized social enterprises tackling housing, workforce development, and job creation challenges, including several planned field visits. Building on their understanding of these fields, students will then divide into groups and develop business plans for their own social enterprises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIEVAL ART", number:"null", id:"42359", path:"/courses/42359", description:"An introductory survey, this course investigates architecture, painting, sculpture, and the 'minor arts' of the Middle Ages. Students become familiar with selected major monuments of the Romanesque and Gothic periods, primarily in Western Europe as well as relevant sites around the Mediterranean. Analysis of works emphasizes the cultural context, the thematic content, and the function of objects and monuments. Discussions focus especially on several key themes: the role of luxury in the medieval west; the theological role of images; the revival of classical models and visual modes; social rituals such as pilgrimage and crusading; the cult of the Virgin and the status of women in art; and, more generally, the ideology of visual culture across the political and urban landscapes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"37718", path:"/courses/37718", description:"Operations strategy is about organizing people and resources to gain a competitive advantage in the delivery of products (both goods and services) to customers. This course approaches this challenge primarily from two perspectives: 1) how should a firm design their products so that they can be profitably offered; 2) how can a firm best organize and acquire resources to deliver its portfolio of products to customers. To be able to make intelligent decisions regarding these high-level choices, this course also provides a foundation of analytical methods. These methods give students a conceptual framekwork for understanding the linkage between how a firm manages its supply and how well that supply matches the firm's resulting demand. Specific course topics include designing service systems, managing inventory and product variety, capacity planning, approaches to sourcing and supplier management, constructing global supply chains, managing sustainability initiatives, and revenue management. This course emphasizes both quantitative tools and qualitative frameworks. Neither is more important than the other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHILDREN & MEDIA", number:"null", id:"41192", path:"/courses/41192", description:"This course examines children's relationship to media in its historic, economic, political, and social contexts. The class explores the ways in which 'childhood' is created and understood as a time of life that is qualitatively unique and socially constructed over time. It continues with a review of various theories of child development as they inform children's relationship with and understanding of media. It next reviews public policies designed to empower parents and limit children's exposure to potentially problematic media content and simultaneously considers the economic forces that shape what children see and buy. The course concludes with a critical examination of research on the impact of media on children's physical, cognitive, social, and emotional development. Students in this course produce a prototype for an educational children's media property as their capstone project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WONDERS O/T ANCIENT WRLD", number:"null", id:"35317", path:"/courses/35317", description:"This course presents a comparative overview of the ancient civilizations around the world. It is designed as a gateway course for the many specialized courses available at Penn. Its focus is two fold: first, the various forms that ancient cultures have developed are explored and compared and second, the types of disciplines that study these courses are examined. The course has a number of guest lecturers, as well as visits to museums and libraries to examine original documents. This course meets the requirement for the Ancient Studies Minor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"40219", path:"/courses/40219", description:"This course examines the art and science of negotiation. This course develops managerial skills by combining lectures with practice, using exercises where students negotiate with each other. Over the course of the semester, students will engage in a number of simulated negotiations ranging from simple one issue transactions to multi-party joint ventures. Through these exercises and associated readings, students explore the basic theoretical models of bargaining and have an opportunity to test and improve their negotiation skills. Cross-listed with LGST 806/OPIM 691.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RISE OF THE NOVEL: EARLY BRITISH NOVELS", number:"null", id:"44039", path:"/courses/44039", description:"This course explores the history of the British novel and the diverse strategie of style, structure, characterization, and narrative techniques it has deployed since the late seventeenth century. While works from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries will form the core of the reading, some versions of this course will include twentieth-century works. All will provide students with the opportunity to test the advantages and limitations of a variety of critical approaches to the novel as a genre. Readings may include works by Behn, Swift, Defoe, Richardson, Fielding, Lennox, Smollett, Burney, Scott, Austen, the Brontes, Dickens, Eliot, Hardy, Conrad, Joyce, Lawrence, Woolf, Rhys, Greene, Naipaul, Carter, Rushdie, and Coetzee.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURE OF ASL", number:"null", id:"36041", path:"/courses/36041", description:"This course covers the linguistic structure of American Sign Language (ASL), including its phonology (articulatory features, phonological constraints, nonmanuals), morphology (morphological constraints, compounds, incorporation, borrowing), and syntax (syntactic categories, basic phrase structure, common sentence types), Also discussed are the topics of classifiers and deixis. In keeping with the comparative perspective of linguistic theory, parallels and differences between ASL and other (primarily spoken) languages are pointed out where appropriate. Historical and sociolinguistic issues are addressed where they are relevant to elucidating linguistic structure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"39146", path:"/courses/39146", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: CRITICAL CARE NURSING OF CHILDREN III", number:"null", id:"45248", path:"/courses/45248", description:"This clinical course is designed with emphasis on continued development of advanced clinical decision-making skills in the care of critically ill children. Emphasis is placed on knowledge and skills that allow the advanced practitioner to efficiently and effectively manage children who are dependent upon or assisted by technological devices to carry out life processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43408", path:"/courses/43408", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING MUSC IN THE 18THC", number:"null", id:"44595", path:"/courses/44595", description:"Advanced seminar in topics in musicology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JANE AUSTEN & ADAPTATION", number:"null", id:"41283", path:"/courses/41283", description:"This course introduces students to literary study through the works of a single author--often Shakespeare, but other versions will feature writers like Jane Austen, Geoffrey Chaucer, Herman Melville, and August Wilson. Readings an individual author across his or her entire career offers students the rare opportunity to examine works from several critical perspectives in a single course. What is the author's relation to his or her time? How do our author's works help us to understand literary history more generally? And how might be understand our author's legacy through performance, tributes, adaptations, or sequels? Exposing students to a range of approaches and assignments, this course is an ideal introduction to literary study for those students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF NETWORKS", number:"null", id:"36210", path:"/courses/36210", description:"Want to understand how memes spread across the Internet? How organisms exhibit flocking behavior? How the structure of a network can help predict behavior among the nodes? This course is a rigorous study of the structure and function of complex networks. From World Wide Web to networks of banks and lenders that form the financial sector, to friendship networks that influence our opinion and everyday decision-making, networks have become an integral part of our daily lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"35796", path:"/courses/35796", description:"This course is designed to acquaint the student with the concepts of portfolio analysis in the general area of institutional investment management. The course discusses principles for managing financial assets. These principles apply, for example, to managing corporate pension funds, bank-administered trusts, and other institutional funds. Students will learn how to establish appropriate investment objectives, develop optimal portfolio strategies, estimate risk-return tradeoffs, and evaluate investment performance. Many of the latest quantitative approaches are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATING CLASSROOM AND CLINICAL PEDAGOGIES IN NURSING EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"36250", path:"/courses/36250", description:"This course builds on the knowledge attained in NURS 600 as well as the knowledge and skills of the expert clinician. The focus of the course is clinical teaching for the advanced practitioner, perceptor preparation and issues related to establishing and maintaining clinical sites. Academic responsibilities of faculty members, ethical and legal issues in education and educational effects of professional trends, health care policies and rapidly changing environments are also explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"39466", path:"/courses/39466", description:"The first part of the course presents alternative methods of preparing managerial accounting information, and the remainder of the course examines how these methods are used by companies. Managerial accounting is a company's internal language, and is used for decision-making, production management, product design and pricing and for motivating and evaluating employees. Unless you understand managerial accounting, you cannot have a thorough understanding of a company's internal operations. What you learn in this course will help you understand the operations of your future employer (and enable you to be more successful at your job), and help you understand other companies you encounter in your role as competitor, consultant, or investor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"43067", path:"/courses/43067", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS SEM PSYCH", number:"null", id:"40613", path:"/courses/40613", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in psychology. A two-semester sequence supporting the preparation of an honors thesis in psychology. Students will present their work in progress and develop skills in written and oral communication of scientific ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH PROP NANO/MACRO", number:"null", id:"37574", path:"/courses/37574", description:"The application of continuum and microstructural concepts to consideration of the mechanics and mechanisms of flow and fracture in metals, polymers and ceramics. The course includes a review of tensors and elasticity with special emphasis on the effects of symmetry on tensor properties. Then deformation, fracture and degradation (fatique and wear) are treated, including mapping strategies for understanding the ranges of material properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER RDG/WRTG CHINESEII", number:"null", id:"42508", path:"/courses/42508", description:"This is an intermediate language class presuming basic fluency in speaking and listening and focusing on reading and writing abilities. By the end of the semester students are expected to have mastered the 1200 most commonly used characters and to have the ability to read basic Chinese texts. Students will be prepared for Advanced Modern Chinese, Media Chinese and Business Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HUNGARIAN I", number:"null", id:"37041", path:"/courses/37041", description:"Emphasis on vocabulary building, conversation and reading skills. Grammar review.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"41765", path:"/courses/41765", description:"Marketing begins and ends with the customer, from determining customers' needs and wants to providing customer satisfaction and maintaining customer relationships. This course examines the basic concepts and principles in customer behavior with the goal of understanding how these ideas can be used in marketing decision making. The class will consist of a mix of lectures, discussions, cases, assignments, project work and exams. Topics covered include customer psychological processes (e.g., motivation, perception, attitudes, decision-making) and their impact on marketing (e.g., segmentation, branding, and customer satisfaction). The goal is to provide you with a set of approaches and concepts to consider when faced with a decision involving understanding customer responses to marketing actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CSE STDY-AGGRESSIVE BEHAVIOR IN HEALTHCARE:ASSESSMENT,PREVENTION,&TREATMENT", number:"null", id:"36232", path:"/courses/36232", description:"The escalating incidence and prevalence of aggression in the health care setting requires that providers acquire a new set of pragmatic competencies for managing its complex sequelae. This course presents theoretical frameworks for understanding, predicting, preventing and responding to aggressive behaviors across the life span. Historical, bio-behavioral, social, and cultural explanations for aggression will be synthesized and analyzed within the context of multiple points of entry into the health care system across clinical settings. Personal self-awareness, debriefing, and stress management techniques exemplify techniques to prevent untoward consequences in providers. This course also uses exemplars and a range of experiential learning strategies, including skill development, situation analysis, concept mapping, unfolding case studies and cooperative learning, to examine the assessment, prevention, treatment, and response to aggressive behavior in patients and management of its consequences in self and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORECASTING METHODS MGMT", number:"null", id:"40737", path:"/courses/40737", description:"This course provides an introduction to the wide range of techniques available for statistical forecasting. Qualitative techniques, smoothing and decomposition of time series, regression, adaptive methods, autoregressive-moving average modeling, and ARCH and GARCH formulations will be surveyed. The emphasis will be on applications, rather than technical foundations and derivations. The techniques will be studied critically, with examination of their usefulness and limitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC SCIENCE I", number:"null", id:"44656", path:"/courses/44656", description:"This course discusses the interface of law and science. Forensic science is theapplication of scientific principles in the legal arena. This course examines the contribution of forensic science to criminal and civil investigation. Crime sceanalysis is accomplished via disciplines within forensic science. The role of tmedical examiner, the structure and function of crime laboratories, death investigation and the role of health care personnel in forensic cases is discused.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-GLOBAL MONETARY AND FINANCIAL STABILITY POLICY", number:"null", id:"40015", path:"/courses/40015", description:"This course aims to provide the future global manager and financial analyst with the knowledge on policies set by central banks, regulators and governments toreach the goals of price and financial stability as well as support of growth and employment. The core of the course connects between the formal and actual goals that central banks follow and the related economic analysis on which the goals and the policies are set. We will explain the economic rationale for the policy prescriptions to reach the goals and how these are implemented using institutional framework in the US, the European Central Bank (ECB), Israel and remarks on other countries. We use data, current events and events of the 2007-2012 financial crisis as a basis for discussion and assignments. All these are aimed at understanding how and why the Federal Reserve of the US (the Fed), The bank of Israel (BOI) and the European Central Bank (ECB) set their policies and how that is related to academic research on these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DSGN OF MECHATRONIC SYS", number:"null", id:"37495", path:"/courses/37495", description:"In many modern systems, mechanical elements are tightly coupled with electronic components and embedded computers. Mechatronics is the study of how these domains are interconnected, and this hands-on, project-based course provides an integrated introduction to the fundamental components within each of the three domains, including: mechanical elements (prototyping, materials, actuators and sensors, transmissions, and fundamental kinematics), electronics(basic circuits, filters, op amps, discrete logic, and interfacing with mechanical elements), and computing (interfacing with the analog world, microprocessor technology, basic control theory, and programming).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY II", number:"null", id:"40955", path:"/courses/40955", description:"This course examines the development of geometries in modern architecture. Primary and secondary texts are used to explore the origin and evolution of geometrical thinking in architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GUNS & LOVE GONE BAD:", number:"null", id:"40159", path:"/courses/40159", description:"This course will address two health concerns of long-standing controversy: the role of guns in population health and violence in relationships. We will adopt a healthy skepticism about the assumptions and ideologies that currently dominate formal and informal discourse about these topics. A life span perspective - guns from design through use, and abuse from childhood through late life - will be grounded in a public health injury prevention framework. As a function of this approach, we will examine key aspects of the social context in which guns and abuse exist and within which related policies are formulated. Students are encouraged to examine their perceptions about these issues so that they can become more effective members of a society that appears to maintain a deep ambivalence about guns and about violence in relationships.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED UKRAINIAN I", number:"null", id:"42116", path:"/courses/42116", description:"This is a first-semester intermediate-level Ukrainian language course which is designed to make students practice reading, speaking and writing in Ukrainian. Current issues of Ukrainian newspapers, especially the weekly , will serve as the basic source for the study of the contemporary Ukrainian idiom. Reading, translation and discussion of featured articles on such topics as business, education, politics, science, sports et al. including advertising and horoscope style and terminology will not only be used to hone the language skills and build up vocabulary but also to acquaint the student with the latest linguistic developments in Ukraine, such as the loan-words and loan-translations, abbreviations and acronyms, ancient folk proverbs and sayings as well as contemporary technical terms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37033", path:"/courses/37033", description:"This course has two parts. The first looks at market and government failures and discusses the need for public policies as well as limits to their effectiveness including the evaluation of public projects using cost benefit analysis. The second part focuses on the economic analysis of taxation, including the economic incidence and efficiency of taxes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"38868", path:"/courses/38868", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KNOWLEDGE IN MOTION", number:"null", id:"35963", path:"/courses/35963", description:"This course provides a broad, interdisciplinary introduction to the movement of knowledge across space and time. In particular, we will be focusing on the economic models of knowledge movement, on comparative and trans-cultural views on science, on translation, and finally, on the global turn in the history of science. Since the movement of knowledge is inseparable from the production of knowledge, we will also start our discussion by looking back at some of the literature that constitutes the intellectual foundations of the history and sociology of science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"40010", path:"/courses/40010", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis, and real options. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"44868", path:"/courses/44868", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two mid-terms, (depending on instructor). Cross-listed with FNCE 721.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY POLISH II", number:"null", id:"44918", path:"/courses/44918", description:"This course is a continuation of the SLAV501 680. This is for students who want to acquire the linguistic skills necessary for communication in everyday situations and that would constitute a solid base for further study of the Polish language. In addition students will become acquainted with various aspects of Polish culture (including Polish films), history and contemporary affairs. Students will learn through classroom exercises based on a modern textbook, completion of individual and group assignments and work with various audio and video materials. The textbook Hurra - Po Polsku 1 is written in the spirit of the communicative approach, which makes it possible to communicate from the very beginning of the learning process. The special attention, however, will be paid on systematic development of all language skills: listening, reading, speaking and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOIL SCIENCE W LAB", number:"null", id:"35854", path:"/courses/35854", description:"Soil is considered the 'skin of the earth', with interfaces between the lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, and biosphere. It is the mixture of minerals, organic matter, gases, liquids and a myriad of organisms that can support plant life. As such, soil is a natural body that exists as part of the environment. This course will examine the nature, properties, formation and environmental functions of soil. In addition to lectures, the course includes biweekly labs or field trips, and a multi-day field trip to held during Spring Break.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"44963", path:"/courses/44963", description:"Continuation of STAT 101. A thorough treatment of multiple regression, model selection, analysis of variance, linear logistic regression; introduction to time series. Business applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"43493", path:"/courses/43493", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you should be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS THINKING IN PATIENT SAFETY", number:"null", id:"36262", path:"/courses/36262", description:"This blended online/in-classroom graduate level course integrates principles of systems thinking with foundational concepts in patient safety. Utilizing complexity theories, students assess healthcare practices and identify factors that contribute to medical errors and impact patient safety. Using a clinical microsystem framework, learners assess a potential patient safety issue and create preventive systems. Lessons learned from the science of safety are utilized in developing strategies to enhance safe system redesign. Core competencies for all healthcare professionals are emphasized, content is applicable for all healthcare providers including, but not limited to, nurses, pharmacists, physicians, social workers and healthcare administrators, and may be taken as an elective by non-majors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFO & BUS TRANSFRM", number:"null", id:"44727", path:"/courses/44727", description:"Information technology has transformed many industries, including media, financial services, and retailing, among others. These technologies have changed not only how we produce services (e.g., outsourcing and offshoring, and their newest extension, cloud computing) but what services we offer (virtual experiences, online advertising, long tail products and services, and social networking). The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of how information technologies enable transformation of business models within existing organizations as well as the development of completely new business models and new organizational forms. The course will serve as an introductory course on information technologies and will serve as a foundation on which students can explore more advanced technology concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ancient and Modern Constitution Making", number:"null", id:"42568", path:"/courses/42568", description:"Constitution making reemerged as an urgent issue in the Twentieth Century with the transformation of colonial empires after World War II and the collapse of the Soviet empire near the end of the century. Constitution making issues madethemselves felt also in the constitutionally more mature locations. Even in the British Isles, for example, nationalist movements prompted new constitutional arrangements. And in the Twenty-First Century, as competition for control of Central Asia, the Middle East, and Northern Africa has reintensified, the written constitution has been hailed by some as the vehicle for changing long established cultures. The most striking feature of constitution making in the last two centuries may be its uneven success when itcomes to reducing political conflict and in reforming if not improving customs, character, habits, and actions. What might explain this uneven success? Is an explanation to be found by going back to what appear to be the roots of constitution making?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS", number:"null", id:"41468", path:"/courses/41468", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"37283", path:"/courses/37283", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN BIBB: NEUROSCIENCE FREE WILL", number:"null", id:"45057", path:"/courses/45057", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the study of the Biological Basis of Behavior, an interdisciplinary field that examines the behavioral functions of the nervous system. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"41410", path:"/courses/41410", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"37421", path:"/courses/37421", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal and ethical challenges they will face as business leaders, with a particular focus on large, publicly traded, multinational corporations. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity. 

Topics may also include such issues as comparative forms of corporate governance, bribery and corruption in global markets, human rights issues, diverse legal compliance systems, corporate responses to global poverty, global environmental responsibilities, and challenges arising when companies face conflicting ethical demands between home and local, host country mores. The pedagogy emphasizes globalized cases, exercises, and theoretical materials from the fields of legal studies, business ethics and social responsibility. 

Format: class participation, midterm and final exams. Materials: coursepack.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAVASCRIPT", number:"null", id:"41136", path:"/courses/41136", description:"This course provides an introduction to modern web development frameworks, techniques, and practices used to deliver robust client side applications on the web. The emphasis will be on developing JavaScript programs that run in the browser. Topics covered include the JavaScript language, web browser internals, the Document Object Model (DOM), HTML5, client-side app architecture and compile-to-JS languages like (Coffeescript, TypeScript, etc.). This course is most useful for students who have some programming and web development experience and want to develop moderate JavaScript skills to be able to build complex, interactive applications in the browser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVALUATING EVIDENCE", number:"null", id:"42238", path:"/courses/42238", description:"WH 150 provides an introduction to all stages of the research process for business topics. In the first third of the course, we discuss theory building, hypothesis development, and research design choices particularly in casual research. In the second third, we discuss data collection methods (e.g., surveys, experiments, case studies and fieldwork) and the use of archival databases. This part of the cours emphasizes the interplay between research design and sampling/data collection methods. In the final third of the course, we introduce data analysis and interpretation, including methods for converting raw data into measurable constructs suited to statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44551", path:"/courses/44551", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide students with an opportunity to learn and apply the major frameworks, theories, current research findings, principles and practices of effective advertising management as part of an Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) program. By the end of this course, students should not only be familiar with a large body of advertising knowledge, but should also be able to apply this information to create and evaluate effective advertising strategies and tactics. The emphasis will be on: 1) understanding the psychology of customer motivation and persuasion; 2) crafting effective and creative messages; 3) making efficient selections and use of media; and 4) understanding metrics, all within the broader Integrated Marketing Communications perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TPCS IN THEATRE: ICONS IN PERFORMANCE: ACTORS AND OTHERS WHO DEFINE AND SHAPE THE ARTS", number:"null", id:"39399", path:"/courses/39399", description:"This course will combine an intensive practical and intellectual investigation of some area of the making of theatre: performance techniques, theatrical styles, a particular period of theatre history. For the current topics contact the Theatre Arts office or visit the website.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS 18TH-CENT NOVEL: PAMELA CRAZE", number:"null", id:"38481", path:"/courses/38481", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-century novel intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCULPTURE PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"44149", path:"/courses/44149", description:"As an introduction to traditional and contemporary three-dimensional practice, this course is concerned with the concepts and methodologies surrounding three-dimensional art making in our time. Students experiment with a variety of modes of production, and develop some of the fundamental techniques used in sculpture. In addition to these investigations, assignments relative to the history and social impact of these practices are reinforced through readings and group discussion. Processes covered include use of the Fab Lab, wood construction, clay, paper, mixed media, and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"42142", path:"/courses/42142", description:"This graduate seminar will introduce students to some of the key theoretical and empirical work in the sociology of education. We will examine how schools work to maintain or alleviate inequality, and focus on differences in educational achievement and attainment by race, ethnicity, immigrant status, class, and gender. We will review work on the educational experiences of youth from early childhood to young adulthood.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Anthropology: The Study of Culture and Society", number:"null", id:"45290", path:"/courses/45290", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL CHG IN 3RD WRLD", number:"null", id:"36382", path:"/courses/36382", description:"This is a comparative politics course that examines political and socio-economic change in the so-called 'Third World,' defined here as post-colonial developing areas in Asia, Africa and Latin America. The course is not as concerned with keeping up with current events as with analyzing the relationships between colonial legacies, the initial challenges of post-colonial political and socioeconomic development, and how these interact with contemporary problems and global trends. Although chiefly concerned with 'political change' within countries, it will also devote substantial attention to economic, socio-cultural and international factors. The course is divided into three parts. The first examines the common and distinctive features of colonial rule in different regions as well as the varying challenges of political and economic development in diverse post-colonial settings. The second part focuses on elaborating on the themes developed in the first by looking more closely at the developmental experiences of Brazil, India, Algeria, Iran, Nigeria, and South Korea (with passing references to other countries as comparative referents). The third part focuses on trends and challenges that have emerged over the last two decades - including market reforms, democratization, and problems related to gender and the environment -", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"41325", path:"/courses/41325", description:"This course will provide an introduction to computation and data analysis using MATLAB - an industry standard programming and visualization environment. The course will cover the fundamentals of computing including: variables, functions, decisions, iteration, and recursion. These concepts will be illustrated through examples and assignments which show how computing is applied to various scienti?c and engineering problems. Examples will be drawn from the simulation of physical and chemical systems, the analysis of experimental data, Monte Carlo numerical experiments, image processing, and the creation of graphical user interfaces. This course does not assume any prior programming experience but will make use of basic concepts from calculus and Newtonian physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36823", path:"/courses/36823", description:"A conceptual view of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. Cell biology is a dynamic field and recent research discoveries will be included in the lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUDITING", number:"null", id:"39468", path:"/courses/39468", description:"This course includes a consideration of the historical role of the auditor and the changing role in today's environment, the organization of the accounting profession, and the new influences of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. It introduces the students to generally accepted auditing standards, professional ethics, and legal liability. A conceptual theory of auditing is discussed and practical examples of auditing techniques and work programs are used to illustrate the application of the theory. The course also covers the auditor's reporting standards and uses case studies and professional journal articles as bases for discussion and analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ANALYT & D ECON: Intro to Analytics and the Digital Economy", number:"null", id:"44715", path:"/courses/44715", description:"Over the past decade, there has been a dramatic rise in the use of technology skills and data analytic thinking to solve business problems in many domains, including finance, HR, policy, transport, and strategy. As a result, the modern 'analytic leader' increasingly requires the use of technology, statistics, and data skills to facilitate business analysis. This includes knowing how to effectively frame data-driven questions and use a new generation of technology tools that are becoming available to acquire, analyze, interpret, and communicate insights derived from data. Students in this hands-on course will engage with weekly labs that introduce them to new technologies, techniques, and data-driven business challenges.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP CAPITALIST SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41545", path:"/courses/41545", description:"The course follows the evolution of industrial capitalism since the beginning of the English industrial revolution in the late 18th century. It ranges from the problems of the industrial revolution in England to problems of building a market economy in eastern Europe today. In particular, it examines industrialization and explores the sources of sustained economic growth from a comparative perspective. Most of the world, especially in so-called emerging economies, is still confronted with the challenge, and often pain, of creating a modern industrial capitalist society. The course attempts to build a conceptual apparatus for understanding models of industrialization and is built around issues such as law, anti-trust, corporate forms, banking institutions, industrial relations, etc. By definition, the course tends to concentrate on successful industrializers around the world, but questions regarding continuing underdevelopment will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLINICAL PRACTIUM:DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"41878", path:"/courses/41878", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of middle-aged and older adults in a variety of ambulatory and occupational settings. Opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner with middle-aged and older adults and their families in the community. Interdisciplinary experiences will be pursued & collaborative practice emphasized. Students are expected to assess and begin to manage common chronic health problems in consultation with the appropriate provider of care. The initiation of health promotion & health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Includes 16 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42048", path:"/courses/42048", description:"This course introduces the field of evolutionary psychology, which is an approach to the study of human behavior. We will consider the threoretical underpinnings of the field, including evolutionary threory, development, kinship, and adaptations for social life, and will sample some of the recent empirical contributions to this growing area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAMATURGY", number:"null", id:"39398", path:"/courses/39398", description:"This course will examine the functions and methods of the dramaturg--the person in the theatrical process who advises the artistic collaborators on (among other things) new play development, the structure of the script, the playwright's biography and other writings, the play's first production and its subsequent production history, and the historical and regional details of the period depicted in the plays action. We will study the history of the dramaturg in the American theatre and discuss contemporary issues relating to the dramaturg's contribution to the theatrical production (including the legal debates about the dramaturg's contribution to the creation of RENT). And, in creative teams, the class will create dramaturgical portfolios for a season of imaginary (and, potentially, a few actual) theatrical productions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FNCE (HALF CU)", number:"null", id:"44202", path:"/courses/44202", description:"This course serves as an introduction to corporate investments for non-majors. The primary objective is to provide a framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques, corporate capital budgeting and valuation, investment decisions under uncertainty, and capital asset pricing. This course will not cover the following topics included in FNCE 611, the full semester Corporate Finance course: market efficiency, corporate financial policy (including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues), and options. Please Note: This course will not count towards the Finance Major. Format: Primarily lecture. Grading based on problem sets, one or two cases, and a final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION THROUGHOUT THE LIFE CYCLE", number:"null", id:"40430", path:"/courses/40430", description:"Understanding and meeting nutritional needs from conception through adulthood will be addressed. Nutrition-related concerns at each stage of the lifecycle, including impact of lifestyle, education, economics and food behavior will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INSECT EPIDEMIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42970", path:"/courses/42970", description:"Malaria, Dengue, Chagas disease, the Plague- some of the most deadly and widespread infectious diseases are carried by insects. The insects are also pernicious pests; bed bugs have returned from obscurity to wreak havoc on communities, invasive species decimate agricultural production, and wood borers are threatening forests across the United States. At the same time declines among the insects on which we depend- the honeybees and other pollinators--threaten our food security and ultimately the political stability of the US and other nations. We will study the areas where the insects and humans cross paths, and explore how our interactions with insects can be cause, consequence or symptom of much broader issues. This is not an entomology course but will cover a lot about bugs. It's not a traditional epidemiology course but will cover some fascinating epidemiological theory originally developed for the control of disease vectors. It will cover past epidemics and infestations that have changed the course of the history of cities and reversed advancing armies. HSOC 241. Stem Cells, Science and Society. Gearhart/Zaret.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"39181", path:"/courses/39181", description:"An intermediate course in the statics and dynamics of particles and rigid bodies. Langrangian dynamics, central forces, non-inertial reference frames, and rigid bodies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOTRIBOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43106", path:"/courses/43106", description:"Engineering is progressing to ever smaller scales, enabling new technologies, materials, devices, and applications. This course will provide an introduction to nano-scale tribology and the critical role it plays in the developing areas of nanoscience and nanotechnology. We will discuss how contact, adhesion, friction, lubrication, and wear at interfaces originate, using an integrated approach that combines concepts of mechanics, materials science, chemistry, and physics. We will cover a range of concepts and applications, drawing connections to both established and new approaches. We will discuss the limits of continuum mechanics and present newly developed theories and experiments tailored to describe micro- and nano-scale phenomena. We will emphasize specific applications throughout the course. Reading of scientific literature, critical peer discussion, individual and team problem assignments, and a peer-reviewed literature research project will be assigned as part of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40585", path:"/courses/40585", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the politics of the Peoples Republic of China. Complementing offerings in other departments, this course emphasizes events in the period since the Chinese Communist Party established its regime in 1949. In addition to surveying the political history of contemporary China, we will assess the meaning of these events by drawing upon theories about the nature and significance of ideology and organization in communist regimes, factionalism and its relationship to policy formulation and implementation, and general issues of political and economic development. Although the principal focus is on the domestic politics of the PRC, the course includes several lectures examining Chinas international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The US and Human Rights: Policies and Practices", number:"null", id:"36677", path:"/courses/36677", description:"This course will deal with Law and Society in Africa. After surveying the various legal systems in Africa, the focus will be on how and to what extent the countries of Africa re-Africanized their legal systems by reconciling their legal systems that are used as instruments of social change and development. Toward this end, the experiences of various African countries covering the various legal traditions will be included. Specific focus will be on laws covering both economic and social relations. This emphasis includes laws of marriage, divorce and inheritance, laws of contracts and civil wrongs and African's law of investments and International Relations, among other laws. Throughout this course a comparative analysis with non-African countries will be stressed. Readings include research papers, reports, statutes, treaties, and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIDDLE EGYPTIAN", number:"null", id:"36705", path:"/courses/36705", description:"Introduction to the grammar of Middle Egyptian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDATIONS OF ENG MATH I", number:"null", id:"39909", path:"/courses/39909", description:"This is the first course of a two semester sequence, but each course is self contained. Over the two semesters topics are drawn from various branches of applied mathematics that are relevant to engineering and applied science. These include: Linear Algebra and Vector Spaces, Hilbert spaces, Higher-Dimensional Calculus, Vector Analysis, Differential Geometry, Tensor Analysis, Optimization and Variational Calculus, Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations, Initial-Value and Boundary-Value Problems, Green's Functions, Special Functions, Fourier Analysis, Integral Transforms and Numerical Analysis. The fall course emphasizes the study of Hilbert spaces, ordinary and partial differential equations, the initial-value, boundary-value problem, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Translation of Poetry and the Poetry of Translation", number:"null", id:"38463", path:"/courses/38463", description:"In this class we will study and translate some of the major figures in 20th century poetry, including Rainer Maria Rilke, Claire Malroux, Pablo Neruda, Cesare Pavese, Anna Akhmatova, and Bei Dao. While the curriculum will be tailored to the interests and linguistic backgrounds of the students who enroll, all those curious about world poetry and the formidable, irresistible act of translation are welcome. Students should have at least an intermediate knowledge of a language other than English. We will study mulitple translations of seminal poems, render our own versions in response, and have the additional opportunity to work directly from the original. Students may also work in pairs, or groups. A portion of the course will be set up as a creative writing workshop in which to examine the overall effect of each others' translations so that first drafts can become sucessful revisions. While class discussions will explore the contexts and particularity of (among others) Urdu, Italian, French, and Polish poetry, they might ultimately reveal how notions of national literature have radically shifted in recent years to more polyglottic and globally textured forms. Through guest speakers, essays on translation theory, and our own ongoing experiments, this course will celebrate the ways in which great poetry underscores the fact that language", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"43141", path:"/courses/43141", description:"Marketing begins and ends with the customer, from determining customers' needs and wants to providing customer satisfaction and maintaining customer relationships. This course examines the basic concepts and principles in customer behavior with the goal of understanding how these ideas can be used in marketing decision making. The class will consist of a mix of lectures, discussions, cases, assignments, project work and exams. Topics covered include customer psychological processes (e.g., motivation, perception, attitudes, decision-making) and their impact on marketing (e.g., segmentation, branding, and customer satisfaction). The goal is to provide you with a set of approaches and concepts to consider when faced with a decision involving understanding customer responses to marketing actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUTH ASIANS IN THE US", number:"null", id:"36775", path:"/courses/36775", description:"This course investigates the everyday practices and customs of South Asians in America. Every immigrant group has its own history, customs, beliefs and values, making each unique while simultaneously a part of the 'melting pot' or salad bowl' of American society. Yet how do people define themselves and their ethnicities living in a diasporic context? By taking into account the burgeoning South Asian American population as our model, this course will explore the basic themes surrounding the lives that immigrants are living in America, and more specifically the identity which the second generation, born and/or raised in American, is developing. South Asians in the U.S. will be divided thematically covering the topics of ethnicity, marriage, gender, religion, and pop culture. Reading and assignments will discuss a variety of issues and viewpoints that are a part of the fabric of South Asia, but will focus on the interpretation of such expressive culture in the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUEER VALUES", number:"null", id:"37280", path:"/courses/37280", description:"What are queer cultural experiences and values? Many academics and social movements have noted that the radical aspirations of queer theory and activism not only disrupt but also shore up neoliberal ideologies. In this course students will explore the historical and co-emergence of queer cultures and neoliberalism by examining the promises and pitfalls of queer politics over the past quarter century. The coining of 'queer theory' by Theresa de Lauretis in 1990 was intended as a disruptive joke. Its provocation resided in joining 'queer,' an appropriation of street slang bandied about among New York City activists and artists in the 1980s, to 'theory,' the passport of priviledge in academic life. The irreverence of her joke exemplifies a central ethic of queer experience that renders palpable the tensions between margins and centers. The course will traverse scholarship from economic and queer anthropology, history, sociology & science studies, philosophy, political theory and literary studies. 

This wide survey of literature will allow students to develop an understanding of the political and economic processes that have conditioned the emergence of queerness as a diverse range of ethical commitments in particular sociocultural contexts globally. Students will investigate the affective dimensions of the emergence of queer theory, studies and activism within the United States and elsewhere in the context of global neoliberal social reforms. The course is split into four units: 1) In the Place of Queer Origins; 2) Queer Values; 3) Queer Circulations and Subjectivities; and 4) Queer Temporalities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENT ZULU I RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"43660", path:"/courses/43660", description:"This elementary course is for beginners and it requires no prior knowledge of Zulu. The course will expose students to the Zulu language and culture and will be based in the National Standards for Foreign Language Learning. Students will be engaged in communicative language learning through interpersonal, interpretive and presentational modes of language learning techniques. They will gain knowledge and understanding of the Zulu culture. They will use their Zulu language and culture learning experience to connect with other disciplines and further their knowledge of these disciplines through perspectives acquired from their Zulu class. They will also develop insight into the nature of language and culture through comparisons of the Zulu language and culture and their own. Through movies, songs, and other cultural activities online students will acquire the natural use of the language which will enable them to acquire linguistic and cultural skill to become life-long learners who can participate in Zulu communities in the U.S. and overseas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICE OF TRANSFORMATIVE NURSING EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"37664", path:"/courses/37664", description:"This course is designed to provide expert advanced practice nurses and midwives, currently holding faculty positons, with a theory and practice base to promote excellence in classroom teaching. The focus of the course is theories and principles of teaching and learning related to adult learning. Personal and educational philosophies and their relationship to the learner are explored. Basic components of curriculum development are integral to the course. A designated mentor teacher at the home university with a Masters or Doctorate degree, nominated by the student and approved by the Course Director, works in partnership with the student and Penn faculty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLATO'S DIALOGUE: PLATO ON PLEASURE", number:"null", id:"43335", path:"/courses/43335", description:"A study of selected dialogues of Plato. All texts will be read in translation. No prior experience in Plato is required, but students should have some background in philosophy. Dialogues studied will vary from term to term.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TAXES AND BUS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"45085", path:"/courses/45085", description:"The objective of this course is to develop a framework for understanding how taxes affect business decisions. Traditional finance and strategy courses do not consider the role of taxes. Similarly, traditional tax courses often ignore the richness of the decision context in which tax factors operate. The key themes of the framework - all parties, all taxes and all costs - are applied to decision contexts such as investments, compensation, organizational form, regulated industries, financial instruments, tax-sheltered investments, mergers and acquisitions, multinational, and multistate. The ultimate goal is to provide a new approach to thinking about taxes (and all forms of government intervention) that will be valuable even as laws and governments change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ASTROPHYSICS I", number:"null", id:"39574", path:"/courses/39574", description:"This is a basic course for majors in astronomy,in other physical sciences, and in engineering covering fundamental knowledge of the solar system, its formation, properties of light and matter as they affect understanding astrophysical objects, and stellar structure and evolution including black holes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JEWISH FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"40403", path:"/courses/40403", description:"The Jews are among the few nations and ethnic groups whose oral tradition occurs in literary and religious texts dating back more than two thousand years. This tradition changed and diversified over the years in terms of the migrations of Jews into different countries and the historical, social, and cultural changes that these countries underwent. The course attempts to capture the historical and ethnic diversity of Jewish Folklore in a variety of oral literary forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LONG-FORM JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"42694", path:"/courses/42694", description:"This course in long-form journalism is required of all journalistic writing minors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RED VIENNA BTW THE WARS", number:"null", id:"40079", path:"/courses/40079", description:"Die Zeit zwischen den beiden Weltkriegen ist fuer das ehemalige Koenigsreich Oesterreich-Ungarn gekennzeichnet durch bedeutende kulturelle, politische und gesellschaftliche Entwicklungen.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS MEANING?", number:"null", id:"41959", path:"/courses/41959", description:"This course will survey several central topics in philosophy of mind and language, as well as investigate how these areas of philosophy interact with the scientific study of the mind. Questions adressed may include: What is it to have a mind? What is consciousness? What is it to think, to perceive, to act, to communicate, to feel emotions? What is the relationship between the mind and the brain? Can there be a science of the mind? Of language? What can it tell us? What can philosophy contribute to cognitive science? We will look for more precise ways of asking these questions, and we will study some canonical answers to them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BILINGUALISM IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40224", path:"/courses/40224", description:"This course introduces the foundations of linguistics - the scientific study of language - through exploration of multilingualism in the USA and in different societies around the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"37713", path:"/courses/37713", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLUID MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"41703", path:"/courses/41703", description:"Physical properties; fluid statics; Bernoulli equation; fluid kinematics; conservation laws and finite control-volume analysis; conservation laws and differential analysis; inviscid flow; The Navier-Stokes equation and some exact solutions; similitude, dimensional analysis, and modeling; flow in pipes and channels; boundary layer theory; lift and drag.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHIP I", number:"null", id:"41801", path:"/courses/41801", description:"Introduction to and development of principles of tonal voice-leading, harmonic function, counterpoint, and form through written analysis, composition, improvisation, and written work. Course covers diatonic harmony and introduction to chromaticism. Repertoires will focus on Western classical music. Musicianship component will include sight-singing, dictation keyboard harmony. Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUEER CINEMA: QUEER NEGATIVITY", number:"null", id:"42524", path:"/courses/42524", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDIO LIGHTING", number:"null", id:"41402", path:"/courses/41402", description:"The necessity of light and how light is rendered in relationship to what is seen and understood, is often a key ingredient in the portrayal of a subject. The origin of the still life can be found in images as far back as antiquity and has dealt with notions of death, science, class, social customs and even sex. Photography picked up on the tradition in 1827 and has not only made use of the form, but has expanded the topic into very unique territories. Contemporary artists have re-invented and re-invigorated the still life, formalism & abstract photography. As a framework for exploring 'hands-on' lighting techniques, students will creatively grapple with the photography of objects in the studio. Working with the physical, symbolic, and conceptual ramifications of depicting specific forms in an image, teamed with the discussion of key texts, critiques, and studio lighting seminars, each student will create a considered and unique portfolio of images.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MIDDLE EAST", number:"null", id:"44600", path:"/courses/44600", description:"This is the second half of the Near East sequence. This course surveys Islamic civilization from circa 600 (the rise of Islam) to the start of the modern era and concentrates on political, social, and cultural trends. Although the emphasis will be on Middle Eastern societies, we will occasionally consider developments in other parts of the world, such as sub-Saharan Africa, Central Asia, and Spain, where Islamic civilization was or has been influential. Our goal is to understand the shared features that have distinguished Islamic civilization as well as the varieties of experience that have endowed it with so much diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM FRENCH: ACCELERATED", number:"null", id:"41446", path:"/courses/41446", description:"French 112 is an intensive elementary language course for students who have not studied French, but who have met the language requirement in another foreign language. This course will provide an introduction of the basic structures of French, with intensive work on speaking adn listening designed to prepare students to take Intermediate French. Due to the nature of the course, the first half will progress rapidly with the more difficult material presented after the midterm period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROFICIENCY I", number:"null", id:"41621", path:"/courses/41621", description:"This course is for students with an advanced background in Japanese, who are interested in taking at least the Level 2 Japanese Proficiency Test. Solid grammar, an extensive vocabulary, and the knowledge of at least 800-900 Chinese characters is required. This course is not continuous with any existing 300-level Japanese course; therefore, your grade from a 300-level course does not qualify you to take this course. Eligibility will be determined through an interview and placement test taken in the first meeting. All students who take this course are required to take the Japanese Proficiency Test in December.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE & LITERATURE: MED & LIT: 1650-1850", number:"null", id:"37055", path:"/courses/37055", description:"This course offers a comprehensive study of significant changes and continuities in the history of medicine from 1650-1850, alongside works of literature that exemplify the shifting notions of the doctor and sickness in the Western medical tradition. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BATT & SUPER-CAP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41366", path:"/courses/41366", description:"This is a senior / graduate course on scientific and technological fundamentals as they apply to electrochemical batteries and super-capacitors. The perspective utilized will be a combination of materials and systems science. The course will introduce the student to the different categories of electrochemical cells and batteries, and their related chemistry, kinds of super-capacitors, charging and discharging profiles, equivalent series resistance (ESR), power capacities, and lifetimes. For super-capacitors, the student will be introduced to double layer capacitance (DLC) and pseudo-capacitance types of energy storage, super-capacitor fundamentals through Faradaic and non-Faradaic processes, pseudo-capacitance of metal oxides and electro-active polymers (EAPs), non-ideal polarizable electrodes, energetics and kinetics of electrode processes, theories of dielectric polarization, inorganic and organic electrol carbonaceous materials, effective surface area (ESA) and functionalizations, as well as the AC impedance behavior of batteries and super-capacitors including the self-discharge characteristics of both. The fundamental electrochemical relations will be discussed, as well as battery / super-caps system modeling, and batteries management systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"42215", path:"/courses/42215", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. Student assignments will focus on constructing a neighborhood case study of a community experiencing rapid neighborhood change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IN MEMS AND NEMS", number:"null", id:"35722", path:"/courses/35722", description:"Introduction to MEMS and NEMS technologies: MEMS/NEMS applications and key commercial success stories (accelerometers, gyroscopes, digital light projectors, resonators). Review of micromachining techniques and MEMS/NEMS fabrication approaches. Actuation methods in MEMS and NEMS, MEMS/NEMS design and modeling. Examples of MEMS/NEMS components from industry and academia. Case studies: MEMS inertial sensors, microscale mirrors, micro and nano resonators, micro and nano switches, MEMS/NEMS chem/bio sensors, MEMS gyroscopes, MEMS microphones.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL FIGURE MODELING", number:"null", id:"41389", path:"/courses/41389", description:"This course introduces methods of modeling, texturing, and rendering human and animal figures. Students will study anatomical bone and muscle structures, and then employ this knowledge as they develop polygonal models for real-time 3D simulations or gaming environments, high-resolution renderings, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRO AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"36674", path:"/courses/36674", description:"This course will study the history of African-Americans from their first encounter with Europeans in the 16th century to their emancipation during the Civil War. This course will concentrate on the variety of black responses to capture, enslavement, and forced acculturation in the New World. the difference in the slave experience of various New World countries, and the methods of black resistance and rebellion to varied slave systems will be investigated. The nature and role of the free black communities in antebellum American will also be studied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Spirituality in the Age of Global Warming", number:"null", id:"44880", path:"/courses/44880", description:"We are living in the midst of one of the most severe crises in the Earth's history. Science confirms the glaciers are melting, hurricanes are growing more intense, and the oceans are rising. But there is also a deeply spiritual dimension to global warming that does not factor into the scientific explanations of the Anthropocene. 'Spirituality' will be defined not in terms of one particular religion, but in relationship to a passionate study of the environment and nature. Readings will include materials from both the sciences and the humanities such as Donella Meadows's Thinking in Systems, Elizabeth Kolbert's The Sixth Extinction, Barbara Kingsolver's Flight Behavior, and films such as Black Fish and Wale Rider. The theoretical focus of the course will be how 'multispecies partnerships' can help us better understand and mitigate the effects of Climate Change. This class will work collaboratively on a digital archive with an interactive mapping interface designed in Scalar. This newly developed platform allows for the creation of multimedia exhibits that will document how Global Warming is affecting coral reefs in the tropics, glaciers in the Arctic and Antarctic, rainforests in the Amazon and rivers of Philadelphia. Students will also work individually to design interactive maps on the Scalar platform documenting their own more", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & PRAC OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"36104", path:"/courses/36104", description:"This course is designed for those persons who desire to understand the distinct strategies and practices of family-controlled companies and family wealth management. It will focus on shareholder decision making; financial and market driven options for long-run competitiveness, organizational structures and management team issues; strategic planning from a resource-based perspective; transition planning for the corporate entity, wealth, leadership and relationships; family dynamics and communication issues; and leadership empowerment. The course is intended for those who plan to consult or provide professional services to family-controlled companies and for those planning a career in their family firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABORATORY", number:"null", id:"36852", path:"/courses/36852", description:"Experimental studies in heat and mass transfer, separations and chemical reactors to verify theoretical concepts and learn laboratory techniques. Methods for analyzing and presenting data. Report preparation and the presentation of an oral technical report.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTH OF CORPORATIONS", number:"null", id:"35291", path:"/courses/35291", description:"Modern business corporations can be characterized as having their own internal cultures, more or less distinct from one another. They also exist within encompassing cultures and cultural flows. At the same time, corporations are producers and disseminators, and thus have effects on their surrounding environments, effects that extend from the local to the global. This course examines modern corporations from these three perspectives through theoretical and ethnographic readings, guest speakers from the corporate world, and independent research conducted by the students. Course requirements include student presentations of their research and readings; one or more take-home exams; and a final research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG MECHANICS: DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"36084", path:"/courses/36084", description:"This course introduces the basic concepts in kinematics and dynamics that are necessary to understand, analyze and design mechanisms and machines. These concepts are also fundamental to the modeling and analysis of human movement, biomechanics, animation of synthetic human models and robotics. The topics covered include: Particle dynamics using energy and momentum methods of analysis; Dynamics of systems of particles; Impact; Systems of variable mass; Kinematics and dynamics of rigid bodies in plane motion; Computer-aided dynamic simulation and animation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPANISH SYNTAX", number:"null", id:"39344", path:"/courses/39344", description:"Spanish 212 is an advanced-level language course that emphasizes the acquisition of the tools necessary for successful written expression in Spanish. These tools include a solid knowledge of the major points of Spanish grammar, an ample vocabulary, control of the mechanics of the language (spelling, punctuation, etc.), and a throrough understanding of the writing process. Throughout the semester, students will use these tools to analyze authentic texts and to produce a variety of written assignments. By the end of the course, students will have developed their awareness of the norms of standard Spanish and learned to incorporate these features into their own writing. The class will be conducted in Spanish and students are expected to speak in Spanish at all times.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLD WAR: GLOBAL HISTORY", number:"null", id:"37319", path:"/courses/37319", description:"The cold War was more than simply a military confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union; it was the frame within which the entire world developed (for better or worse) for nearly five decades. This course will examine the cold War as a global phenomenon, covering not only the military and diplomatic history of the period, but also examining the social and cultural impact of the superpower confrontation. We will cover the origins of the conflict, the interplay between periods of tension and detente, the relative significance of disagreements within the opposing blocs, and the relationship between the 'center' of the conflict in the North Atlantic/European area and the global 'periphery'.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES RESEARCH SEMINAR FOR JUNIORS", number:"null", id:"42731", path:"/courses/42731", description:"This seminar is designed to help Juniors prepare for the Senior Thesis research. Topic selection, advisor identification, funding options, and basic research methods will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER,SEXUALITY & LIT: SEX AND THE CITY", number:"null", id:"38451", path:"/courses/38451", description:"This course will focus on questions of gender difference and of sexual desire in a range of literary works, paying special attention to works by women and treatments of same-sex desire. More fundamentally, the course will introduce students to questions about the relation between identity and representation. We will attend in particular to intersections between gender, sexuality, race, class, and nation, and will choose from a rich vein of authors: Mary Wollstonecraft, Jane Austen, Mary Shelley, Lord Byron, the Brontes, Christina Rossetti, George Eliot, Oscar Wilde, Henry James, Gertrude Stein, Zora Neale Hurston, E. M. Forster, Virginia Woolf, Nella Larsen, Radclyffe Hall, Willa Cather, Elizabeth Bishop, Jean Rhys, James Baldwin, Sylvia Plath, Bessie Head, Audre Lorde, Adrienne Rich, Cherr?e Moraga, Toni Morrison, Michael Cunningham, Dorothy Allison, Jeanette Winterson, and Leslie Feinberg.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL COMPARATIVE MGMT", number:"null", id:"37543", path:"/courses/37543", description:"This course covers how firms from the US, Asia, Europe and Latin America adapt to different countries and operate in the global economy. The complexities of a world of nation-states and trade blocs produce both opportunities and challenges to firms operating across national boundaries. Most recently, however, globalization has tended to delete national boundaries in selective ways and has created new managerial challenges. This course intends to provide the future international manager with a broad view of the factors underlying international and global business success through an understanding of the relevant comparative, cross-national differences. The emphasis will be placed on providing students with concepts, techniques, and factual knowledge useful for their careers in international and global business management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"44199", path:"/courses/44199", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS", number:"null", id:"42326", path:"/courses/42326", description:"Ever wonder what the point was of reading the 'founding fathers' of the discipline (and yes, they were most often fathers)? Ever feel like the 'old stuff' and the 'old questions' have no relevance to your contemporary interests? This course, designed primarily for cultural anthropology majors, will provide clues. This is NOT a comprehensive history of the discipline. Instead, we will examine some of the main issues that have been foundational to anthropology, and will explore how approaches to these issues have changed over time. To do so, we will contextualize our analysis of transformations in anthropological knowledge production within historical and contemporary political economies. By exploring core issues that continue to inspire and inform anthropological theory and ethnographic practice, we will solidify our commitment to a holistic and relational understanding of social processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARAB ISRAELI RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"39218", path:"/courses/39218", description:"In this course the Arab-Israeli dispute from 1948 to the present will serve as a vehicle for understanding how domestic and global political processes interact to shape, contain, or aggravate Middle Eastern wars between states and non-state actors. Particular stress will be placed on understanding how wars affect international politics in states and political organizations and how ideological and structural features of states and organizations find expression in wars and complicate or enable the search for peach. In addition, the key features of the conflict will be interpreted as both a clash between the political interests of national and/or religious groups and as a reflection of global political power struggles. Attention will be given toward the end of the course to alternative ideas about possible resolution of the conflict as well as to the increasingly prominent argument that, in this case, there is no solution.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A THEME: PIRATES:  REAL/IMAGINED", number:"null", id:"41284", path:"/courses/41284", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through the works of a compelling literary theme. The theme's function within specific historical contexts, within literary history generally, and within contemporary culture, are likely to be emphasized. Some versions of this course will also serve as an introduction to other members of the English faculty, who will visit the class as guest lecturers. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NAT DISTURB & DISASTERS", number:"null", id:"40049", path:"/courses/40049", description:"Natural disturbances play a fundamental role in sculpturing landscapes and structuring natural and human-based ecosystems. This course explores the natural and social science of disturbances by analyzing their geologic causes, their ecological and social consequences, and the role of human behavior in disaster reduction and mitigation. Volcanoes, earthquakes, floods, droughts, fires, and extraterrestrial impacts are analyzed and compared.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS LAW & LITERATURE: COPYRIGHT AND CULTURE", number:"null", id:"35665", path:"/courses/35665", description:"This course explores an aspect of law and literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGY OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"44843", path:"/courses/44843", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTMP POL,POLICY,JOURN", number:"null", id:"38366", path:"/courses/38366", description:"A course on the modern media and its impact on government and politics. It primarily covers the post-Watergate/post-Vietnam era of journalism, the past quarter century. Each week focuses on specific topics and areas of post-Watergate journalism, as well as current press coverage of national events over the prior week. This course gives students the opportunity to interact and discuss the intersection of the press, politics, and public policy with some of the leading practitioners in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TIBETAN II", number:"null", id:"35259", path:"/courses/35259", description:"Beginning Tibetan II will develop the fundamentals of the modern Tibetan language in its literary and spoken forms. Students will continue learning to read Tibetan and analyze Tibetan grammatical forms. Students will also continue learning conversational Tibetan, and increase familiarity with the structures of spoken grammar and its pronunciation. This class will provide a foundation for reading Tibetan literature, both classical and modern, and for speaking Tibetan, a language that lives in Tibet and in diaspora communities around the globe. Learning the fundamentals of Tibetan language in this class will open a window into a rich and colorful culture, the unique culture of Tibet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOOD IN ISLAMIC MID EAST", number:"null", id:"44609", path:"/courses/44609", description:"In the tenth century, a scholar named Ibn Sayyar al-Warraq produced an Arabic manuscript called Kitab al-Tabikh (The Book of Cooking). This volume, which c ompiled and discussed the recipes of eighth- and ninth-century Islamic rulers (caliphs) and their courts in Iraq, represents the oldest known surviving cookbook of the Arab-Islamic world. Many more such cookbooks followed; in their day they represented an important literary genre among cultured elites. As one food historian recently noted, there are more cookbooks in Arabic from before 1400 than in the rest of the worlds languages put together. Ibn Sayyars cookbook can help us to think about the historical and cultural d ynamics of food. In this class, we will focus on the Middle East across the sweep of the Islamic era, into the modern period, and until the present day, although many of the readings will consider the study of food in other places (including the contemporary United States) for comparative insights. The class will use the historical study of food and foodways as a lens for examining subject s that relate to a wide array of fields and interests. These subjects include economics, agricultural and environmental studies, anthropology, literature, religion, and public health. With regard to the modern", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37828", path:"/courses/37828", description:"This course will cover theory and research related to the development of attachment, emotional regulation, peer and intimate relationships, personality, moral reasoning, and emotional and behavioral disorders. The course will emphasize the degree to which family, peer, and community contexts influence development from infancy into adulthood. Efforts will be made to integrate biological and environmental accounts of development across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SOUTH 1861-PRES", number:"null", id:"44318", path:"/courses/44318", description:"This course will trace the history of the American South from the end of the Civil War to the present. It will investigate Reconstruction, the New South, Populism, racial disfranchisement and the rise of Jim Crow, the politics of the One-Party South, the South in the Progressive era and its role in the New Deal and World War II, the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and the rise of the Republican South. While following the narrative of politics and economic development,we will pay particular attention to race relations and will be more than casually interested in gender roles. In addition, we will take frequent peeks at the evolving Southern identity as reflected in popular culture and literature as well as in other corners of the public sphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL ILLUSTRATION", number:"null", id:"38555", path:"/courses/38555", description:"Digital Illustration is a course designed to expose students to the diverse techniques and approaches used in creating digital illustration for print publication. Course assignments will include two-dimensional animation storyboard rendering, figure illustration, technical diagram illustration, photographic retouching and enhancing. Digital applications will include morphing with layers, surface cloning, three-dimensional modeling and spatial transformation of scenes and objects. Students completing this course will possess the capability to design and plan creatively and skillfully execute finished artwork.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CANTONESE II", number:"null", id:"35456", path:"/courses/35456", description:"Beginning Cantonese is a preliminary course for spoken Cantonese. The course provides fundamental aspects of the dialect as experienced in daily life situations and will enable students to communicate in Cantonese for daily life needs, such as making phone calls, making purchases, getting around by various means of transportation, seeing a doctor, being a guest or a host at dinner, talking about the weather, talking about sports and entertainment, etc. The course will be completed in two semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERPIECES OF FRENCH CINEMA", number:"null", id:"40033", path:"/courses/40033", description:"This course will introduce students to key films of the French film canon, selected over a period ranging from the origins of French cinema to the present. Students will also be introduced to the key critical concepts (such as the notion of the 'auteur' film genre) informing the discussion of films in France. The films will be studied in both a historical and theoretical context, related to their period styles (e.g. 'le realisme poetique,' 'la Nouvelle Vague,' etc.), their 'auteurs,' the nature of the French star system, the role of the other arts, as well to the critical debates they have sparked among critics and historians. Students will acquire the analytical tools in French to discuss films as artistic and as cultural texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL MATLS SCI", number:"null", id:"37576", path:"/courses/37576", description:"This course will cover fundamentals of atomic level modeling of the structure and properties of materials. Specifically it will cover metals, semiconductors, oxides and other ionic crystals. First, the description of atomic interactions will be introduced. This will include both basics of the density functional theory and approximations in terms of pair potentials, embedded atom method and tight-binding. The methods of computer modeling include molecular statics, molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo and lattice dynamics (phonons). Interpretations of results of such modeling in terms of structures, for example using the radial distribution function, thermodynamic and statistical physics analyses will be an important component of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ocean-Atmosphere Dynamics and Implications for Future Climate Change", number:"null", id:"38511", path:"/courses/38511", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of atmosphere and ocean dynamics, and aims to put these in the context of climate change in the 21st century. Large-scale atmospheric and oceanic circulation, the global energy balance, and the global energy balance, and the global hydrological cycle. We will introduce concepts of fluid dynamics and we will apply these to the vertical and horizontal motions in the atmosphere and ocean. Concepts covered include: hydrostatic law, buoyancy and convection, basic equations of fluid motions, Hadley and Ferrel cells in the atmosphere, thermohaline circulation, Sverdrup ocean flow, modes of climate variability (El-Nino, North Atlantic Oscillation, Southern Annular Mode). The course will incorporate student led discussions based on readings of the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report and recent literature on climate change. Aimed at undergraduate or graduate students who have no prior knowledge of meteorology or oceanography or training in fluid mechanics. Previous background in calculus and/or introductory physics is helpful. This is a general course which spans many subdisciplines (fluid mechanics, atmospheric science, oceanography, hydrology).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: PROSE", number:"null", id:"37407", path:"/courses/37407", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 102 or equivalent (such as placement score of 550). Introduction to continuous reading of unadapted works by Latin authors in prose(e.g., Cornelius Nepos, Cicero, Pliny), in combination with a thorough review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss questions of language and interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"36285", path:"/courses/36285", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of the childbearing women and their families in primary care settings. The course presents the opportunity to implement the role of the Nurse Practitioner with the childbearing woman and her family. The focus is on comprehensive physical, psychosocial and educational management of women and their families during pregnancy and postpartum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING II", number:"null", id:"38575", path:"/courses/38575", description:"Figure Drawing II is an advanced class designed to further develop the student's skill and facility in capturing the human form. Content and conceptual issues will be explored through individualized projects concentrating on the figure. Students will also expand on their knowledge of drawing media and application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Nonprofit Financial Management", number:"null", id:"40042", path:"/courses/40042", description:"The course is designed to provide the student with an understanding of the primary financial management issues and decisions that confront senior management in nonprofits and government. Students will examine financial analysis techniques from both a practical and strategic perspective as they examine operating and capital decisions. The objective of the course is to allow the student to understand how managers integrate the various discrete financial decisions within a broader framework that allows them to analyze, develop and execute a coherent overall financial strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43821", path:"/courses/43821", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKTG in Emerging Economies: Understanding & MKTG to the Chinese Consumer", number:"null", id:"38973", path:"/courses/38973", description:"This course is a two part series. The first part concentrates on the Indian Consumer and the second part concentrates on the Chinese Consumer. India and China add up to half of the world's population. Each presents its own challenges and opportunities. US and European MNCs have been in both countries for many years, but emerging market MNC's are becoming stronger and in many cases overtaking US and European companies despite their strong brands and know-how.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"44206", path:"/courses/44206", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. The course covers current conceptual and theoretical valuation frameworks and translates those frameworks into practical approaches for valuing companies. The relevant accounting topics and the appropriate finance theory are integrated to show how to implement the valuation frameworks discussed on a step-by-step basis. The course teaches how to develop the required information for valuing companies from financial statements and other information sources in a real-world setting. Topics covered in depth include discounted cash flow techniques and price multiples. In addition, the course covers other valuation techniques such as leveraged buyout analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV RUSSIAN FOR BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"39293", path:"/courses/39293", description:"This advanced language course focuses on developing effective oral and written communication skills for working in a Russian-speaking business environment. Students will discuss major aspects of Russian business today and learn about various Russian companies using material from the current Russian business press. In addition, students will be engaged in a number of creative projects, such as business negotiation simulations, and simulation of creating a company in Russia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROB&STATS FOR BIOT", number:"null", id:"45114", path:"/courses/45114", description:"The course covers topics in probability theories and statistical techniques, with emphases placed on the practical problems relevant to the subject areas of biotechnology. The course provides a rigorous introduction to such topics as elements of probability, random variables and probability functions, random samples, parameter estimations, hypothesis testing, regression, analysis of variance, lifetime testing, and nonparametric tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSTAINABLE GOODS", number:"null", id:"37115", path:"/courses/37115", description:"The study of sustainability-the long term viability of humans in harmony with the environment-has been identified as a critical issue for society and industry and is evolving to examine how society should conduct itself in order to survive.This issue impacts the consumer goods that we use in our lives,the processes that are designed to make these goods, and the raw materials that we obtain to create these goods.The questions that we will examine will be:can these goods be obtained,made,and consumed in a fashion that allows the current quality of life to be mantained (or enhanced) for future generations? Can these processes be sustainable? A review of consumer goods is necessary as the starting point in order to understand the basic needs of people in society and why people consume goods as they do. Subsequently,each student will choose a product to examine in detail and will research the product for its impact with respect to natural resource selection,production,use,and disposal/reuse.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE BEFORE 1660", number:"null", id:"37045", path:"/courses/37045", description:"This course will introduce students to key works of English literature written before 1660. It will explore the major literary genres of this period, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. The course will examine how literature texts articulate changes in language and form, as well as in concepts of family, nation, and community during the medieval and early modern periods. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"42289", path:"/courses/42289", description:"Topics vary. See the Africana Studies Department's course list at https://africana.sas.upenn.edu for a description of the current offering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART OF THE WEB", number:"null", id:"42774", path:"/courses/42774", description:"Art of the Web: Interactive concepts for art and design is a first step in learning how tocreate, analyze and discuss interactive content, as a visual creator. It is an exploration of the culture of the internet, the ideas behind its quirks, the dreams and freedoms it encapsulates, and the creative power it gives to us. Students will be assigned projects that will challenge their current understanding of the web, and the ways it shapes human connectivity and interaction. Upon completion of this course, students will possess a working knowledge how to organize and design websites and learn to critique web-content including navigation, UX design and information architecture. The course will require analytical and conceptual skills and foster creative thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMOLEC & CELLULAR ENG", number:"null", id:"35356", path:"/courses/35356", description:"This course will introduce concepts and methods for the quantitative understanding of molecular and cellular phenomena. Topics include molecular recognition, receptor-ligand binding, viral infection, signal transduction, cell adhesion, motility, and cytoskeletal dynamics. The course requires mathematics at the level of differential equations, and some knowledge of Matlab programming. A basic knowledge of cell biology is suggested, although not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"40715", path:"/courses/40715", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts of the Spanish-speaking world. At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through reading, oral presentations, video viewing, and regular writing assignments. The course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR NETWRKS & PROTOCOLS", number:"null", id:"41357", path:"/courses/41357", description:"This is an introductory course on packet networks and associated protocols, with a particular emphasis on IP-based networks such as the Internet. The course introduces design and implementation choices that underlie the development of modern networks, and emphasizes basic analytical understanding of the concepts. Topics are covered in a mostly 'bottom-up' approach starting with a brief review of physical layer issues such as digital transmission, error correction and error recovery strategies. This is followed by a discussion of link layer aspects, including multiple access strategies, local area networks (Ethernet and 802.11 wireless LANs), and general store-and-forward packet switching. Network layer solutions, including IP addressing, naming, and routing are covered next, before exploring transport layer and congestion control protocols (UDP and TCP). Finally, basic approaches for quality-of-service and network security are examined. Specific applications and aspects of data compression and streaming may also be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF PSYCHOLOGY: MIND IN NATURE", number:"null", id:"41972", path:"/courses/41972", description:"Where is mind to be found in nature? Is it revealed by end-driven behavior, by mental contents, by the ability to perceive an external environment? This seminar will consider these and related questions as they arise in selected spisodes from the history of philosophy and in contemporary discussions of the evolution of minds, brains, and behavior", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM BIBLICAL HEBREW I", number:"null", id:"40103", path:"/courses/40103", description:"This course is an introduction to Biblical Hebrew. It assumes no prior knowledge, but students who can begin to acquire a reading knowledge of the Hebrew alphabet before class starts will find it extremely helpful. The course is the 1st of a 4-semester sequence whose purpose is to prepare students to take courses in Bible that demand a familiarity with the original language of the text.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ART OF THE INTERVIEW", number:"null", id:"41318", path:"/courses/41318", description:"See the English Department's website at: www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJOR SEMINAR ON KOREA: Korea in the Age of Empires, 1864-1945", number:"null", id:"42620", path:"/courses/42620", description:"This is a seminar required for all Korean majors in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilization. Topic varies year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPANISH CIVIL WAR & POSTWAR", number:"null", id:"44329", path:"/courses/44329", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENGL: COMICS & GRAPHIC NOVELS", number:"null", id:"42258", path:"/courses/42258", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of English, the study and analysis of literature. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN PROJECT", number:"null", id:"36787", path:"/courses/36787", description:"Group design projects in various areas of bioengineering. Projects are chosen by the students with approval of the instructor in the Spring semester of the Junior year and refined during the Fall semester. The course guides the students through choosing and understanding a biomedical problem, defining characteristics of a successful design solution, creatively developing potential approaches to designing solutions to eliminate or mitigate the problem, choosing, iteratively refining, and implementing a particular solution, and evaluating how well the solution fulfills the need. Final oral and written reports are required. Also emphasized are teamwork, project management, time management, regulations/standards, and effective communication.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FNDS OF COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"39749", path:"/courses/39749", description:"This course introduces you to math concepts that form the backbone of the majority of computer science. Topics covered include sets, functions, permutations and combinations, discrete probability, expectation, mathematical Induction and graph theory. The goal of the course is to ensure that students are comfortable enough with the math required for most of the CIS electives. CIS 502 and CIT596 heavily rely on concepts taught in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"36295", path:"/courses/36295", description:"This course provides a broad-based introduction to the management of information technology focusing on three interrelated themes: technology, organization, and strategy. The goal of this course is to equip students with the knowledge and tools to utilize information systems to pursue a firm's strategic and organizational goals. The course has no prerequisites other than a general interest in the applications of information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"42813", path:"/courses/42813", description:"The course focuses on financial tools, techniques, and best practices used in buyouts (financial buyers) and acquisitions (strategic buyers). While it will touch upon various strategic, organizational, and general management issues, the main lens for studying these transactions will be a financial one. It will explore how different buyers approach the process of finding, evaluating, and analyzing opportunities in the corporate-control market; how they structure deals and how deal structure affects both value creation and value division; how they add value after transaction completion; and how they realize their ultimate objectives (such as enhanced market position or a profitable exit). The course is divided into two broad modules. The first module covers mergers and acquisitions, and the second one studies buyouts by private equity partnerships. During the spring semester this course cannot be taken pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I", number:"null", id:"41982", path:"/courses/41982", description:"This calculus-based course is recommended for science majors and engineering students. Classical laws of motion; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion, and applications of mechanics to real-world problems. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 150 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN AND MNGL ACCT", number:"null", id:"43643", path:"/courses/43643", description:"This course provides an introduction to both financial and managerial accounting, and emphasizes the analysis and evaluation of accounting information as part of the managerial processes of planning, decision-making, and control. A large aspect of the course covers the fundamentals of financial accounting. The objective is to provide a basic overview of financial accounting, including basic accounting concepts and principles, as well as the structure of the income statement, balance sheet, and statement of cash flows. The course also introduces elements of managerial accounting and emphasizes the development and use of accounting information for internal decisions. Topics include cost behavior and analysis, product and service costing, and relevant costs for internal decision-making. This course is recommended for students who will be using accounting information for managing manufacturing and service operations, controlling costs, and making strategic decisions, as well as those going into general consulting or thinking of starting their own businesses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE RESEARCH METHODS IN COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"41190", path:"/courses/41190", description:"This course is a general overview of the important components of social research. The goal of this class is to understand the logic behind social science research, be able to view research with a critical eye, and to engage in the production of research. The first third of the semester focuses on defining research problems, research design, and assessing research quality. We cover such topics as sampling, measurement, and causal inference. These topics are then illustrated through reviews of two research areas: survey research and content analysis. The last third of the semester focuses descriptive and inferential statistics, measures of association for categorical and continuous variables, and the basic language of data analysis. For those classes, we make use of STATA, a program useful for learning statistics. Most modules are illustrated through lectures, class exercises, reading published scientific articles, and discussing research featured in the news.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Art of Speaking: Comm Within the Curriculum Speaking Advisor Training", number:"null", id:"38354", path:"/courses/38354", description:"This course is designed to equip students with the major tenets of rhetorical studies and peer education necessary to work as a CWiC speaking advisor. The course is a practicum that aims to develop students' abilities as speakers, as critical listeners and as advisors able to help others develop those abilities. In addition to creating and presenting individual presentations, students present workshops and practice advising. During this ABCS course, students will practice their advising skills by coaching and mentoring students at a public school in West Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HINDU MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39295", path:"/courses/39295", description:"Premodern India produced some of the world's greatest myths and stories: tales of gods, goddesses, heroes, princesses, kings and lovers that continue to capture the imaginations of millions of readers and hearers. In this course, we will look closely at some of these stories especially as found in Purana-s, great compendia composed in Sanskrit, including the chief stories of the central gods of Hinduism: Visnu, Siva, and the Goddess. We will also consider the relationship between these texts and the earlier myths of the Vedas and the Indian Epics, the diversity of the narrative and mythic materials within and across different texts, and the re-imagining of these stories in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NGOS & HUMANITARIANISM", number:"null", id:"42336", path:"/courses/42336", description:"How are non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and various humanitarian assistance projects playing a role in the lives of people across the globe? While focusing primarily (but not exclusively) on the African continent, this course will examine the rise of non-governmental bodies as political, economic, and social actors in an increasingly globalized, neoliberal world. Through a variety of theoretical discussions and case studies, we will discuss issues such as: the relationship of NGOs to governmental institutions, the ethical considerations of humanitarian assistance, the politics of 'development,' the ebb and flow of international aid money, the intersection of capitalism and NGOs, and the impact of humanitarian projects on local cultural processes. Students will leave this course with not only a better understanding of the complex webs of NGO interventions across the world, but will also cultivate a critical awareness of the potential problems raised by such institutions and their broader networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"37842", path:"/courses/37842", description:"This course evaluates 'ground-up' development as well as re-hab, re-development, and acquisition investments. We examine raw and developed land and the similarities and differences of traditional real estate product types including office, R & D, retail, warehouses, single family and multi-family residential, mixed use, and land as well as 'specialty' uses like golf courses, assisted living, and fractional share ownership. Emphasis is on concise analysis and decision making. We discuss the development process with topics including market analysis, site acquisition, due diligence, zoning, entitlements, approvals, site planning, building design, construction, financing, leasing, and ongoing management and disposition. Special topics like workouts and running a development company are also discussed. Course lessons apply to all markets but the class discusses U.S. markets only. Throughout the course, we focus on risk management and leadership issues. Numerous guest lecturers who are leaders in the real estate industry participate in the learning process. Format: predominately case analysis and discussion, some lectures, project visits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION & US PUBLIC POL", number:"null", id:"37804", path:"/courses/37804", description:"This seminar introduces students to the nation's trillion-dollar tax-exempt sector with a focus on religious nonprofit organizations including congregations and other so-called faith-based institutions. Among the topics it explores are new and old questions surrounding church-state relations, the role of relgion in American politics, empirical 'faith factor' research, and attempts to estimate the social costs and benefits associated with diverse religious nonprofit organizations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LITERATURE: WRITING ABOUT ART", number:"null", id:"37044", path:"/courses/37044", description:"Freshman Seminars under the title 'Topics in Literature' will afford entering students who are considering literary study as their major the opportunity to explore a particular and limited subject with a professor whose current work lies in that area. Topics may range from the lyric poems of Shakespeare's period to the ethnic fiction of contemporary America. Small class-size will insure all students the opportunity to participate in lively discussions. Students may expect frequent and extensive writing assignments, but these seminars are not writing courses; rather, they are intensive introductions to the serious study of literature. One of them may be counted toward the English major and may be applied to a period, genre, or thematic requirement within the major. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROGRAMMING PARADIGMS", number:"null", id:"39739", path:"/courses/39739", description:"Achieving mastery in a new programming language requires more than just learning a new syntax; rather, different languages support different ways to think about solving problems. Not all programming languages are inherently procedural or object-oriented. The intent of this course is to provide a basic understanding of a wide variety of programming paradigms, such as logic programming, functional programming, concurrent programming, rule-based programming, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR SPOKEN CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36882", path:"/courses/36882", description:"This course is designed for students who have little or no previous exposure to Chinese. The main objective of the course is to help students develop their listening and speaking skills. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods, asking for directions. Chinese characters will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV WRITING FOR CHILDREN", number:"null", id:"44061", path:"/courses/44061", description:"This is a course for students who have completed either English 121 or at least one other creative writing class. We will focus on writing novels for children from early chapter books to older teen fiction and the importance of creating compelling charcters, a good plot, excellent pacing, a distinctive voice, and an appropriate theme with the goal of each student refining an existing project or beginning work on a new one. There will be at least one reading and one writing assignment each week. Exercises will include studies in voice, point of view, plot development, humor, description, developing a fantasy world, writing historical ficion, and memoir. At the end of the semester each student will have completed a minimum of 60 pages of a novel for young readers. In addition, class work will include reading wide variety of published children's fiction, from young chapter books to older teen novels, as examples of the genre. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email that includes a brief description of their interest in the course and a writing sample of no more than five to ten pages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS OF SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"37738", path:"/courses/37738", description:"What counts as a scientific theory? What counts as evidence for a scientific theory? Are scientific inferences justified? Does science give us truths or approximate truths about a world that exists independently of us? How can we know? Does it matter? These are all perennial questions in the philosophy of science, and the goal of this course is to look at how philosophers have answered these questions since the scientific revolution. In addition to reading classic work by philosophers of science, we will read material from living and dead scientists in order to gain a deeper appreciation of the philosophical questions that have troubled the most brilliant scientists in Western science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONOLOGY II", number:"null", id:"36045", path:"/courses/36045", description:"Second half of a year-long introduction; continues LING 530. Topics to be surveyed include syllable structure and moraic theory; the prosodic hierarchy; the properties and representation of geminates; templatic and prosodic morphology; reduplication and emergence of the unmarked; and metrical phonology (properties of stress, foot typology, and issues of constituency). Emphasizes hands-on analysis of a wide range of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURAL CIRCUITS FOR SURVIVAL", number:"null", id:"42457", path:"/courses/42457", description:"A fundamental goal of neuroscience is to understand how neural circuits in the brain function to influence behavior. The aim of this course is to highlight the neural basis of behavior and discuss modern approaches and novel methods to study the neuronal control of classically studied aspects of behavior. Through a combination of discussions, student presentations, and interactive lectures, we will explore the neural systems that regulate the interactions an animal has with the external world. We will explore sensory systems (such as vision, taste, and olfaction), motor systems, and survival behaviors (such as feeding, drinking, mating, and aggression). The course evaluation will be based largely on written work, participation, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED GRAPHIC DESIGN AND TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"37185", path:"/courses/37185", description:"This course will explore advanced commercial, public and personal forms of visual communication. Emphasis will be placed on creative problem solving with consideration for audience. Discussion of design history, current ideology and future design applications will inform individual student projects. Work generated in this studio can be used to build a portfolio.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"44190", path:"/courses/44190", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the framework and evolution of U.S. capital markets, the instruments that are traded, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, and the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will highlight the problems that capital market participants are seeking to solve, which you can use in your post-Wharton careers to evaluate future market innovations. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. We will draw from events in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis, which illustrate financing innovations and associated risks, as well as policy responses that can change the nature of these markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOURIER ANALYS & APPL", number:"null", id:"39931", path:"/courses/39931", description:"This course focuses on the mathematics behind Fourier theory and a wide variety of its applicationsin diverse problems in mathematics, engineering, and the sciences. The course is very mathematical in content and students signing up for it should have junior or senior standing. The topics covered are chosen from: functions and signals; systems of differential equations; superposition,memory, and non-linearity; resonance,eigenfunctions; the Fourier series and transform, spectra; convergence theorems; inner product spaces; mean-square approximation; interpolation and prediction, sampling; random processes, stationarity; wavelets, Brownian motion; stability and control, Laplace transforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF PATIENT SAFETY & QUALITY IMPROVEMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"44701", path:"/courses/44701", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTH & THE MODERN WORLD: AFGHANISTAN, IRAN, PAKISTAN, SYRIA, AND THE REFUGEE PROBLEM", number:"null", id:"38088", path:"/courses/38088", description:"This course relates anthropological models and methods to current problems in the Modern World. The overall objective is to show how the research findings and analytical concepts of anthropology may be used to illuminate and explain events as they have unfolded in the recent news and in the course of the semester. Each edition of the course will focus on a particular country or region that has been in the news.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZATION & THE CITY", number:"null", id:"38008", path:"/courses/38008", description:"Over the past two decades, the public imagination has been gripped by the concept of globalization. Scholars, corporations, advertisers and government officials have latched onto this idea as a defining feature of our current era. These various constituencies use globalization not only to account for epochal shifts in our economy and society, but also to justify new types of business strategy and public policy. This course will examine three interlinked dimensions of globalization: Global economic processes (e.g. the transnational operations of multinational firms that have given rise to a new international division of labor); cultural globalization (e.g. the spread of American brands like Coca Cola, Nike and Hollywood films), and political globalization (e.g. the rise of supranational organizations like the IMF, World Bank and WTO that promote the idea of free markets). 

Moreover, we will study globalization in the context of cities because, given their centrality to globalization processes, it is in cities that we can best understand how globalization takes place. In cities, we can study the global economic processes that restructure urban space, giving rise to new financial districts, international art exhibits and post-modern architecture and entrepreneurial strategies that seek to elevate cities to world city status. The course will examine these processes in a comparative light, contrasting urban globalization processes in Europe and North America with those in Latin America, Asia and Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"38294", path:"/courses/38294", description:"This course surveys the history of world film from cinema s precursors to 1945. We will develop methods for analyzing film while examining the growth of film as an art, an industry, a technology, and a political instrument. Topics include the emergence of film technology and early film audiences, the rise of narrative film and birth of Hollywood, national film industries and movements, African-American independent film, the emergence of the genre film (the western, film noir, and romantic comedies), ethnographic and documentary film, animated films, censorship, the MPPDA and Hays Code, and the introduction of sound. We will conclude with the transformation of several film industries into propaganda tools during World War II (including the Nazi, Soviet, and US film industries). In addition to contemporary theories that investigate the development of cinema and visual culture during the first half of the 20th century, we will read key texts that contributed to the emergence of film theory. There are no prerequisites. Students are required to attend screenings or watch films on their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN POLITICAL THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"36391", path:"/courses/36391", description:"This course will provide an overview of major figures and themes of modern political thought. We will focus on themes and questions pertinent to political theory in the modern era, particularly focusing on the relationship of the individual to community, society, and state. Although the emergence of the individual as a central moral, political, and conceptual category arguably began in earlier eras, it is in the seventeenth century that it takes firm hold in defining the state, political institutions, moral thinking, and social relations. The centrality of 'the individual' has created difficulties, even paradoxes, for community and social relations, and political theorists have struggled to reconicle those throughout the modern era. We will consider the political forms that emerged out of those struggles, as well as the changed and distinctly 'modern' conceptualizations of political theory such as freedom, responsibilty, justice, rights and obligations, as central categories for organizing moral and political life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUMERICAL MTHDS & MODLNG", number:"null", id:"38506", path:"/courses/38506", description:"Numerical modeling using effective algorithms with applications to problems in engineering, science, and mathematics, and is intended for graduate and advanced undergraduate students in these areas. Interpolation and curve fitting, numerical integration, solution of ordinary and partial differential equations by finite difference, and finite element methods. Includes use of representative numerical software packages such as MATLAB PDE Toolbox.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND INDUS CATALYTC PROC", number:"null", id:"35430", path:"/courses/35430", description:"A survey of heterogeneous catalysis as applied to some of the most important industrial processes. The tools used to synthesize and characterize practical catalysts will be discussed, along with the industrial processes that use them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"39064", path:"/courses/39064", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VERTEBRATE PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38218", path:"/courses/38218", description:"The course will focus on integrative aspects of physiological function of vertebrates. Comparative, environmental and quantitative approaches will be used. Major topics include muscle, the cardiovascular system, respiration, renal function and the nervous system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BENJAMIN FRANKLIN SEMINAR: OPEN BOOK", number:"null", id:"37165", path:"/courses/37165", description:"'Open Book' will focus on visual communication of information. It will address two methods of inquiry and the corresponding means of visual representation: the objective, well structured research of facts and images, and the creative process of their subjective evaluation and restatement. Students will propose a topic based on their area of interest and engage in a focused, semester-long exploration, which they will present in the form of a designed and printed book.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPETITIONS AND COMPETITIVE BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"43367", path:"/courses/43367", description:"This is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Prevention of Tobacco Addiction in Pre-Adolescent Children of Philadelphia", number:"null", id:"38514", path:"/courses/38514", description:"Cigarette smoking is a major public health problem. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Control reports that more than 80% of current adult tobacco users started smoking before age 18. The National Youth Tobacco Survey indicated that 12.8% of middle school students and 34.8% of high school students in their study used some form of tobacco products.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING IN THE COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"40432", path:"/courses/40432", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of both communities as a whole (populations) and of groups, families, and individuals living within particular communities locally and globally. It addresses the complexity of nursing practice using a public health paradigm. It requires students to draw from prior class and clinical knowledge and skills and apply this practice base to communities across care settings, ages, and cultures with different experiences of equity and access to care. It provides the tools needed to engage in collaborative community work and to give voice to the community's strengths, needs, and goals. It also moves students from an individual and family focus to a population focus for health assessment and intervention. Students consider the science, policies, and resources that support public health, and community based and community-oriented care. Clinical and simulated experiences in community settings provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration in community settings. Students will have opportunities to care for patients and populations within selected communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD MIDEAST LIT IN TRANS", number:"null", id:"36202", path:"/courses/36202", description:"The Middle East boasts a rich tapestry of cultures that have developed a vibrant body of modern literature that is often overlooked in media coverage of the region. While each of the modern literary traditions that will be surveyed in this introductory course-Arabic, Hebrew, Persian and Turkish-will be analyzed with an appreciation of the cultural context unique to each body of literature, this course will also attempt to bridge these diverse traditions by analyzing common themes-such as modernity, social values, the individual and national identity-as reflected in the genres of poetry, the novel and the short story. This course is in seminar format to encourage lively discussion and is team-taught by four professors whose expertise in modern Middle Eastern literature serves to create a deeper understanding and aesthetic appreciation of each literary tradition. In addition to honing students' literary analysis skills, the course will enable students to become more adept at discussing the social and political forces that are reflected in Middle Eastern literature, explore important themes and actively engage in reading new Middle Eastern works on their own in translation. All readings are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENSEMBLE PERFORMANCE: UNIV. WIND ENSEMBLE", number:"null", id:"38993", path:"/courses/38993", description:"Successful participation in a music department sponsored group. Ensemble groups: University Orchestra, University Wind Ensemble, Choral Society, University Choir, Ancient Voices, Baroque and Recorder Ensemble, Chamber Music Society, Arab Music Ensemble, Samba and Jazz Combo. This course must be taken for a letter grade (Pass/Fail registration option may not be utilized for this course).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE, CONSUMPTION, AND PRODUCTION IN THE GLOBAL MARKETPLACE", number:"null", id:"39529", path:"/courses/39529", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining half of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44214", path:"/courses/44214", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE AND ETHNIC POLITICS", number:"null", id:"37802", path:"/courses/37802", description:"This course examines the role of race and ethnicity in the political discourse through a comparative survey of recent literature on the historical and contemporary political experiences of the four major minority groups (Blacks or African Americans, American Indians, Latinos or Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans). A few of the key topics will include assimilation and acculturation seen in the Asian American community, understanding the political direction of Black America in a pre and post Civil Rights era, and assessing the emergence of Hispanics as the largest minority group and the political impact of this demographic change. Throughout the semester, the course will introduce students to significant minority legislation, political behavior, social movements, litigation/court rulings, media, and various forms of public opinion that have shaped the history of racial and ethnic minority relations in this country. Readings are drawn from books and articles written by contemporary political scientists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"38633", path:"/courses/38633", description:"French 110 is the first semester of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop funcional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPIRIT AND LAW", number:"null", id:"39024", path:"/courses/39024", description:"While accepting 'the yoke of the commandments', Jewish thinkers from antiquity onward have perennially sought to make the teachings of revelation more meaningful in their own lives. Additional impetus for this quest has come from overtly polemical challenges to the law, such as those leveled by Paul, medieval Aristotelians, Spinoza and Kant. This course explores both the critiques of Jewish Law, and Jewish reflections on the Law's meaning and purpose, by examining a range of primary sources within their intellectual and historical contexts. Texts (in English translation) include selections from Midrash, Talmud, medieval Jewish philosophy and biblical exegesis, kabbalah, Hasidic homilies, Jewish responses to the Enlightenment, and contemporary attempts to re-value and invent Jewish rituals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KNOWLEDGE FOR SOC IMPACT: Analyzing Current Issues and Approaches", number:"null", id:"43118", path:"/courses/43118", description:"Recent technological changes have raised awareness of the magnitude and devastating long-term effects of poverty, food insecurity, limited and unequal access to education, and other social issues. Coupled with growing awareness of these issues is the emerging sense that traditional government programs and charities may be unable to solve these problems - at least, not alone. What may be needed are new strategies - strategies borne of (a) a deep understanding of the issues; (b) interdisciplinary collaboration; and (c) access to business knowledge, frameworks, and resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FEMINISM IN THE AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"44327", path:"/courses/44327", description:"Topics Vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEUTSCHLAND SCHAFFT SICH AB...ODER ERFINDET SICH NEU?", number:"null", id:"41510", path:"/courses/41510", description:"Fall 2017 description: Deutschland steht aktuell vor einer Vielzahl von Herausforderungen, die teils wesentlich gesellschaftliche Bereiche betreffen. Man muss davon ausgehen, dass die heute getroffenen Entscheidungen die deutsche, aber auch europaeische Zukunft fuer eine nicht absehbare Zeit massgeblich beeinflussen werden. Viele der verhandelten Fragen und Probleme sind zum Teil eng miteinander verwoben und erfordern zur Bewaeltigung gesamtpolitisch uebergreifende Loesungsstrategien. Diese verlangen gegebenenfalls einen tiefgreifenden gesellschaftlichen, politischen und oekonomischen Wandel der bestehenden Verhaeltnisse, da zum Teil grundlegende Strukturen und Ueberzeugungen weiter Teile der Bevoelkerung betroffen sind. Aus diesem Grund werden Auffassungen, die lange Zeit als gesicherter Bestand des gesellschaftlichen Diskurses galten, infrage gestellt. Es ist daher nicht verwunderlich, dass die drohenden Veraenderungen reaktionaere Kraefte provozieren, die um die Erhaltung bestehender Verhaeltnisse besorgt sind. Denn es ist zu vermuten, dass der anstehende Wandel nicht alle betroffenen Gruppen besser stellen wird und vielleicht groessere Opfer erfordert, als bislang eingestanden wurde.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC LATIN", number:"null", id:"41182", path:"/courses/41182", description:"Advanced study in Latin for students enrolled in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF PALLIATIVE CARE", number:"null", id:"41864", path:"/courses/41864", description:"This course examines national and global perspectives and clinical issues in the delivery of palliative care with diverse populations in multiple health care settings. Students focus on the care of persons with life-threatening, progressive illness, emphasizing respect for patients' and families' beliefs, values, and choices. Students also explore psychosocial and spiritual dimensions of palliative care. Historical, sociocultural, economic, legal, and ethical trends in palliative care are discussed. Factors affecting health care systems and societal attitudes are considered in evaluating the delivery of care during advanced illness and at the end of life. Students engage in the critical analysis of literature, research, and observational experiences concerning biopsychosocial needs of patients and families. Students acquire competencies in patient/family assessment, communication, decision-making, and interdisciplinary collaboration in palliative care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN ISS IN HLTH CR MGMT", number:"null", id:"44284", path:"/courses/44284", description:"This course will explore the effects of the changing health care environment on the physician, patient and health care manager. It is intended for any undergraduate with an interest in how 1/6th of the American economy is organized as well as those planning careers as health care providers and managers. The course complements other health care courses (that take a societal perspective) by focusing on the individuals who participate in the health care enterprise. There are no prerequisites, as the course will stand on its own content. The course will be divided into modules that focus on the participants of the health care process and the process itself. We will analyze the patient, the doctor, and manager in light of the patient-doctor interaction, the turbulent health care marketplace, expensive new technologies,resource allocation, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: BORGES'S SHORT FICTION", number:"null", id:"38027", path:"/courses/38027", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"37928", path:"/courses/37928", description:"Spanish 140, the continuation of Spanish 130, is a fourth-semester language course that offers students the opportunity to acquire communicative skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) while developing their awareness and appreciation of the Spanish-speaking world. Topics studied may include the environment, the arts, social relations, and conflict and violence. 

This course satisfies the language requirement in Spanish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"43858", path:"/courses/43858", description:"An advanced course for students who have had very strong background in Chemistry in High School (AP, IB, or equivalent). Advanced material from the general chemistry curriculum will be covered in the context topics selected from current research areas. A continuation of CHEM 114/115, CHEM 116 will focus on topics in biochemistry and biophysical chemistry relating to thermodynamics,equilibrium, kinetics, and electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WITCHCRAFT & POSSESSION", number:"null", id:"37316", path:"/courses/37316", description:"This course explores world witchcraft and possession from the persecutions of the early seventeenth century through the rise of Wicca in the twentieth century. The mere mention of these terms, or of such close cousins as demonology, sorcery, exorcism, magic, and the witches Sabbath, raises clear ethnographic and historical challenges. How can the analysis of witchcraft-- including beliefs, patterns of accusation, the general social position of victims, the intensity and timing of witch hunts, and its relation to religious practice, law, language, gender, social marginalization, and property--lead us to a more humane understanding of belief and action? Films such as The Exorcist, The Blair Witch Project, The Crucible, and Three Sovereigns for Sarah will focus discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: LATIN LITERATURE: THE LATIN NOVEL", number:"null", id:"41637", path:"/courses/41637", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit. Assignments will include syntactic and literary analysis on a daily basis, a midterm, a paper, and a final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC", number:"null", id:"37459", path:"/courses/37459", description:"Functions of several variables, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential equations; introduction to linear algebra and matrices with applications to linear programming and Markov processes. Elements of probability and statistics. Applications to social and biological sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ZULU II", number:"null", id:"42303", path:"/courses/42303", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST '45-PRES", number:"null", id:"44047", path:"/courses/44047", description:"This course is an introduction to the analysis of film as both a textual practice and a cultural practice. We will examine a variety of films--from Fritz Lang's M (1931) to Julia Dash's DAUGHTERS OF THE DUST (1991)--in order to demonstrate the tools and skills of 'close reading.' We will concentrate on those specifically filmic features of the movies, such as mise-en-scene, cinematography, editing and sound strategies, as well as those larger organizational forms, such as narrative and non-narrative structures and movie genres. Because our responses to the movies always extend beyond the film frame, we will additionally look closely at the complex business of film distribution, promotion, and exhibition to show how the less visible machinery of the movie business also shapes our understanding and enjoyment of particular films. Along the way, we will discuss some of the most influential and productive critical schools of thought informing film analysis today, including realism, auteurism, feminism, postmodernism, and others. Screenings are mandatory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAP & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"37540", path:"/courses/37540", description:"This elective half-semester course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of the typical high-growth start-up company. The course is fundamentally pragmatic in its outlook. It will cover six principal areas relevant to the privately held high-growth start-up, these include commentary on the venture capital industry generally as well as a discussion of the typical venture fund structure and related venture capital objectives and investment strategies; common organizational issues encountered in the formation of a venture backed start-up, including issues relating to initial capitalization, intellectual property and early stage equity arrangements; valuation methodologies that form the basis of the negotiation between the the venture capitalist in anticipation of a venture investment; the challenges of fundraising, financing strategies and the importance of the business plan and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur; typical investment terms found in the term sheet and the dynamics of negotiation between the entrepreneur and the venture capitalist; corporate governance in the context of a privately-held, venture capital-backed start-up company and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur in an insider-led, 'down round' financing. 

Format: Lecture, case studeis, class participation, weekly case assignments, and final exam. 

Requirements: Classroom participation, weekly case assignments, and final exam", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY FOR TEN BILLION", number:"null", id:"38119", path:"/courses/38119", description:"This is an interdisciplinary course on the problems of food demand and consumption, production and supply in our increasingly globalized and urbanizing world. Special attention will be given to the intersections of current technologies of food production, current nutritional problems, environmental change and resource degradation, and the changing quality of human social life under globalization. Where and how will sufficient nutritious food be produced sustainably and how can the politics and economics of equitable distribution in such large urban populations be achieved?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SERVICES DEL: A Managerial Economic Approach", number:"null", id:"42910", path:"/courses/42910", description:"The purpose of this course is to apply economics to an analysis of the health care industry, with special emphasis on the unique characteristics of the US healthcare markets, from pre-hospital to post-acute care. This course focuses on salient economic features of health care delivery, including: the role of nonprofit providers, the effects of regulation and antitrust activity on hospitals, the degree of input substitutability within hospitals, the nature of competition in home health care, public versus private provision of emergency medical services, the effect of specialty hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers, defining and improving medical performance in hospitals, specialization and investment in physical and human capital, shifting of services between inpatient and outpatient settings and its effect on health care costs and quality, and innovation in primary care from retail clinics to patient-centered medical homes and retainer-based medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FACING AMERICA", number:"null", id:"36762", path:"/courses/36762", description:"This course explores the visual history of race in the United States as both self-fashioning and cultural mythology by examining the ways that conceptions of Native American, Latino, and Asian identity, alongside ideas of Blackness and Whiteness, have combined to create the various cultural ideologies of class, gender, and sexuality that remain evident in historical visual and material culture. We also investigate the ways that these creations have subsequently helped to launch new visual entertainments, including museum spectacles, blackface minstrelsy, and early film, from the colonial period through the 1940s.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METH IN MAT SCI", number:"null", id:"41783", path:"/courses/41783", description:"This laboratory course introduces students to a variety of experimental methods used in materials science and engineering. Hands-on training will be provided for atomic force microscopy, X-ray diffraction and scattering, mechanical testing with image capture, Rutherford backscattering, and dynamic light scattering. Students will use numerous software packages for data collection and analysis, as well as being introduced to LabVIEW as a method for customizing experiments. In addition, students will see demonstrations of scanning electron microscopy, transmission electron microscopy, and electron diffraction and analyze data from these methods. The format for the course will include a weekly lecture (1.5 hours), a weekly lab session (4 hours) and six assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGH RISK NEONATAL CLINICAL III", number:"null", id:"45257", path:"/courses/45257", description:"This clinical course is designed with emphasis on continued development of advanced clinical decision-making skills in the care of critically ill children. Emphasis is placed on knowledge and skills that allow the advanced practitioner to efficiently and effectively manage children who are dependent upon or assisted by technological devices to carry out life processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 18TH-CENTURY NOVEL: BRITISH EPISTOLARY FICT", number:"null", id:"37091", path:"/courses/37091", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-Century novel intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Putin's Russia: Culture, Society and History", number:"null", id:"39285", path:"/courses/39285", description:"Winston Churchill famously said that Russia 'is a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma. Strikingly, today many informed Russians would agree: no one can provide definitive answers concerning what has driven Russian public life and politics over the past three years, as it ricochetted from the mass protests of 2011 and 2012, into the Pussy Riot scandal, then the Olympics, and most recently to the intense patriotism driving the Russian annexation of Crimea and intervention in Ukraine. In this course we will examine how Russians themselves communicate about and represent Russia and what this reveals about this complex society and its development. We will consider print journalism, novels, films, televised media, and the internetpaying close attention both to particular representations and to social institutions for their production, dissemination and consumption. Topics of special concern will include: conspiracy theories, representations of Russian history, collective identity and patriotism, intellectuals and elites, gender and sexuality, consumption and wealth. Putins Russia is an introductory level course for which no prior knowledge Russian history, culture or society is required. All readings and screenings will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS LAW", number:"null", id:"40215", path:"/courses/40215", description:"This course focuses on the areas of association, contract, constitutional, labor, antitrust, and agency law as they apply to the sports industry. This course exposes the student to many of the legal issues facing stakeholders in sport organizations. Special attention is given to the regulation of professional sports leagues promoting competitive balance, as well as antitrust law and labor-management relations dealing with the organization structure of sports leagues. The course also takes an inside look at previous and newly formed collective bargaining agreements and the use of Salary Cap or lack thereof in professional sports leagues. The development of effective communication skills will be emphasized through class presentations, written assignments, and quizzes; leadership and interpersonal communications will be cultivated through small group projects and meetings, and critical thinking and problem solving skills will be fostered through the careful study of case law impacting the sports industry in a variety of facets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST TRANS EARLY INDIA: HISTORICAL TRANSITIONS IN EARLY INDIA", number:"null", id:"43476", path:"/courses/43476", description:"This course will focus on major historical transitions in the South Asian subcntinent until approximately AD 1200. It will focus on particularly on political, social and liturgical philosophical change. It will also introduce students to the major narratives and interpretations of the ancient and early medieval periods as they bear on these questions and will also familarize students with the sources upon which this history has been based. It will review debates, critical perspectives and recent trends in this historiography with a view toward developing a sensitivity to the theoretical problems that attend the study of pre-modern India. Its persistent themes will be historical continuity and disjuncture in the history of religious practices and ideas, the emergence of political forms and the nature of the 'state' in precolonial india, transformations of society and economy, and the relationship between discursive production and relations of power. It will be of interest to students of history, literature, religion and archaeology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"37425", path:"/courses/37425", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"43615", path:"/courses/43615", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT ISSUES IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"44658", path:"/courses/44658", description:"Analysis of key contemporary issues in health and social policy that will provide students with a deeper understanding of the design and structure of the U.S. health care system, the policy initiatives that have shaped it, and the roles of the government, the private sector, and consumers and advocacy groups in setting the policy agenda. Seminars will examine the origins of each issue, the policies enacted and their effects, both intended and unintended, and will propose and debate the merits of alternative policy solutions. The role of health services and policy research in informing the policy debate and directions will be highlighted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20-21ST CENTURY FRENCH NOVEL", number:"null", id:"42858", path:"/courses/42858", description:"Topics vary. Please check the department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIT PERSPECT IN JOURNAL", number:"null", id:"35551", path:"/courses/35551", description:"This course aims to provide students with a critical understanding of journalism. It combines theoretical perspectives on the making of news with primary source material produced by and about journalists. Students will analyze theoretical material on journalism -- about how news is made, shaped, and performed -- alongside articles and broadcasts appearing in the media, interviews with journalists in the trade press, and professional reviews. Topics include models of journalistic practice, journalistic values and norms, gatekeeping and sourcing practices, storytelling formats in news, and ethical problems related to misrepresentation, plagiarism, and celebrity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING HINDI-URDU II", number:"null", id:"42925", path:"/courses/42925", description:"This introductory course core proficiency in Hindi-Urdu up to the intermediate level. It is designed for students with little or no prior exposure to Hindi or Urdu. The course covers all four language skills (speaking, lsitening, reading, and writing) and all three models of communication (interpersonal, presentational, interpretive). Students will develop literacy skills in the primary script of their choice (Hindi or Urdu script). All written materials will be provided in both scripts. All meetings are interactive and students acquire the language by using it in realistic contexts. Culture is embedded in the activities and is also introduced through various authentic materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK & ROMAN MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42562", path:"/courses/42562", description:"Myths are traditional stories that have endured many years. Some of them have to do with events of great importance, such as the founding of a nation. Others tell the stories of great heroes and heroines and their exploits and courage in the face of adversity. Still others are simple tales about otherwise unremarkable people who get into trouble or do some great deed. What are we to make of all these tales, and why do people seem to like to hear them? This course will focus on the myths of ancient Greece and Rome, as well as a few contemporary American ones, as a way of exploring the nature of myth and the function it plays for individuals, societies, and nations. We will also pay some attention to the way the Greeks and Romans themselves understood their own myths. Are myths subtle codes that contain some universal truth? Are they a window on the deep recesses of a particular culture? Are they entertaining stories that people like to tell over and over? Are they a set of blinders that all of us wear, though we do not realize it? We investigate these questions through a variety of topics creation of the universe between gods and mortals, religion and family, sex, love, madness, and death.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"44889", path:"/courses/44889", description:"Continuation of RUSS001. Further work developing basic language skills using exciting authentic materials about life in present-day Russia. At the conclusion of the course, students will be prepared to negotiate most basic communication needs in Russia (getting around town, ordering a meal, buying goods and services, polite conversation about topics of interest) and to comprehend most texts and spoken material at a basic level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"45276", path:"/courses/45276", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA STRUC & SOFTW DESGN", number:"null", id:"43930", path:"/courses/43930", description:"This course will focus on data structures, software design, and advanced Java. The course starts off with an introduction to data structures and basics of the analysis of algorithms. Important data structures covered will include arrays, lists, stacks, queues, trees, hash maps, and graphs. The course will also focus on software design and advanced Java topics such as software architectures, design patterns, networking, multithreading, and graphics. We will use Java for the entire course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING SPACE AND PUBLIC ART", number:"null", id:"37182", path:"/courses/37182", description:"The French social philosopher Michel de Certeau upset the common understanding of the relationship between space and place by elevating space as practice place. By this, he meant that place is but a set of geo-physical particularities that has no dynamic meaning unless activated through social engagement so that space is produced. Spatial practice is a key concept in the modern understanding of the city as a society of abstract space, one in which the problem of human alienation is riven with the logic of spatial spectacularization. Public Art is often employed to address or mollify such urban problems through concepts of historical reconstruction or institutional critique, including possibly testing the limits of public expression. Historical markers play a somewhat different role by calling attention to lost or negative histories, albeit most often vetted through the language of tourism factoids. This course will examine the discursive issues at play in respect to art and markers, particularly for Philadelphia. Additionally, important public art works from around the world will be examined. The course will also include the occasional visit of several key works downtown in which the question of what can and cannot said will be pondered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOPSYCHOSOCIAL CRIM", number:"null", id:"43972", path:"/courses/43972", description:"Is there a 'natural-born killer'? Why don't psychopaths have a conscience? And is it morally wrong for us to punish those who are biologically-wired for a life of crime? This interdisciplinary biosocial course argues that answers to these inscrutable questions can be found in the fledging field of 'neurocriminology'. This new sub-discipline brings together the social, clinical, and neurosciences to help us better understand, predict, and prevent future crime. We will explore the biosocial bases to crime and violence, analyze controversial neuroethical, legal and philosophical issues surrounding neurocriminology, and take a field trip to prison. This interdisciplinary course presents perspectives from the fields of psychology, neuroscience, criminology, sociology, law, business, public health, psychiatry, anthropology, neuroimaging, neuroendocrinology, forensics, nutrition, and pediatrics. It is suitable for those without a background in biology or criminology. It is particularly relevant for majors in Criminology, Psychology, Nursing, and Biological Basis of Behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"42651", path:"/courses/42651", description:"Continuation of EEUR121. The second semester of elementary Hungarian course continues on providing functional language competency in basic grammar, vocabulary, comprehension, reading, writing and speaking in Hungarian. Students will continue to learn communicating in everyday life situations as well as in organizing a trip to Hungary, staying in a hotel, ordering meals, buying goods, and participating in cultural activities by using authentic Hungarian online resources and interactive class activities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTRONIC MUSIC", number:"null", id:"44593", path:"/courses/44593", description:"MUSC275 offers an introduction to electronic music/sound production with a focus on analogue systems and performance. Guest artists will join us for in-class visits and performances during the semester. Meetings will take place in the classroom, in concert spaces and in the studio. Preference given to Music majors and minors for registration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN ENVIRONMENTS:SPEAKING ABOUT LEAD IN WEST PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"37118", path:"/courses/37118", description:"Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities, impaired hearing, behavioral problems, and at very high levels, seizures, coma and even death. Children up to the age of six are especially at risk because of their developing systems; they often ingest lead chips and dust while playing in their home and yards. 

In ENVS 404, Penn undergraduates learn about the epidemiology of lead poisoning, the pathways of exposure, and methods for community outreach and education. Penn students collaborate with middle school and high school teachers in West Philadelphia to engage middle school children in exercises that apply environmental research relating to lead poisoning to their homes and neighborhoods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YORUBA II", number:"null", id:"38067", path:"/courses/38067", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARING HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS IN AN INTERCULTURAL CONTEXT: THAILAND", number:"null", id:"43243", path:"/courses/43243", description:"This course offers students an opportunity to: 1) expand their knowledge base in health care systems; 2) develop intercultural competency skills and 3) shape a conceptual framework for improving the quality of health care for the individual, the family, the community and society at large. Emphasizes the relational, contextual nature of health care and the inseparability of the notions of the health of individuals and the health of family, society, and culture. Includes field experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CU IN INDIA: CU IN INDIA: LIVING TRADITIONS OF INDIAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"43473", path:"/courses/43473", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India or South East Asia where students participate in 1) 28 classrom hours in the Fall term 2) a 12-day trip to India or South East Asia with the instructor during the winter break visiting key sites and conducting original research (sites vary) 3) 28 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) a research paper, due at the end of the Spring term. Course enrollment is limited to students admitted to the program. For more information and the program application go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN WORLD HISTORY: HISTORY OF HONG KONG", number:"null", id:"42961", path:"/courses/42961", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SMELL AND TASTE", number:"null", id:"42420", path:"/courses/42420", description:"All organisms respond to chemicals in their environment. This chemosensation guides diverse behaviors such as a feeding, avoiding predators, sex, and social interactions. This course will provide a broad survey of our current understanding of taste and smell, focusing on insect and rodent model systems as well as studies in humans. The course will begin with a review of chemical signal transduction mechanisms, and build to an exploration of the cortical integration of chemical signals and chemical guided behaviors. Class time will emphasize primary literature, discussion, and student presentations. The goal is to reach an integrated understanding of the physiology and psychology of chemical sensory systems. In the process, students will learn to read and critically evaluate data from primary research articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECOLOGY: INDIV TO ECOSYS", number:"null", id:"36828", path:"/courses/36828", description:"The study of living organisms in their natural environment, spanning the ecological physiology of individuals, the structure of populations, and interactions among species, including the organization of communities and ecosystem function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"37936", path:"/courses/37936", description:"Literature from Spain and Latin America contains a wealth of information about language, history, and culture. The goal of this course is to help students develop skills to carefully read Spanish literary works while preparing them for upper-level courses and study abroad. We begin reviewing the main characteristics of various literary movements and of the four genres (narrative, poetry, theater and essay). During the second part of the semester, students become familiarized with a wide variety of theoretical approaches to the study of literature with the purpose of applying them to their own analytical writing. In the last part of the course students produce their own essays on a text chosen by them and based on research. Sample essays written by other students and included in the textbook will serve as models. Throughout the course students will have ample opportunities to hone their skills through the close reading and class discussion of varied and stimulating works by Miguel de Cervantes, Jorge Luis Borges, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Roberto Bolano, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER,SEXUALITY & LIT: WRITING WOMEN:1680-1800", number:"null", id:"41278", path:"/courses/41278", description:"This course will focus on questions of gender difference and of sexual desire in a range of literary works, paying special attention to works by women and treatments of same-sex desire. More fundamentally, the course will introduce students to questions about the relation between identity and representation. We will attend in particular to intersections between gender, sexuality, race, class, and nation, and will choose from a rich vein of authors: Mary Wollstonecraft, Jane Austen, Mary Shelley, Lord Byron, the Brontes, Christina Rossetti, George Eliot, Oscar Wilde, Henry James, Gertrude Stein, Zora Neale Hurston, E. M. Forster, Virginia Woolf, Nella Larsen, Radclyffe Hall, Willa Cather, Elizabeth Bishop, Jean Rhys, James Baldwin, Sylvia Plath, Bessie Head, Audre Lorde, Adrienne Rich, Cherrie Moraga, Toni Morrison, Michael Cunningham, Dorothy Allison, Jeanette Winterson, and Leslie Feinberg.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURE OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"38987", path:"/courses/38987", description:"Description of crystal structure and bonding. Symmetry: line, plane, point, and space groups. Symmetry considerations in structure-property relations. Physical optics, diffraction as Fourier transforms. Effects of size, shape, temperature and distortion on diffraction intensity. Gas, liquid, fibers, DNA. Diffuse scattering, order/disorder. Pair distribution function, inverse problem, small angle scattering. Radiation-matter interaction, scattering physics, atomic and electronic spectroscopy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"36300", path:"/courses/36300", description:"This course is designed to teach negotiation principles and to enable students to develop their negotiation skills. This course builds upon and assumes familiarity with the negotiation concepts covered in the prerequisite for this course: 'Negotiations.' In this course, we extend the study and practice of negotiations, and we develop a deeper understanding of how specific aspects of the negotiation process impact outcomes. Through course lectures, readings, and exercises, students will develop a rich framework for thinking about the negotiation process and acquire tools for guiding the negotiation process.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EUROPE& WORLD SINCE 1914", number:"null", id:"35945", path:"/courses/35945", description:"This course looks at Europe's interactions with other world regions throughout the twentieth century. Over the course of roughly a hundred years, Europeans have shaped the fates of peoples living beyond the western world, for instance through the impact of two world wars, European colonialism, and the global Cold War. At the same time, European societies 'at home' were not left unaffected by these interactions. Even today, Europeans are facing the legacies of some of these histories in immigration and the politics of religion and secularism for example. The past century also saw a dramatic shift in Europe's position in the world - from dominance to a loss of influence in the shadow of the United States and more recently, China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGNNING JAPANESE IV", number:"null", id:"38805", path:"/courses/38805", description:"This course completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II (Chapt. 4 - Chapt. 7) & Basic Kanji Book I (L.17-L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx250/recognitio-approx.350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"38194", path:"/courses/38194", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT PROP&BUS LAW FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"44001", path:"/courses/44001", description:"Engineers are often on the front line of innovation. The goal of this course is to introduce engineering students to the basics of Intellectual property (IP) and business laws that they will encounter throughout their careers. Understanding these laws is critical for the protection of IP and for the creation and success of high-tech start-up ventures. Market advantage in large part springs from a company's IP. Without legal protection and correct business formation, proprietary designs, processes, and inventions could be freely used by competitors, ruining market advantage. A basic understanding of IP laws, contractual transactions, employment agreements, business structures, and debt-equity financing will help engineering students to become effective employees or entrepreneurs, to acquire investors, and to achieve success. Though open to students of all disciplines, the course will use case studies particular relevance to students of engineering and applied science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH OF SOC RES", number:"null", id:"43501", path:"/courses/43501", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to field methods in sociological research, with a focus on participant-observation and interviewing. During this course, students will read original research based on field methods and discuss their strengths, limitations, and ethical dilemmas. Most importantly, students will design their own research projects and become ethnographers and interviewers. Students will be guided through the fieldwork process from data collection to analysis, and will turn in multiple assignments and original research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK: CUBA BEFORE AND AFTER NORMALIZATION OF U.S. RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"37293", path:"/courses/37293", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEAF CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38852", path:"/courses/38852", description:"This course is an advanced/conversational ASL course that explores several key topics related to Deaf Culture. Using only ASL in class, students will read and discuss books, articles, and films related to the following topics: What is Deaf Culture?, The History of the Deaf American, Communication Issues and Pathological Perspectives on Deafness, Deafness and Education, Deaf/Hearing Family Dynamics, and Deaf Theatre, Arts, and Poetry. Vocabulary, grammar, and idioms related to the topics will be presented through direct instruction as well as through the course of class conversation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROSEMINAR IN NURSING INNOVATION", number:"null", id:"37707", path:"/courses/37707", description:"This course is designed to provide an exploration of innovation in society, health care, and nursing. It will provide a broad overview of innovation from historical to current times and from a variety of disciplines. It will focus on promoting innovation and discovery and its translation to policy, the health care system and nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on having scholars develop their individual approach to innovation and strategize implementation and evaluation strategies for innovation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN.STM:ANAL&REP.INCENT", number:"null", id:"38045", path:"/courses/38045", description:"In the course, students learn how to analyze firms' financial statements and disclosures to determine how a firm's particular accounting choices reflect the underlying economics of the firm. As a result, the course strengthens students' ability to use financial statements as part of an overall assessment of the firm's strategy and valuation. The course is especially useful for anyone interested in working on the buy or sell side.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH I", number:"null", id:"35484", path:"/courses/35484", description:"A fast-paced introduction to the fundamental concepts of programming and software design. This course assumes some previous programming experience, at the level of a high school computer science class or CIS110. (If you got at least 4 in the AP Computer Science A or AB exam, you will do great.) No specific programming language background is assumed: basic experience with any language (for instance Java, C, C++, VB, Python, Perl, or Scheme) is fine. If you have never programmed before, you should take CIS 110 first.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"44888", path:"/courses/44888", description:"Quechua, the language of the Inca Empire and still spoken by approximately 6 million people throughout the Andes, is the most popular indigenous language of South America. The program focuses on the development of written and oral communicative abilities in Quechua through an interactive activity-based approach. Course includes an introduction to Quechua and Andean culture. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities. Assessment is based on both students ability to use the language in written and oral tasks and understanding the language and culture. This beginning level Quechua course is designed for students who have little or no previous knowledge of the language. Lectures will be delivered in English and Quechua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY ABROAD: OAXACA", number:"null", id:"43218", path:"/courses/43218", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"38804", path:"/courses/38804", description:"This course is the equivalent to JPAN 111 + JPAN 112, and completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II and Basic kanji book I (L.11 - L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx.250/recognitio-approx 350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNISM", number:"null", id:"39282", path:"/courses/39282", description:"The rise and fall of Communism dominated the history of the short twentieth century from the Russian revolution of 1917 to the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. As a system of government, Communism is more or less dead, but its utopian ideals of liberation from exploitation and want live on. Communism remains the one political-economic system that presented, for a time, an alternative to global capitalism. In this course, students will gain an introduction to socialist and Communist political thought and explore Communist political and economic regimes their successes and failures, critics and dissidents, efforts at reform, and causes of collapse. We will learn about the remnants of Communism in China, North Korea, and Cuba and efforts of contemporary theorists to imagine a future for Communism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILADELPHIA 1700-2000", number:"null", id:"44333", path:"/courses/44333", description:"Using Philadelphia as a lens, this course will examine the transformation of American cities from the colonial period to the present. Through readings, lectures, and tours, we will consider urbanization and suburbanization, race, class, and ethnicity, economic development, poverty and inequality, housing and neighborhood change, urban institutions, and politics and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Snip and Tuck: A History of Surgery", number:"null", id:"41580", path:"/courses/41580", description:"Before the discovery of anesthesia in the nineteenth century, surgery was often a grizzly and horrific affair, inevitably involving extreme pain. Surgeons had a reputation as dirty, blood-thirsty 'barbarians,' and patients rarely sought out their services. But all of this changed during the twentieth century. Today surgery is one of the most prestigious medical specialties, and patients-especially those who long to look younger, thinner, and trimmer-voluntarily submit to multiple procedures. This course will investigate the cultural and scientific sources of these dramatic changes, with readings ranging from graphic descriptions of 'bonesetting' and suturing during the Middle Ages to contemporary accounts of childbirth and plastic surgery in antisepctic hospitals and clinics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"43866", path:"/courses/43866", description:"Physical and chemical description of macromolecular information transfer. Gene organization, replication, recombination, regulation and expression. (Formerly, CHEM 450-II).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIC SCHOLARS PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"42212", path:"/courses/42212", description:"The Civic Scholars Proseminar is the gateway, interdisciplinary course for first-year students in the Penn Civic Scholars Program, a four-year certificate program integrating scholarship and civic engagement. The course, open only to first-year Civic Scholars, provides context for students' future engagement, academic work, and program participation throughout their undergraduate experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Mediterranean Archaeology", number:"null", id:"36956", path:"/courses/36956", description:"Many of the world's great ancient civilizations flourished on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea: the Egyptians, the Minoans and Mycenaeans, the Greeks and Romans, just to name a few. In this course, we will focus on the ways that archaeologists recover and interpret the material traces of the past, working alongside natural scientists, historians and art historians, epigraphers and philologists, and many others. 

Archaeological sites and themes from over 2000 years of Mediterranean history will be presented. This course is a non-technical introduction that assumes no prior knowledge of archaeology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Oil, Politics, Economy, Society", number:"null", id:"40590", path:"/courses/40590", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Leadership & Democracy; Conservative Regimes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING PUBLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"42780", path:"/courses/42780", description:"This course introduces students to independent publishing and artists' publications through print methods in letterpress, Risograph, and Xerox. The class will focus on the self-published artists' zine/book as an affordable, accessible, and easily reproducible format for exploring ideas, disseminating artists' work, and collaborating across disciplines. Students will learn a range of skills, including techniques in both mechanized and hand-pulled forms of printed media (Risograph, copy machine, Vandercook letterpress); short- run editions and binding; design and layout; pre-press and print production; and the web as it relates to and supports independent and democratic modes of distribution. Students will learn about and become acquainted with some of the most significant independent publishers working today and throughout history. Students will leave class having completed three individual projects: a 16-page booklet/zine; a carefully considered online publication, and a final collaborative book designed, developed and published as a class. The course commences with a field trip to New York City's Printed Matter, one of the oldest and most important nonprofit facilities dedicated to the promotion of artists' books, where students will be encouraged to submit a publication by semester's end.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POETRY", number:"null", id:"38449", path:"/courses/38449", description:"Some versions of this course survey American poetry from the colonial period to the present, while others begin with Whitman and Dickinson and move directly into the 20th century and beyond. Typically students read and discuss the poetry of Williams, Stein, Niedecker, H.D., Pound, Stevens, Fearing, Rakoksi, McKay, Cullen, Wilbur, Plath, Rich, Ginsberg, Kerouac, Waldman, Creeley, Ashberry, O'Hara, Corman, Bernstein, Howe, Perelman, Silliman, and Retallack.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN MUSIC HISTORY", number:"null", id:"37602", path:"/courses/37602", description:"Advanced seminar in topics in musicology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECON & GAME", number:"null", id:"38936", path:"/courses/38936", description:"The purpose of this course is to develop students' abilities to apply game theory to decision making. Development of the tools of game theory and the application of those tools is emphasized. Game theory has become an important tool for managers and consultants in analyzing and implementing tactical as well as strategic actions. This course will primarily focus on examples useful for developing competitive strategy in the private sector (pricing and product strategy, capacity choices, contracting and negotiating, signaling and bluffing, takeover strategy, etc.). Game theory can also be used to address problems relevant to a firm's organizational strategy (e.g., internal incentives and information flow within a firm) and to a firm's non-market environment (e.g., strategic trade policies, litigation and regulation strategy).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM PERSIAN I", number:"null", id:"41944", path:"/courses/41944", description:"This course is designed to help you start learning Persian and to give you the necessary tools to continue your study of Persian. This course introduces the Persian alphabet alongside grammar and vocabulary. Emphasis is placed on actively using the language for interpersonal, interpretive, and presentational modes of communication. The four language skills (i.e., listening, speaking, reading and writing) as well as pronunciation and culture are integrated into the curriculum. There is no prerequisite.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Arabic in Residence II", number:"null", id:"42347", path:"/courses/42347", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"36220", path:"/courses/36220", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY ABROAD: OAXACA", number:"null", id:"44631", path:"/courses/44631", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RE-READING THE HOLOCAUST", number:"null", id:"37333", path:"/courses/37333", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VILLA GARDEN AND VILLA LIFE", number:"null", id:"40951", path:"/courses/40951", description:"This seminar will study the idea of villeggiature (villa life) and the ideology associated with countryside gardens and plantations. In an examination of the circularity of villa ideology across the centuries, other themes will emerge that address the relationship between urban and rural life, between architecture and natural environment and between social, cultural, economic, and political forces and landscape design. These themes will be explored through the study of selected villas and through the reading of sources drawn from villa literature, including architectural and agricultural treatises, epistolary exchanges, and drawings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYNTAX I", number:"null", id:"37452", path:"/courses/37452", description:"A general introduction at the graduate level to the analysis of sentence structure. The approach taken is that of contemporary generative-transformational grammar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP", number:"null", id:"38930", path:"/courses/38930", description:"Leaders mobilize resources toward valued goals. In this course, the focus is on growing the student's capacity as a leader in all parts of life. The purpose is to learn practical and customized lessons about how to improve performance and results at work, at home, in the community, and in the private self (mind, body, spirit) by finding mutual value among these four domains. The core idea is that leadership is about making a difference in all aspects of one's life. This course offers students the opportunity to practice the skills needed to do so, now and in the future. Students learn and apply key leadership principles and actively explore what it means for them to be real (to act with authenticity by clarifying what's important), to be whole (to act with integrity by respecting the whole person), and to be innovative (to act with creativity by experimenting with how things get done). Please visit www.totalleadership.org to learn more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: HOLLYWOOD 1939", number:"null", id:"39702", path:"/courses/39702", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Cinema Studies intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL SUPP CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"39123", path:"/courses/39123", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILADELPHIA 1700-2000", number:"null", id:"37342", path:"/courses/37342", description:"Using Philadelphia as a lens, this course will examine the transformation of American cities from the colonial period to the present. Through readings, lectures, and tours, we will consider urbanization and suburbanization, race, class, and ethnicity, economic development, poverty and inequality, housing and neighborhood change, urban institutions, and politics and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN NELC: MUMMIES PYRAMIDS PHARAOH", number:"null", id:"45071", path:"/courses/45071", description:"Hieroglyphs, magic, and buried treasure! Fascination with ancient Egypt has existed for millennia, with ancient Greeks and Romans even creating 'Egyptianized' art and adopting Egyptian deities to their pantheon. Napoleon's invasion of Egypt led to new archaeological discoveries like the Rosetta Stone and a revival of Egyptian architecture. The Victorian era was filled with mummy unwrapping parties and black market trade of artifacts robbed from tombs. The 1922 archaeological discovery of the undisturbed tomb of King Tutankhamun unleashed a frenzied wave of modern Egyptomania. Golden treasures, ancient curses, and the mysterious deaths of the tombs' archaeologists proved irresistible. These discoveries inspired Egyptian motifs in New York's Chrysler Building, authors like Agatha Christie, and movies like Cleopatra and The Mummy. And colossal Egyptian obelisks and sphinxes were even shipped across the Atlantic to display to the eager public of London and Philadelphia. This course links the study of ancient societies and modern experiencers in a way that invites critical thought. Students will examine how archaeology and the ancient world inspire today's media, art, architecture, and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN HEALTH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43583", path:"/courses/43583", description:"This course views health care from the perspective of social justice by exploring political, social, racial/ethnic, and economic factors that impact access to care. It incorporates a broad, ecological definition of health (beyond the medical model) and focuses on urban populations disproportionately affected by health care disparities. A broad range of issues, interventions, and interrelationships are discussed; these include infant mortality, childhood asthma, violence, substance abuse, diet-related disease, and mental illness. Guest speakers who are key figures in the Philadelphia area are invited for class presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDA OF PUBLIC HEALTH: Foundations of Public Health", number:"null", id:"42971", path:"/courses/42971", description:"Many factors have shaped, and continue to shape, population health and public health policy. This course will explore the concept, mission, and core functions of public health. Students will have a chance to learn about its key methodological (epidemiology, biostatistics) and content (environmental health, social and behavioral sciences, health policy) areas. In addition, we will focus on topics of particular relevance to the current health of the public; topics likely will include the basics of life (food, water, and shelter) and topics of current interest (e.g., motor vehicle crashes, mental health, violence).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE DIARY", number:"null", id:"35541", path:"/courses/35541", description:"Diary writing is an intimate mode of expression in which individuals seek to find meaning in their personal lives and relations, responding to the external realities in which they live. Their coping is subjected to their historical,educational and social contexts, and to the generic conventions of diary writing. This course examines the diary as a genre, exploring its functions, meanings, forms and conventions, comparing it with fictive and non-fictive autobiographical writings such as the diary novel, autobiography and the memoir, as well as comparative gender diary-writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40744", path:"/courses/40744", description:"This course examines contemporary environmental issues such as energy, waste, pollution, health, population, biodiversity and climate through a historical and critical lens. All of these issues have important material, natural and technical aspects; they are also inextricably entangled with human history and culture. To understand the nature of this entanglement, the course will introduce key concepts and theoretical frameworks from science and technology studies and the environmental humanities and social sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR WOMEN LIVES PAST/PRE", number:"null", id:"38062", path:"/courses/38062", description:"Restoring women to African history is a worthy goal, but easier said than done.The course examines scholarship over the past forty years that brings to light previously overlooked contributions African women have made to political struggle, religious change, culture preservation, and economic development from pre-colonial times to present. The course addresses basic questions about changing women's roles and human rights controversies associated with African women within the wider cultural and historical contexts in which their lives are lived. It also raises fundamental questions about sources, methodology, and representation, including the value of African women's oral and written narrative and cinema production as avenues to insider perspectives on African women's lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"37822", path:"/courses/37822", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUGS, BRAIN, AND MIND", number:"null", id:"36808", path:"/courses/36808", description:"The course will begin with a review of basic concepts in pharmacology including: routes of drug administration, drug metabolism, the dose response curve, tolerance and sensitization. Following a brief overview of cellular foundations of neuropharmacology (neuronal biology, synaptic and receptor function), the course will focus on several neurotransmitter systems and the molecular and behavioral mechanisms mediating the mind-altering, additive and neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression, schizophrenia an anxiety, with an emphasis on their underlying neurobiological causes, as well as the pharmacological appraches for treatment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"43297", path:"/courses/43297", description:"Negotiation is the art and the science of creating good agreements between two or more parties. This course develops managerial negotiation skills by mixing lectures and practice, using cases and exercises in which students negotiate with each other. The cases cover a wide range of problems and settings: one-shot deals between individuals, repeated negotiations, negotiations over several issues, and negotiations among several parties (both within and between organizations). Class participation and case studies account for half the course grade. Students will also write about a negotiation experience outside of class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY TWI I", number:"null", id:"39483", path:"/courses/39483", description:"The Elementary Twi I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on Ghana/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Twi. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also a part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEER TUTOR TRAINING: WRITING CENTER THEORY &P", number:"null", id:"45080", path:"/courses/45080", description:"This course is by nomination and invitation only. It is intended for capable writers who possess the maturity, temperament, and skills to work successfully as peer tutors at Penn. The course emphasizes the development of tutors' own writing through the process of collaborative peer-criticism, individual conferences, and intensive sessions on writing, from mechanics to style; it also focuses on writing pedagogy, research, and tutoring strategies. The class meets twice weekly; tutors also work two hours weekly in the Writing Center or elsewhere, and confer regularly in small groups or one-on-one meetings with the instructor. Tutors are required to write five short papers, eight one-page peer reviews, and two responses to readings. Additionally, students keep a journal and give two class presentations. CWIC-affiliated course. www.fission.sas.upenn.edu/writing/ccs/catalog.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE AND THE MEDIA", number:"null", id:"42132", path:"/courses/42132", description:"This course considers the theory and practice of minority representation in the public domain: film, theater, television, music, advertising and museums. How has 'minority' been defined - who is included and why? How have notions of 'minority' status been constructed in our public languages and what may be the impact of those images on both minority and non-minority populations? Our focus will be on representation and how it may work to marginalize or empower members of minority populations. While we will concentrate primarily on ethnic minorities, we will also consider how these same issues might affect sexual minorities. Our discussions will be supplemented by film and video examples. While the course will be theoretically situated in communication, it will consider how the perspectives of anthropology, feminism, and literary and ethnic studies have affected our understanding of public representations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MNG STRAT PARTNERSHIPS: Managing Strategic Partnerships", number:"null", id:"44517", path:"/courses/44517", description:"This course explores the management of strategic partnerships between firms, which have surged in recent years in response to globalization, technological evolution, deregulation, shortened product life cycles, and intensified competition. Today's alliances drive corporate growth and change, and vary greatly in terms of partner type, commitment, equity investment, degree of control, between scale, and scope. They range from bilateral arrangements to ecosystems to outsourcing, often blurring traditional organizational boundaries and leading to the creation of globally distributed enterprises. In view of these contemporary developments, the objectives of the course are two-fold: (1) to arm you with a set of tools to facilitate the selection of an appropriate alliance strategy in a given situation; and, (2) to provide you with frameworks to help the initiate and implement different kinds of partnerships. The emphasis lies on strategic and organizational aspects in the formation and management of these transactions, rather than financial considerations. Alternative growth strategies to strategic alliances (e.g., acquisitions), the impact of these partnerships on competition within an industry, and regulatory constraints will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41287", path:"/courses/41287", description:"Literature and science have long had an intense and varied relationship, both worlds shaping one another even as their claims to truth have converged and diverged. Both are forms of inquiry; both have richly interdisciplinary histories; both rely on finding and explaining patterns to reveal some inner truth about the world. The primary material for this course will be representations of science in literature, film, comics, and digital media: imagining possible futures and alternate worlds; considering science's political dimensions; and interogating its habit of seeing identity differently and even destructively. On the way we'll also think about issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality. Assignments will include close-reading exercises, group presentations, and formal papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF ANATOLIA", number:"null", id:"38346", path:"/courses/38346", description:"This class is devoted to the archaeology and history of Anatolia (ancient Turkey) from the beginning of the Bronze Age (3000 BC) to the end of the Byzantine period (1453 AD). Emphasis will be placed on the great empires in Anatolia (Hittite, Phrygian, Lydian, Urartian, Persian, Roman, and Byzantine), and on the great cities (Troy, Sardis, Ephesus, Constantinople). The course is intended to complement the major exhibit on Gordion, the Phrygians, and Anatolian archaeology that will open at the Penn Museum in February of 2016 and run for 10 months.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHRO & PRAXIS", number:"null", id:"38111", path:"/courses/38111", description:"This course focuses on real world community problems, engaged scholarship, and the evaluation of actively-running Penn programs intended to improve social conditions in West Philadelphia. Two trends emerge in public interest social science that students will explore through research and evaluation: 1.) mergingproblem solving with theory and analysis in the interest of change motivated bya commitment to social justice, racial harmony, equality, and human rights; and 2.) engaging in public debate on human issues to make the research results accessible to a broad audience. As part of the course, students will learn the foundations of anthropology, social theory, and evaluation as they work with qualitative and quantitative data while conducting an evaluation based on community and partner need. Students will gain direct experience conducting evaluation research as a collaborative process and have an opportunity to engage in academically-based community service with a focus on social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HELL & ROM ART/ARTIFACT", number:"null", id:"40961", path:"/courses/40961", description:"This course surveys the political, religious and domestic arts, patronage and display in Rome's Mediterranean, from the 2nd c. BCE to Constantine's 4th-c. Christianized empire. Our subjects are images and decorated objects in their cultural, political and socio-economic contexts (painting, mosaic, sculpture, luxury and mass-produced arts in many media). We start with the Hellenistic cosmopolitan culture of the Greek kingdoms and their neighbors, and late Etruscan and Republican Italy; next we map Imperial Roman art as developed around the capital city Rome, as well as in the provinces of the vast empire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECIPHERING AMERICA", number:"null", id:"42929", path:"/courses/42929", description:"This course examines American history from the first contacts of the indigenous peoples of North America with European settlers to our own times by focusing on a few telling moments in this history. The course treats twelve of these moments. Each unit begins with a specific primary document, historical figure, image, location, year, or cultural artifact to commence the delving into the American past. Some of these icons are familiar, but the ensuing deciphering will render them as more complicated; some are unfamiliar, but they will emerge as absolutely telling. The course meets each week for two 50-minute team-taught lectures and once recitation session. Course requirements include: in-class midterm and final exams; three short paper assignments; and punctual attendance and participation in recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING THE 20TH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"44275", path:"/courses/44275", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR APPLIC OF STATISTIC", number:"null", id:"42742", path:"/courses/42742", description:"Principles and engineering applications of statistical inference. The basic topics covered are parameter estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing. Additional topics may include analysis of variance (ANOVA) and/or linear regression. Each method is treated both from theoretical and applied viewpoints, including software analysis of selected data sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIGRATION AND REFUGEES IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"38749", path:"/courses/38749", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOMERIC HYMNS", number:"null", id:"35861", path:"/courses/35861", description:"In this course we will read a selection of the corpus of hexameter poems known as the Homeric Hymns, familiarizing ourselves with the style and form of these poems and with their narratives about specific Olympian gods , sometimes canonical and sometimes unorthodox. We will also compare the hymns with Homer and Hesiod and with Greek lyric and tragic poetry in order to get a better sense of the overall range of Greek mythic poetry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF EDUCATION: Democracy and Education in Philadelphia", number:"null", id:"39158", path:"/courses/39158", description:"The philosophy of education asks questions about the foundational assumptions of our formal institutions for the reproduction of culture. It ranges therefore, from epistemology and philosophy of mind to ethics and political philosophy. For instance: What is the nature of learning and teaching? How is it possible to come to know something we did not know already--and how can we aid others in doing that? How, if at all, should formal institutions of education be concerned with shaping students' moral and civic character? What is the proper relation between educational institutions and the state? We also ask questions more specific to our own time and context. For example: how, in a multicultural state, should we educate students of varied social identities, like race, gender, and religion? What is the relationship between education and justice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSIOLOGY MOTIVATED BEH", number:"null", id:"37821", path:"/courses/37821", description:"This course focuses on evaluating the experiments that have sought to establish links between brain structure (the activity of specific brain circuits) and behavioral function (the control of particular motivated and emotional behaviors). Students are exposed to concepts from regulatory physiology, systems neuroscience, pharmacology, and endocrinology and read textbook as well as original source materials. The course focuses on the following behaviors: feeding, sex, fear, anxiety, the appetite for salt, and food aversion. The course also considers the neurochemical control of responses with an eye towards evaluating the development of drug treatments for: obesity, anorexia/cachexia, vomiting, sexual dysfunction, anxiety disorders, and depression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"36949", path:"/courses/36949", description:"The objective of the game design practicum is to provide students with hands on experience designing and developing 3D computer games. Working in teams of three or four, students will brainstorm an original game concept, write a formal game design document then develop a fully functional prototype consisting of a playable level of the game. In addition to creation of original art and animation assets for the game, technical features to be designed and implemented include a nove l game mechanic and/or user interaction model, game physics (i.e. particle systems and rigid body dynamics), character animation, game AI (i.e. movement control, path planning, decision making, etc.), sound effects and effects and background music, 2D graphical user interface (GUI) design and optional multiplayer networking capabilities. Consistent with standard industry practices, game code and logic will be written using C++ and popular scripting languages such as Python and Lua. 

State-of-the-art game and physics engine middleware also will be used to expose students to commercial-grade software, production methodologies and art asset pipelines. As a result of their game development efforts, students will learn first hand about the creative process, design documentation, object-oriented software design and engineering, project management (including effective team collaboration and communication techniques), design iteration through user feedback and play-testing, and most importantly, what makes a game fun to play.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"44155", path:"/courses/44155", description:"Painting practices is an introduction to the methods and materials of oil painting. This course begins with an investigation of color and color relationships. The beginning of the semester will cover technical issues and develop the student's ability to create a convincing sense of form in space using mass, color, light and composition. The majority of work is from direct observation including object study, still life, landscape, interior and exterior space and the self portrait. Class problems advance sequentially with attention paid to perceptual clarity, the selection and development of imagery, the process of synthesis and translation, color, structure and composition, content and personal expression. Students will become familiar with contemporary and art historical precedent in order to familiarize them with the history of visual ideas and find appropriate solutions to their painting problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"41258", path:"/courses/41258", description:"The purpose of this course is to examine the financing of governments in the urban economy. Topics to be covered include the causes and consequences of the urban fiscal crisis, the design of optimal tax and spending policies for local governments, funding of public infrastructures and the workings of the municipal bond market, privatization of government services, and public financial systems for emerging economies. Applications include analyses of recent fiscal crises, local services and taxes as important determinants of real estate prices, the infrastructure crisis, financing and the provision of public education, and fiscal constitutions for new democracies using South Africa as an example.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"41756", path:"/courses/41756", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO PARTICLE PHYSICS", number:"null", id:"43362", path:"/courses/43362", description:"An introduction to elementary particles (photons, leptons, hadrons, quarks), their interactions, and the unification of the fundamental forces.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV RDGS MOD KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"44395", path:"/courses/44395", description:"This course is designed for advanced level students. Based on literary pieces in the form of short stories, essays, and novels, students are to gain an in-depth, multi-faceted and critical understanding of Korean people, society, and culture. These objectives are achieved primarily through 1) close reading and discussion of original literary texts by 20th -century Korean writers; and 2) regular writing exercises. Some Korean films that are related to the topics of the reading text will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESPONSE TO CHRONIC ILLNESS: THEORY AND RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"40488", path:"/courses/40488", description:"Millions of people of all ages live with chronic illness(es). A diagnosis of a chronic illness is a life-changing event, causing disruption and a sense of loss for many. Common early responses are stress, anxiety, depression, fear, and anger. Over time, with support and experience with the illness, many adjust. But, others report persistent feelings of loss due to physical, emotional, spiritual/existential, social, occupational, and/or financial influences of chronic illness. Those who adjust the best typically find a way to return a sense of normalcy to their lives. Loved ones and caregivers are equally affected by chronic illness and much has been written in recent years about caregiver burden. However, some individuals (caregivers and patients) report positive responses to illness, including a deepened purpose for living and a reordering of life priorities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARTIAL DIFFER EQUATIONS", number:"null", id:"36070", path:"/courses/36070", description:"Method of separation of variables will be applied to solve the wave, heat, and Laplace equations. In addition, one or more of the following topics will be covered: qualitative properties of solutions of various equations (characteristics, maximum principles, uniqueness theorems), Laplace and Fourier transform methods, and approximation techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Biology of Antidepressants", number:"null", id:"45285", path:"/courses/45285", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"38007", path:"/courses/38007", description:"Community economic development concerns the revitalization of impoverished communities. As with all things economic, poor and working people may be the subjects or the objects of development. We will utilize case studies from Philadelphia and around the world in an exploration of various models of economic justice and sustainable development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I", number:"null", id:"36350", path:"/courses/36350", description:"This calculus-based course is recommended for science majors and engineering students. Classical laws of motion; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 150 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXTRACTING LABOR:CAP: EXTRACTING LABOR:CAPITALISM AND THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"42735", path:"/courses/42735", description:"The course focuses on extractive industries such as forestry snd mining to examine several dimensions of the relationship between human labor and the non-built environment. Students will develop fluency with environmental justice, labor organizing, labor migration, and other key labor-environment issues through class discussions, digital group projects, and a field trip.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"37635", path:"/courses/37635", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPTICAL MICROSCOPY", number:"null", id:"39586", path:"/courses/39586", description:"An introduction to the fundamental concepts of optics and microscopy. Geometrical optics: ray tracing, optical elements, imaging systems, optical aberrations. Physical optics: the electromagnetic spectrum, the wave equation, diffraction, interference and interferometers, optical resolution limits, optical coherence, lasers. Microscopy methods: phase contrast, differential interference contrast, fluorescence microscopy, confocal microscopy, multiphoton microscopy, optical coherence tomography, superresolution microscopy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36870", path:"/courses/36870", description:"A basic laboratory course in which both the theoretical and practical aspects of a variety of organic reactions and multistep syntheses are emphasized. Modern chromatographic, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques are applied to experimental organic chemistry. Course should be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 or in the semester immediately following. 

PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING: For the Summer and LPS offering of CHEM 245, it is a 2-semester course. Part 1 is taken in the first term for 0.0 CU and then Part 2 is taken in the second term immediately following the first for 1.0 CU.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF STAGE DESIGN", number:"null", id:"43573", path:"/courses/43573", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of Scenic Design for the stage. Scene Design is about the look or physical appearance of the stage for a play. It reflects the way that the stage is composed artistically in regard to props, actors, shapes and color. We will explore Scene Design and the Theatre (story telling, place and local, time and period, society and culture) , Scene Design as a Visual Art (principals of design and composition, style, use of space, expression of concept) and examine how it ties together all the visual elements of a production to create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics will include: Script Analysis, Technical Production, Period Decor and Ornament; Drawing, Drafting, Model Making; and Scene Painting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"35863", path:"/courses/35863", description:"This course is a continuation of GRMN 101 and is designed to strengthen and expand students' listening, speaking, reading, and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of German-speaking cultures. By the end of the course, students will be able to handle a variety of day-to-day needs in a German-speaking setting and engage in simple conversations about personally significant topics. Students can expect to be able to order food and beverages, purchase things, and to be familiar with the German university system, the arts, and current social topics. Students will begin to be able to talk aboutthe past and the future, make comparisons, describe people and things in increasing detail, make travel plans that include other European countries, and make reservations in hotels and youth hostels. By the end of the course students will be able to talk about their studies and about their dreams for the future. In In addition, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them tounderstand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENEW ENERGY&ITS IMPACT", number:"null", id:"38404", path:"/courses/38404", description:"The objective is to introduce students to the major aspects of renewable energy, with its foundations in technology, association to economics, and impacts on ecology and society. This introduction is intended both for general education and awareness and for preparation for careers related to this field. The course spans from basic principles to applications. A review of solar, wind, biomass, hydroelectric, geothermal energy, and prospects for future energy systems such as renewable power generation in space.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"37194", path:"/courses/37194", description:"This course focuses on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOPHYSICS", number:"null", id:"44251", path:"/courses/44251", description:"This course will cover the application of geophysical investigation techniques to problems of the earth's plantary structure, local subsurface structure and mineral prospecting. The topics will include principles of geophysical measurements and interpretation with emphasis on gravity measurement, isostasy, geomagnitism, sesmic refraction and reflection,electrical prospecting, electromagnetics and groung radar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"African Diaspora in Latin America and the Spanish-speaking Caribbean", number:"null", id:"36007", path:"/courses/36007", description:"This coure will explore the arrival, establishment and contributions of free and enslaved Africans in Ibero-America, the region presently known as Latin America, and the Spanish Speaking Caribbean. It will look at how these actors and their descendants known today as Afro-Latinos, shaped and built the foun- dations of Latin American society and culture throughout the centuries from conial period to present. The course will seek to understand Afro-Latinos' agency and negotiations as intellectual contributors to the ideologies that led to independence and the creation of Latin American nations. Likewis, the course will also explore the accomplishments, controversies and tensios in racedynamics and politics, gender relations, socio-economic issues, among others factors that took and continue to take place as people of African descent negotiate their identity and struggle to uphold their space in Latin America and the U. S.A. today.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS AMERICAN POETRY: POSTWAR AMERICAN POETRY", number:"null", id:"35671", path:"/courses/35671", description:"Sometimes limiting itself to the works of one or two authors, sometimes focusing on a particular theme such as 'American Poetry and Democratic Culture,' this course devotes itself to the study of twentieth-century Americanpoetry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL ORDER-MAKING: International Order-making", number:"null", id:"38785", path:"/courses/38785", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
