CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FILIPINO I & II", number:"null", id:"35264", path:"/courses/35264", description:"A continuation of ALAN 120, the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This course will develop the communicative competence of the students in handling limited communicative tasks, reading simple connected texts and writing short dialogues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC & THE BRAIN", number:"null", id:"38193", path:"/courses/38193", description:"Every human culture that has ever been described makes some form of music. The musics of different cultures cover a wide range of styles, but also display fascinating similarities, and a number of features are shared by even the most disparate musical traditions. Within our own culture, music is inescapable-there are very few individuals who do not listen to some form of music every day and far more who listen to music virtually all day long. Appreciation of music comes very early: newborns prefer music to normal speech and mothers all over the world sing to their babies in a fundamentally similar way. And yet, despite this seeming ubiquity, the real origin and purpose of music remains unknown. Music is obviously related to language, but how? Why do so many cultures make music in such fundamentally similar ways? What goes into the formation of music 'taste' and preferences? Does music have survival value, or is it merely 'auditory cheesecake', a superfluous byproduct of evolution as some critics have maintained? What is the nature of musical ability and how do musicians differ from non-musicians?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN AFRICANA STUDIES: The History of Women and Men of African Descent at the University of Penn", number:"null", id:"35241", path:"/courses/35241", description:"Topics Vary. See the Africana Studies Program's website at www.sas.upenn.edu/africana for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TELEGU II", number:"null", id:"43566", path:"/courses/43566", description:"This course continues tudents to the basic Telugu language skills, with an emphasis on practice for listening comprehension, and speaking Telugu. Combined with exposure to Andhra culture, the classroom and online work in this course will enable interested students to pursue further language study in Telugu at the intermediate level, to carry out field research in Andhra Pradesh, or to prepare them to advanced work in Telugu Studies. An introduction to Telugu like this will also be useful for students who just want to acquire basic Telugu language skills for learning a new language or being able to communicate with Telugu speaking family and friends or to enjoy Telugu music and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR EVOLUTION PSYCH: Behavioral Biology of Women", number:"null", id:"39256", path:"/courses/39256", description:"The purpose of this seminar is to explore state-of-the-art research and theory in the discipline of evolutionary psychology, with an emphasis on particularly challenging problems such as the evolution of conscious experience (phenomenology) and human (pro-)social behavior, especially altruism, cooperation, and morality. By the end of the class, students should be familiar with the current avenues of research in these areas and the controversies that surround these areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIME & HUMAN DEVELOPMNT", number:"null", id:"43971", path:"/courses/43971", description:"One of the central research problems in criminology is the relationship between human development and the likelihood of committing crime. This course will examine the tools for measuring the onset of crime, its persistence, intermittency, and desistence. These tools include the study of birth cohorts of everyone born in a certain time and place, life course studies of juvenile delinquents and non-delinquents, trajectory analysis of people studied from pre-school through middle age, and interviews with 70 year old former delinquents who reflect on how their life-course affected the crimes they committed. This course will also examine the research findings that have been produced using these tools. Students will be asked to consider what these findings imply for major theories of crime causation as well as policies for crime prevention.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROCHEM ENG OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"41780", path:"/courses/41780", description:"After introducing electrochemical concepts (redox reactions, electrolytic versus galvanic cells, standard oxidation potentials), this course will cover the broad impact of electrochemical phenomena on materials. Topics that will be discussed include: (1) Materials extraction from their ores to finished products by electrowinning, (2) Chemical refining (Mond process) and electrorefining of materials, (3) Materials degradation by destructive electrochemical corrosion, (4) Three-dimensional nanostructured materials by selective electrochemical corrosion, (5) Enhancing the electrochemical performance of materials via nanostructuring - e.g. lithium-ion battery electrodes; (6) Enhancing the electrochemical performance of materials via surface chemistry - e.g. oxygen evolution electrocatalysts; (7) Light-enhanced electrochemical performance of materials - e.g. solar water splitting photoelectrocatalysts. Students will be engaged in interactive classroom activities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: POETRY", number:"null", id:"43025", path:"/courses/43025", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 203 or equivalent (such as placement score of 600). Continuous reading of several Latin authors in poetry (e.g., Ovid, Virgil, Horace) as well as some more complex prose, in combination with ongoing review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss language and interpretation. Note: Completion of Latin 204 with C- or higher fulfills Penn's Foreign Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIMENTAL CULTURES AND POLITICS IN SPAIN", number:"null", id:"43527", path:"/courses/43527", description:"This course covers topics in contemporary Spanish Culture, its specific emphasis varying with the instructor. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"43015", path:"/courses/43015", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 111. This course is designed to develop students' Korean language proficiency to the intermediate-mid level of the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines. This course expands student's competence by dealing with more functions in various contexts that students can frequently encounter in everyday interactions. In order to prepare students for social contexts, students are encouraged to engage in conversations by personalizing the topics, functions or contexts. Students will perform in an interpersonal way by providing and obtaining information, expressing feelings and emotions, and exchanging opinions on a variety of topics such as birthday parties, recreation and hobbies, Korean holidays, marriage, cultural differences, education and jobs. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC OPINION&ELECTIONS", number:"null", id:"37816", path:"/courses/37816", description:"This course is designed to give advanced undergraduates and graduate students exposure to the literature on political behavior in American politics (the course is part of the departments 3-course graduate sequence in American politics). The course will cover both the classics of public opinion and political behavior from the Columbia, Michigan, and Rochester schools, as well as more current topics and debates in the literature. Topics include (but are not limited to) the early voting studies, the role of partisanship, the nature and origins of ideology, mass-elite interactions, heuristics and low information rationality, the nature of the survey response, campaign and media effects, framing effects, and the role of institutions in structuring behavior. Undergraduates are welcome in the class, but they should know that the class assumes familiarity with quantitative approaches to studying politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: ART OF ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"38030", path:"/courses/38030", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: MORALITY IN BABIES", number:"null", id:"42243", path:"/courses/42243", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS BIOL: INT PHYS", number:"null", id:"42455", path:"/courses/42455", description:"The course will focus on muscle function from the level of molecules to whole animal locomotion. At each level of organization, muscle function will be explored from mechanical and energetic viewpoints. The course will include lectures, demonstrations, and several guest expert lectures. Students will also be introduced to realistic musculo-skeletal modelling and forward dynamic simulations to explore integrated function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE OF DESIGN", number:"null", id:"35765", path:"/courses/35765", description:"The course will explore the changing relationship during the modern era betweendesign (structure, model, plan of a work of art) and language (metaphor for a system of communication; speech, writing, literature). Our readings and visual presentations will focus on topics in the decorative arts, painting, architecture, typography and visual communication. We will focus on primary sources in order to situate our inquiry in a larger historical context. The discussion will center on claims about the inherent meaning of forms, discuss different roles for designas an ideological statement, as an agent of societal change, and as an idiosyncratic expression. Topics will also include the search for a universal visual language, attempts at bridging the perceived gap between spoken and written language, and the impact of visual form on the meaning of literary texts (particularly when the author has been involved). Students can suggest additional topics related to their field of study.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTOMATA,COMPUT.& COMPLX", number:"null", id:"36924", path:"/courses/36924", description:"This course explores questions fundamental to computer science such as which problems cannot be solved by computers, can we formalize computing as a mathematical concept without relying upon the specifics of programming languages and computing platforms, and which problems can be solved efficiently. The topics include finite automata and regular languages, context-free grammars and pushdown automata, Turing machines and undecidability, tractability and NP-completeness. The course emphasizes rigorous mathematical reasoning as well as connections to practical computing problems such as test processing, parsing, XML query languages, and program verification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO JOURNALISTIC WRIT", number:"null", id:"38470", path:"/courses/38470", description:"This workshop is designed as an introduction to journalistic writing. Topics may include Writing about Food, Journalism and the Environment, Digital Newswriting, and other themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMATION & IMPLEMENT", number:"null", id:"37541", path:"/courses/37541", description:"This advanced course in entrepreneurship centers on writing a comprehensive business plan and implementation plan for a venture of your choice. The course examines ways to profitably launch and exploit business opportunities (as opposed to what opportunity to explore). It will allow you to acquire the skill set necessary for crafting a winning business model for your venture - developing and writing a coherent and effective plan to start a business in either an independent or a corporate setting. The venture must distinguish itself from existing companies through differential innovation; for example, through an innovative product or service, an innovative production process, a new business model, or by creating a new market. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course. 

Format: Highly interactive 

Requirements: Class participation, interim assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Grown-Up Art of Writing for Children", number:"null", id:"42685", path:"/courses/42685", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"40570", path:"/courses/40570", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and two novels; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC MGMT&STRAT", number:"null", id:"37284", path:"/courses/37284", description:"This course presents an overview of the business of health and how a variety of health care organizations have gained, sustained, and lost competitive advantage amidst intense competition, widespread regulation, high interdependence, and massive technological, economic, social and political changes. Specifically, we evaluate the challenges facing health care organizations using competitive analysis, identify their past responses, and explore the current strategies they are using to manage these challenges (and emerging ones) more effectively. Students will develop generalized skills in competitive analysis and the ability to apply those skills in the specialized analysis of opportunities in producer (e.g. biopharmaceutical, medical product, information technology), purchaser (e.g. insurance), and provider (e.g. hospitals, nursing homes, physician) organizations and industry sectors. The course is organized around a number of readings, cases, presentations, and a required project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUALIZATION II", number:"null", id:"35309", path:"/courses/35309", description:"A studio course exploring the relationship between two-dimensional images and three-dimensional digital and physical models. This studio course develops advanced techniques in digital representation and fabrication through an investigation of the theme of inhabitation in architecture. Prerequisite(s): ARCH 201", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAND OF THE PHARAOHS", number:"null", id:"44599", path:"/courses/44599", description:"This course provides an introduction to the society, culture and history of ancient Egypt. The objective of the course is to provide an understanding of the characteristics of the civilization of ancient Egypt and how that ancient society succeeded as one of the most successful and long-lived civilizations in world history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CHROMATIC HARMONY", number:"null", id:"43186", path:"/courses/43186", description:"Analytical Studies in Harmony. Please see department website https://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/courses for current term course descriptions", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY AND HUMAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"37313", path:"/courses/37313", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH", number:"null", id:"37222", path:"/courses/37222", description:"French 121 is an intensive one-semester language course for students who have had some French before but who can benefit from a complete review of elementary French. Students with an SATII score between 380-440 or a placement score between 18-29 should enroll in French 121. This course will provide a re-introduction of the basic structures of French with intensive work on speaking and listening designed to prepare students to take Intermediate French. Due to the nature of the course, the first half will progress rapidly with much more difficult material being presented after the midterm period. 

As in other French courses, class will be conducted entirely in French. You will be guided through a variety of communicative activities in class that will expose you to a rich input of spoken French and lead you from structured practice to free expression. You will be given frequent opportunity to practice your newly acquired vocabulary and grammatical structures in small group and pair work activities which simulate real-life situations. The course will introduce you to French and Francophone culture through authentic materials including written documents, simple articles, songs, films, videos, and taped conversations between native speakers. Out-of-class homework will require frequent practice with audio and video material, and will include daily written assignments. The course will also invite you to explore the Francophone world on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"40264", path:"/courses/40264", description:"Continuation of MATH 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"42800", path:"/courses/42800", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory, the methods, and the concerns of corporate finance. The concepts developed in FNCE 100 form the foundation for all elective finance courses. The main topics include: 1) the time value of money and capital budgeting techniques; 2) uncertainty and the trade-off between risk and return; 3) security market efficiency; 4) optimal capital structure, and 5) dividend policy decisions. During the Fall semester there are honors sections of FNCE 100 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC", number:"null", id:"40251", path:"/courses/40251", description:"Functions of several variables, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential equations; introduction to linear algebra and matrices with applications to linear programming and Markov processes. Elements of probability and statistics. Applications to social and biological sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN INDIA: Ghandi to Globalization", number:"null", id:"37807", path:"/courses/37807", description:"This course attempts to examine the experience of representative democracy in India and the country's development record in a historical framework. It will ask questions such as: How did representative democracy emerge in India and what explains its persistence? What are the sources of its vulnerability? What kind of a sense of nationhood does this democratic experience rest upon? What are the exclusions built into this conception of nationhood? What is the relationship between India's development experience and its democratic experiment? How have India's 'traditional' institutions adapted or failed to adapt to modern circumstances? Why has India performed well in certain economic sectors such as IT even while its record in providing basic social services has been poor? How has India's self-perception about its place in the world changed in recent years and what are its implications?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MEDICALLY FRAGILE CHILD", number:"null", id:"45223", path:"/courses/45223", description:"This course is designed to assist prospective practitioners develop advanced skills in identifying the needs and interventions for medically fragile neonataes, children and their families.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT KOREAN MEDIA I", number:"null", id:"40200", path:"/courses/40200", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course aims to develop a deeper understanding of the contemporary Korean society through critical analysis of language use and viewpoints expressed in various types of media including the internet, TV, films and newspapers. This course will provide students with a rich opportunity to relate what they have learned in previous Korean language courses to the larger context of Korean culture and society. The course is conducted entirely in Korean and utilizes both written and audiovisual materials to develop students' reading/listening comprehension and critical thinking. The course also involves in-depth class discussion and writing short compositions to enhance conversation and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG PRINC OF HUMAN PHYSI", number:"null", id:"42389", path:"/courses/42389", description:"This course presents a quantitative, biophysical approach to physiology, focusing on the nervous, cardiovascular, and pulmonary systems. We will also emphasize computational modeling and analysis of physiological systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"43533", path:"/courses/43533", description:"Continuation of STAT 101. A thorough treatment of multiple regression, model selection, analysis of variance, linear logistic regression; introduction to time series. Business applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP STR/IND STR", number:"null", id:"37528", path:"/courses/37528", description:"This is a course in analyzing competitive interactions. The course emphasizes a vision of strategy in which each competitor simultaneously chooses its strategy, taking into account the strategies of its opponents. Crucial to this vision is the anticipation of the moves of your opponent and, in particular, the expectation that your opponent is (almost) as smart as you are. Equal attention will be given to the development of techniques for analyzing competitive interactions and to the application of those techniques. Game theory and the economics of industrial organization provide the basis for the theoretical constructs developed in the course. Topics that will be explored include: market failures and profitability, competitive bidding, signaling, entry deterrence, agenda setting, regulations, and price wars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAZZ:STYLE & HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40379", path:"/courses/40379", description:"This course is an exploration of the family of musical idioms called jazz. Attention will be given to issues of style development, selective musicians, and to the social and cultural conditions and the scholarly discourses that have informed the creation, dissemination and reception of this dynamic set of styles from the beginning of the 20th century to the present. Fulfills Cultural Diversity in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"35794", path:"/courses/35794", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide the student with the necessary skills to value and to employ options, futures, and related financial contracts. In order to provide a useful treatment of these topics in an environment that is changing rather rapidly, it is necessary to stress the fundamentals and to explore the topics at a technical level. The topics that will be covered include the valuation of futures contracts on stock indices, on commodities and Treasury instruments; the valuation of options, empirical evidence, strategies with respect to these assets, dynamic asset allocation strategies, or which portfolio insurance is an example, swaps, and the use (and misuse) of derivatives in the context of corporate applications. One-third of the course will be devoted to futures, a third to options, and a third to their applications. Many of the applications will be sprinkled along with the coverage of futures and options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43860", path:"/courses/43860", description:"Important methods, skills, and apparatus used for the acquisition and interpretation of quantitative information about chemical systems will be discussed in principle and used in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO SPATIAL ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"38529", path:"/courses/38529", description:"The course is designed to introduce students to modern statistical methods for analyzing spatial data. These methods include nearest-neighbor analyses of spatial point patterns, variogram and kriging analyses of continuous spatial data, and autoregression analyses of area data. The underlying statistical theory of each method is developed and illustrated in terms of selected GIS applications. Students are also given some experience with ARCMAP, JMPIN, and MATLAB software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN S. REN ART: WHAT IS PAINTING?", number:"null", id:"40977", path:"/courses/40977", description:"Topic Varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY-AFR LG ELEM II", number:"null", id:"38072", path:"/courses/38072", description:"Continuation of AFST 490.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN RELIGIONS", number:"null", id:"35248", path:"/courses/35248", description:"Religion permeates all aspects of African life and thought. There is no dichotomy between religion and society in Africa. In this course, we will survey some of the indigenous religions of Africa and examine their nature and their philosophical foundations. We will examine African systems of beliefs, myths, symbols, and rituals, as developed by African societies to express their distinctive worldviews. We will also raise some questions about the interrelationship of religion and culture as well as religion and social change in Africa, and the challenges of modern technologies to African beliefs. We will examine the future of African religions and analyze the extent to which African peoples can hold on to their beliefs in this age of rapid technological and scientific development. Emphasis will be on themes rather than on individual national or tribal religions. Case studies, however, will be limited to West Africa among the Akan of Ghana, the Yoruba of Nigeria, and the Mende of Sierra Leone. Questions are provided (a) to guide and direct reading (b) to form the basis for discussions (c) as exercises and (d) for examinations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUS REL & HUM RES MGMT", number:"null", id:"37509", path:"/courses/37509", description:"The focus of Management 104 is the economic and institutional constraints on organizations in the formulation and implementation of human resources management policies and strategies in the United States and, as appropriate, internationally. The specific constraints discussed are labor markets (external and internal), labor laws (governing employment policies and employee relations), and labor unions (and the threat thereof). Particular attention is paid to the relationship of these constraints to the competitiveness of American enterprise in the global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE AND CLINICAL PRACTICUM I", number:"null", id:"39085", path:"/courses/39085", description:"This didactic and clinical fieldwork course explores issues relevant to the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner within the complex U.S. health care system. Role development, reimbursement issues, provision of quality and ethical care and evidence-based nursing and medical interventions are introduced and discussed in the classroom. Clinical fieldwork focuses on assessment of complex acute, critical and chronically-ill patients for urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data, to evaluate for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions, development of differential diagnoses, application of diagnostic reasoning and formulation, implementation, evaluation and modification of individualized plans of care including pharmacological and non-pharmacological modalities. Development of advanced clinical competencies and clinical decision making abilities about adults across the age continuum is emphasized. .", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POLIT THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"42020", path:"/courses/42020", description:"Whether America begins with the Puritans and the Mayflower Compact, or with the Declaration of Independence and the Revolution, it is founded in resistance to empire. In the generations between, Americans have desired, dreaded and debated empire. This course will focus on empire and imperialism in American political thought. We will read primary texts addressing empire: from the departure and dissent of the Puritans, and Burke's Speech on Conciliation with the Colonies, to twentieth and twenty-first century debates over America's role in the world. These texts will include political pamphlets and speeches, poetry, novels, policy papers and film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM PHYS OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"43156", path:"/courses/43156", description:"This course develops the background in basic physics required to understand the behavior of electrons in atoms, molecules and solids. Beginning with experiments and ideas that led to the foundation and postulates of Quantum Mechanics, the behavior of an electron in simple potential wells is treated. The electron in a harmonic oscillator well and the Coulomb potential of a hydrogen atom are treated next. Pauli's exclusion principle and generalization to multi-particle systems are introduced. The Fermi energy, density of states and free electron band structure will be introduced. Many state-of-the-art materials analysis techniques will also be demonstrated throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY", number:"null", id:"45188", path:"/courses/45188", description:"We learn in introductory economics courses that money is fungible: that is, one dollar is as good as the next. Indeed, using money as a 'medium of exchange' is one of its defining characteristics. But what happens when we take a big pile of money and put it in different buckets. On one bucket we might write 'hedge fund'; on another, 'central bank'; on still another, 'payday lender.' Then money starts to change in ways defined by law, history, ethics, and politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"36613", path:"/courses/36613", description:"This course will examine the state of urban journalism today with special emphasis on how large newspapers are redefining themselves, and the news, in an era of dwindling readership and growing financial pressures. The course will look at online journalism, ethics, and alternative sources of news, and will explore the techniques journalists use in reporting the news. Students will report and write four pieces of their own about Philadelphia and its environs. The course is taught by Dan Rubin, Deputy Metro Editor and former foreign correspondent for the Philadelphia Inquirer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ASTROPHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"42383", path:"/courses/42383", description:"A basic course for majors in physical sciences and engineering; require for the astrophysics concentration. The course covers fundamental knowledge of Einstein's gravity, the contents of the universe, and the structure and distribution of galaxies. Emphasis is on the key elements of modern cosmology: the mathematical model of the expanding universe, the cosmic microwave background, the early universe and the emergence of large-scale structure in the present universe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL VALUES", number:"null", id:"41640", path:"/courses/41640", description:"This course presents law as an evolving social institution, with special emphasis on the legal regulation of business in the context of social values. It considers basic concepts of law and legal process, in the U.S. and other legal systems, and introduces the fundamentals of rigorous legal analysis. An in-depth examination of contract law is included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMEDIATE SPAN", number:"null", id:"36535", path:"/courses/36535", description:"Spanish 134 is an intensive intermediate-level language course that covers the material presented in Spanish 130 and Spanish 140. The course emphasizes the development of the four canonical skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in a meaningful context. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense and major uses of the subjunctive, and the development of writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUST PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"38313", path:"/courses/38313", description:"Rust is a new, practical, community-developed systems programming language that 'runs blazingly fast, prevents almost all crashes, and eliminates data ra (rust-lang.org). Rust derives from a rich history of languages to create a multi-paradigm (imperative/functional), low-level language that focuses on high-performance, zero-cost safety guarantee in concurrent programs. It has begun to gain traction in industry even before official 1.0 release in May 2015, showing a recognized need for a new low-level systems language. In this course, we will cover what makes Rust so unique and apply it to practic systems programming problems. Topics covered will include traits and generics; memory safety (move semantics, borrowing, and lifetimes); Rust's rich macro system; closures; and concurrency. Evaluation is based on regular homework assignments as well as a final project and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45297", path:"/courses/45297", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS II", number:"null", id:"36001", path:"/courses/36001", description:"This course is a continuation of KORN 131 and aims to further develop students' language abilities and sociolinguistic competence by building on materials covered in KORN 131. Particular emphasis will be placed on consolidation of grammar structures, and expansion and enhancement of vocabulary. Topics include preparing for a trip to Korea, finding locations and giving directions, cooking Korean food, finding housing, entertaining and engaging in social conversations, reporting and coping with problems and emergencies, etc. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"38678", path:"/courses/38678", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules and prepares students well for GRMN 104 and a minor or major in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"41627", path:"/courses/41627", description:"This course aims to develop functional proficiency in Korean at the intermediate-high level. Students will develop competence in fluency, grammatical accuracy and socio-linguistic/cultural appropriateness through a variety of activities and assignments. In addition, students will learn to communicate using more sophisticated grammatical structures and advanced vocabulary on various topics. The development of each of the four language skills (speaking, listening, reading and writing) is equally emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35842", path:"/courses/35842", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING FILIPINO II", number:"null", id:"43673", path:"/courses/43673", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL PHARMACOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39607", path:"/courses/39607", description:"This seminar course reviews the behavioral effects of drugs in animals, the general biological and psychological principles of drug action, and the relationship between drugs that affect brain monoamine and opiate systems and their behavioral effects. Introductory lectures on general topics will be followed by advanced discussion of specific topics in a journal club format through student presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOW TO RULE AN EMPIRE: INTRO TO EUROPEAN AND AMERICAN IMPERIALISM", number:"null", id:"44324", path:"/courses/44324", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"40417", path:"/courses/40417", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCALABLE & CLOUD COMP", number:"null", id:"37621", path:"/courses/37621", description:"What is the 'cloud'? How do we build software systems and components that scale to millions of users and petabytes of data, and are 'always available'? In the modern Internet, virtually all large Web services run atop multiple geographically distributed data centers: Google, Yahoo, Facebook, iTunes, Amazon, EBAY, Bing, etc. Services must scale across thousands of machines, tolerate failures, and support thousands of concurrent requests. Increasingly, the major providers (including Amazon, Google, Microsoft, HP, and IBM) are looking at 'hosting' third-party applications in their data centers - forming so-called 'cloud computing' services. 

This course, aimed at a sophomore with exposure to basic programming within the context of a single machine, focuses on the issues and programming models related to such cloud and distributed data processing technologies: how to think about dividing both data and work across large clusters of machines, both within and across data centers, how to design algorithms that do this parallel computation, and how to implement the algorithms in new frameworks such as MapReduce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"38598", path:"/courses/38598", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF YOUNG AND MIDDLE AGED ADULTS", number:"null", id:"40420", path:"/courses/40420", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of young and middle aged adults who experience functional status impairments as a result of serious illness or injury. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern, including risk factors for illness or injury, strategies to overcome barriers and support personal health resources, alleviate suffering and reduce the impact of illness or injury on the functioning of the person. Content and clinical experiences integrate developmental and role issues; policy, cultural and ethical considerations. Clinical experiences in acute care hospital units and simulation experiences provide opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATE EGYPTIAN", number:"null", id:"35270", path:"/courses/35270", description:"Introduction to the grammar of Late Egyptian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL RELATIVITY AND GRAVITATION", number:"null", id:"41994", path:"/courses/41994", description:"This is a graduate level, introductory course in general relativity. The basics of general relativity will be covered with a view to understanding the mathematical background, the construction of the theory, and applications to the solar system, black holes, gravitational waves and cosmology. The latter part of the course will cover some of the basic modern topics in modern cosmology, including the current cosmological model, the accelerating universe, and open questions driving current research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP AMER CITY/CHALLG: The Contemporary American City and its Challenges", number:"null", id:"37790", path:"/courses/37790", description:"Freshmen seminars are small, substantive courses taught by members of the faculty and open only to freshmen. These seminars offer an excellent opportunity to explore areas not represented in high school curricula and to establish relationships with faculty members around areas of mutual interest. See www.college.upenn.edu/admissions/freshmen.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGLISH DIALECTS", number:"null", id:"43060", path:"/courses/43060", description:"This course explores the ways in which sentence structure varies across dialects of English. The course will review key concepts in syntactic analysis and apply them to data from a selection of varieties of English spoken in North America (e.g., African American English, Philadelphia English, Appalachian English, Canadian English) and other parts of the world (e.g., Belfast English, Singapore English, Indian English). We will explore the historical/social contexts of various dialects, while investigating examples of linguistic variation. In addition to studying known variation in English, students will be encouraged to bring new data to class for discussion and analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDAMENTALS OF NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"44620", path:"/courses/44620", description:"Essentials of normal nutrition and their relationships to the health of individuals and families. These concepts serve as a basis for the development of an understanding of the therapeutic application of dietary principles and the nurse's role and responsibility in this facet of patient care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAG&OPT THEORY I", number:"null", id:"37144", path:"/courses/37144", description:"This course reviews electrostatics, magnetostatics, electric and magnetic materials, induction, Maxwell's equations, potentials and boundary-value problems. Topics selected from the areas of wave propagation, wave guidance, antennas, and diffraction will be explored with the goal of equipping students to read current research literature in electromagnetics, microwaves, and optics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSCI: DEMOCRACY IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"36654", path:"/courses/36654", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Political Science, the study and analysis of political activities, political behavior, political thought, and systems of government. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS FOR ARCHITECTS I", number:"null", id:"41975", path:"/courses/41975", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of mechanics, including static equilibrium, elasticity, and oscillations, with emphasis on topics most relevant to students in architecture. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 091 or 093 who complete PHYS008 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHROPOLOGY OF MUSEUMS", number:"null", id:"35290", path:"/courses/35290", description:"This course examines museums as sites where issues of Indigenous identity, memory, place and power intersect. Museums have long been engaged in the selective preservation, representation, and contextualization of Indigenous objects, cultures, and histories. We will examine antiquarian impulses that inspired the collecting of curiosities, scientific studies that drove the collection of biological specimens, and nationalist ideals that shaped monuments to house imperialist memories. Museums are now sites for complex, often contentious discourse around Indigenous collections. Students will review histories of local and national collecting processes, with a particular focus on Native American collections and concerns. We will also consider how Indigenous curators and new kinds of museums have developed innovative displays and interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KELLY WRITERS HOUSE FELLOWS SEMINAR:  S. R. DELANY, E. MYLES & M. WEINER", number:"null", id:"38486", path:"/courses/38486", description:"This course explores an aspect of contemporary American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year but have included 'The Literary History of The Cold War, 1947-1957' and the 'Kelly House Fellows Seminar.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"39416", path:"/courses/39416", description:"This course will examine the state of urban journalism today with special emphasis on how large newspapers are redefining themselves, and the news, in an era of dwindling readership and growing financial pressures. The course will look at online journalism, ethics, and alternative sources of news, and will explore the techniques journalists use in reporting the news. Students will report and write four pieces of their own about Philadelphia and its environs. The course is taught by Dan Rubin, Enterprise Editor of The Philadelphia Inquirer, The Daily News and philly.com.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTS AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"41591", path:"/courses/41591", description:"Do classrooms' fluorescent lights give you headaches? Have you ever felt invigorated by a mountain's breeze? Have you ever sought to get a 'healthy' tan at the beach? Throughout history people have attributed their health -- good and bad-- to their physical surroundings. In this class we will explore how medical professionals, scientists and the general population have historically understood the ways in which the environment impacts different people, in different places, in different ways. We will interrogate medical theories that underpinned popular practices, like health tourism, public health campaigns, and colonial medical programs. We will also consider how people constructed and understood the physical environment, including farms and factories, cemeteries and cities, to be healthy or not. This course is designed to foster a collaborative atmosphere in which students will complete an original research paper through critical reading and step-wise assignments that will culminate in a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKTG FOR SOCIAL IMPACT", number:"null", id:"37551", path:"/courses/37551", description:"Private and public sector firms increasingly use marketing strategies to engage their customers and stakeholders around social impact. To do so, managers need to understand how best to engage and influence customers to behave in ways that have positive social effects. This course focuses on the strategies for changing the behavior of a target segment of consumers on key issues in the public interest (e.g., health behaviors, energy efficiency, poverty reduction, fundraising for social causes). How managers partner with organizations (e.g., non-profits, government) to achieve social impact will also be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"43090", path:"/courses/43090", description:"Continuation of Math 502.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ROLE ISSUES FOR NURSE PRACTITIONERS", number:"null", id:"41880", path:"/courses/41880", description:"This course is intended for students planning a career that involves primary health care delivery. It includes lectures, discussions, readings, and projects focused on health, social, economic and professional factors influencing health care delivery in the community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN-ACCEL", number:"null", id:"38793", path:"/courses/38793", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the elementary year for students who have never studied Italian before but have already fulfilled the language requirement in another modern language, preferably a romance language. Students who have fulfilled the language requirement in a language other than a romance language will be considered on an individual basis. All students must have departmental permission to register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING HUMAN", number:"null", id:"43689", path:"/courses/43689", description:"Human evolutionary studies is a composite product of the fieldwork of both Paleolithic archaeology and human paleontology (or what we refer to as 'stones and bones'). This marriage of two subdisciplines of anthropology produces a unique set of data that is intellectually managed and driven by theories within anthropology as a whole and even beyond -- to fields such as biology, psychology, and primate ethology, as we try to understand the origins of language, culture, and our unique physical characteristics. In this course, we will jointly discuss and debate the actual evidence of human evolution, describing what the actual evidence is and exploring how far can we take these interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI TECH SOC MOD E ASIA", number:"null", id:"43559", path:"/courses/43559", description:"The course aims to survey the history of science and technology in East Asian countriesChina, Japan and Koreasince the late 19th century. Since Japan was the only nation in East Asia that succeeded in modernizing itself by adopting Western science, technology and politics, it will be studied first. The Chinese and Korean cases then will be reviewed with different angles. The course will emphasize the mutual influence between science & technology and society to answer how these countries became major industrial powers in the 21st century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POPULATION & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42122", path:"/courses/42122", description:"The course serves as an introduction to the study of population and demography, including issues pertaining to fertility, mortality, migration, and family formation and structure. Within these broad areas we consider the social, economic, and political implications of current trends, including: population explosion, baby bust, the impact of international migration on receiving societies, population aging, racial classification, growing diversity in household composition and family structure, population and environmental degradation, and the link between population and development/poverty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"38709", path:"/courses/38709", description:"The course focuses on the creation, funding, and management of biotechnology and health services enterprises. The course is designed to supplement other offerings in the Health Care Systems and Management Departments for those students with entrepreneurial interest in such ventures, and will focus on special issues surrounding the conceptualization, planning, diligence and capitalization, launch, compensation and management of these ventures. In addition, course offers methods for self-assessment & development of business models and plans, techniques for technology assessment and strategy, develops foundation for capitalization and partnering strategies, and creates a basis for best practices in company launch and plan execution. Students must apply to take this course. Please see the Health Care Management Department for the application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & ADVANCED CLINICAL PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"45250", path:"/courses/45250", description:"This course focuses on the implementation of the professional role of the Pediatric Acute Care Nurse Practitioner (PNP-AC). This course adds to the students' previous knowledge and skills and prepares them to deliver care to children of any age who require frequent monitoring and intervention. Applications of nursing, biological and behavioral science are emphasized in the advanced clinical assessment, clinical decision making and management skills needed to care for complex, unstable acutely and chronically ill children and their families.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL ILLUSTRATION", number:"null", id:"44156", path:"/courses/44156", description:"Digital Illustration is a course designed to expose students to the diverse techniques and approaches used in creating digital illustration for print publication. Course assignments will include two-dimensional animation storyboard rendering, figure illustration, technical diagram illustration, photographic retouching and enhancing. Digital applications will include morphing with layers, surface cloning, three-dimensional modeling and spatial transformation of scenes and objects. Students completing this course will possess the capability to design and plan creatively and skillfully execute finished artwork.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"44208", path:"/courses/44208", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions, especially the activities of global, systemically important banks. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry and highlight the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and reputational risk. Most classes will begin with discussion of a current event related to course topics. Three team projects will be assigned that will give you deeper exposure to analytic techniques related to the course. Throughout the semester, we will discuss public policy issues facing the international financial system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41152", path:"/courses/41152", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of distributed systems, and the design principles for building large scale computational systems. Topics covered include communication, concurrency, programming paradigms, naming, managing shared state, caching, synchronization, reaching agreement, fault tolerance, security, middleware, and distributed applications. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. TO COSMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36360", path:"/courses/36360", description:"Introduction to physical cosmology emphasizing recent ideas on the very early evolution of the universe. The course will introduce standard big bang cosmology, new theories of the very early universe, and the key observations that have tested and will be testing these ideas. No prior knowledge of astrophysics, cosmology, general relativity, or particle physics will be assumed, although aspects of each will be introduced as part of the course. The course is intended for graduate students and advanced undergraduates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAPPING PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"40783", path:"/courses/40783", description:"Philadelphia is a city that was mapped before it was built. Founder William Penn's original concept for the gridded city continues to inform the historical evolution of Philadelphia, even as city planners, architects, artists, and social justice activists work to transform the layers of our built environment. This class will study the city through a variety of archival maps, historical mapping practices, and emergent digital approaches to representing space and time. We will explore public history projects that seek approaches to place-making and place-keeping at neighborhood intersections, share dialogue with social practice artists who produce site- specific works, and visualize civic data through platforms such as OpenDataPhilly. Each student will pursue a final research project resulting in a close study of a particular street or intersection in the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH I", number:"null", id:"38304", path:"/courses/38304", description:"A fast-paced introduction to the fundamental concepts of programming and software design. This course assumes some previous programming experience, at the level of a high school computer science class or CIS110. (If you got at least 4 in the AP Computer Science A or AB exam, you will do great.) No specific programming language background is assumed: basic experience with any language (for instance Java, C, C++, VB, Python, Perl, or Scheme) is fine. If you have never programmed before, you should take CIS 110 first.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS OF FLUIDS", number:"null", id:"43838", path:"/courses/43838", description:"Students will understand, evaluate, and apply different equations of state relating pressure, temperature, and volume for both ideal and non-ideal systems. The course will focus on calculating and applying residual properties and departure functions for thermodynamic analysis of non-ideal gases. Students will apply and describe simple models of vapor-liquid equilibrium in multi-component systems (e.g. Raoult's Law, modified Raoult's Law, Henry's Law). Additionally, the class will analyze and describe properties of non-ideal mixtures and their component species. We will also model and predict reaction equilibria (including non-ideal fluid systems), as well as solve problems related to complex phase equilibria of multi-component systems (find equilibrium compositions for non-ideal phases).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUALITY AND PRODUCTIVITY", number:"null", id:"44725", path:"/courses/44725", description:"Matching supply with demand is an enormous challenge for firms: excess supply is too costly, inadequate supply irritates customers. In the course, we will explore how firms can better organize their operations so that they more effectively align their supply with the demand for their products and services. Throughout the course, we illustrate mathematical analysis applied to real operational challenges--we seek rigor and relevance. Our aim is to provide both tactical knowledge and high-level insights needed by general managers and management consultants. We will demonstrate that companies can use (and have used) the principles from this course to significantly enhance their competitiveness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"37031", path:"/courses/37031", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"37221", path:"/courses/37221", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course. 

As in other French courses, class will be conducted entirely in French. You will be guided through a variety of communicative activities in class which will expose you to rich input of spoken French and lead you from structured practice to free expression. You will be given frequent opportunity to practice your newly acquired vocabulary and grammatical structures in small group and pair work which simulate real-life situations. The course will introduce you to French and Francophone culture through authentic materials including written documents, simple articles, songs, films, videos, and taped conversations between native speakers. Out-of-class homework will require practice with CDs as well as regular writing practice. The course will also invite you to explore the Francophone world on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"40257", path:"/courses/40257", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"38219", path:"/courses/38219", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Two broad areas will be considered 1) Molecular Biology: DNA replication, transcription, translation, regulation of gene expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic systems, and genomics and 2) Genetics: basic Mendelian & molecular genetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL FIELDWORK FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE II", number:"null", id:"44694", path:"/courses/44694", description:"This course provides the opportunity for students to integrate theoretical knowledge and research findings into practice within the clinical setting. The clinical progression allows students to provide anesthesia care to patient with complex, multisystem problems. Selected surgical specialty rotations begin, introducing the student to the particular requirements for these special. Techniques for managing the acute pain of clients are also emphasized. The student grows in the ability to individualize a plan of care specific to the patients needs and surgical requirements. The student also now possesses the ability to combine theories and skills in selected clinical situations. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the students critical thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PIW: THE U.S. PRESIDENCY: Limits on Chief Executive Power", number:"null", id:"37811", path:"/courses/37811", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Sustainable Environmental Policy & Global Politics; Shakespeare and Political Theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"40500", path:"/courses/40500", description:"Operations strategy is about organizing people and resources to gain a competitive advantage in the delivery of products (both goods and services) to customers. This course approaches this challenge primarily from two perspectives: 1) how should a firm design their products so that they can be profitably offered; 2) how can a firm best organize and acquire resources to deliver its portfolio of products to customers. To be able to make intelligent decisions regarding these high-level choices, this course also provides a foundation of analytical methods. These methods give students a conceptual framekwork for understanding the linkage between how a firm manages its supply and how well that supply matches the firm's resulting demand. Specific course topics include designing service systems, managing inventory and product variety, capacity planning, approaches to sourcing and supplier management, constructing global supply chains, managing sustainability initiatives, and revenue management. This course emphasizes both quantitative tools and qualitative frameworks. Neither is more important than the other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20C RUSS LIT,FILM & CULT", number:"null", id:"43462", path:"/courses/43462", description:"This course continues developing students' advanced skills in Russian, and introduces students to major movements and figures of twentieth-century Russian literature and culture. We will read the works of modern Russian writers, and watch and discuss feature films. The course will introduce the first Soviet films and works of the poets of the Silver Age and beginning of the Soviet era as well as the works from later periods up to the Perestroika and Glasnost periods (the late 1980s).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"38637", path:"/courses/38637", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40284", path:"/courses/40284", description:"This is a junior level laboratory course. The course teaches the principles of design and measurement systems including basic electromechanical systems. It follows MEAM 302 and MEAM 321 including experiments in fluid mechanics, and vibration in the design of mechanical systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"35425", path:"/courses/35425", description:"The laboratory methods in biochemical and genetic engineering learned include molecular cloning techniques, cell transformation, DNA gel electrophoresis, ImageJ, PCR, DNA sequencing, SDS-PAGE, Western Blot, and enzyme assays. Culture techniques for bacteria, yeast and animal cells are taught and practiced. The students write several individual lab reports during the semester. A group presentation and report on a proposal for a new lab experiment is the final assignment for the lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ROLE ISSUES FOR NURSE PRACTITIONERS", number:"null", id:"37675", path:"/courses/37675", description:"This course is intended for students planning a career that involves primary health care delivery. It includes lectures, discussions, readings, and projects focused on health, social, economic and professional factors influencing health care delivery in the community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"39319", path:"/courses/39319", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you shoud be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SPANISH", number:"null", id:"44949", path:"/courses/44949", description:"The purpose of this course is twofold: (a) to develop students' communicative abilities in Spanish, that is, speaking, listening, reading and writing, and (b) to increase their awareness and understanding of Hispanic cultures and societies. Homework and classroom activities are designed to help students build their oral proficiency, expand and perfect their knowledge of vocabulary and grammatical structures, improve their reading and writing skills, and develop their critical thinking abilities. The material for this class includes short stories, newspaper articles, poems, songs, cartoons, video clips and a novel, such as Cesar Aira's La villa. At the completion of this course, students will feel confident discussing and debating a variety of contemporary issues (cultural and religious practices, family relationships, gender stereotypes, political events, immigration to the USA, etc.). Any questions about placement should be addressed to the Director of the Spanish Language Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR CAPSTONE SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"40937", path:"/courses/40937", description:"ANTH 300 is a Research Seminar for anthropology majors. It defines the Penn anthropology major by bringing together and inter-relating major threads from the different subfields of the Penn anthropology curriculum. Each session includes contributions from members of the standing faculty and seminar discussions of a research theme in which anthropological knowledge is currently progressing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POETRY", number:"null", id:"37056", path:"/courses/37056", description:"Some versions of this course survey American poetry from the colonial period to the present, while others begin with Whitman and Dickinson and move directly into the 20th century and beyond. Typically students read and discuss the poetry of Williams, Stein, Niedecker, H.D., Pound, Stevens, Fearing, Rakoksi, McKay, Cullen, Wilbur, Plath, Rich, Ginsberg, Kerouac, Waldman, Creeley, Ashberry, O'Hara, Corman, Bernstein, Howe, Perelman, Silliman, and Retallack. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FICTION WRITING", number:"null", id:"44057", path:"/courses/44057", description:"The writing of individually selected projects (a novel, a group of short stories) with reading assignments and discussion of student works-in-progress.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modeling Geographic Objects", number:"null", id:"39921", path:"/courses/39921", description:"This course offers a broad and practical introduction to the acquisition, storage, retrieval, maintenance, use, and presentation of digital cartographic data with both image and drawing based geographic information systems (GIS) for a variety of environmental science, planning, and management applications. Its major objectives are to provide the training necessary to make productive use of at least two well known software packages, and to establish the conceptual foundation on which to build further skills and knowledge in late practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CREATIVE WRIT: CREATIVE NONFICTION AND POETRY", number:"null", id:"41265", path:"/courses/41265", description:"A course designed to introduce students to many of the elements of creative writing, including fiction, poetry, journalism, creative nonfiction, and memoir. Students can expect to read from a variety of assigned texts, respond to regular writing prompts, and workshop their own creative work in a collaborative setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Creative Writing for Chemists", number:"null", id:"42711", path:"/courses/42711", description:"A workshop course in creative writing. Assignments will include informal exercises as well as formal crafted pieces, covering such genres as fiction, creative nonfiction, memoir, review, essay, poetry, popular culture, and satire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT 2", number:"null", id:"40709", path:"/courses/40709", description:"The continuation of Spanish 135, Spanish 145 is a second-semester intermediate-level medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 135.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNAT'L SOCIETY 20C", number:"null", id:"37320", path:"/courses/37320", description:"Is the world evolving toward a global civil society, and perhaps toward global government? The course explores this question across the 20th century, focusing on the origins and evolution of transnational organizations and movements. We will analyze a variety of actors above and below the level of the nation-state, from the League of Nations to Amnesty International. At the same time we will pay careful attention to the many countervailing forces that have resisted the process of globalization: various forms of nationalism, local ethnic and religious movements in places as far-flung as Central Africa and Northern Ireland, and struggles over territories and border control from Arizona to Kashmir. We will look at the long history of contention between these opposing trajectories, exploring such topics as Wilsonianism and its reception in Europe and beyond, transnational human rights norms, the environmentalist movement, institutions designed to deal with global threats such as the World Health Organization or the International Atomic Energy Agency, European integration, political Islam, and the War on Terror.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE BEFORE 1660", number:"null", id:"38439", path:"/courses/38439", description:"This course will introduce students to key works of English literature written before 1660. It will explore the major literary genres of this period, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. The course will examine how literature texts articulate changes in language and form, as well as in concepts of family, nation, and community during the medieval and early modern periods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVS SEMINAR: THE ANTHROPOCENE:CREATING A HUMAN DOMINATED EARTH", number:"null", id:"35696", path:"/courses/35696", description:"Application of student and faculty expertise to a specific environmental problem, chosen expressly for the seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - Corporate Restructuring", number:"null", id:"41426", path:"/courses/41426", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NETWRKS & SEC", number:"null", id:"41141", path:"/courses/41141", description:"This course introduces principles and practices of computer and network security. We will cover basic concepts, threat models, and the security mindset; an introduction to cryptography and cryptographic protocols including encryption, authentication, message authentication codes, hash functions, public-key cryptography, and secure channels; an introduction to networks and network security including IP, TCP, routing, network protcols, web architecture, attacks, firewalls, and intrusion detection systems; an introduction to software security including defensive programming, memory protection, buffer overflows, and malware; and discuss broader issues and case studies such as privacy, security and the law, digital rights management, denial of service, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA INDUSTRIES&SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"45128", path:"/courses/45128", description:"The aim of this course is to prepare you to work in the media business as well as to be an informed citizen by acquainting you with the work and language of media practitioners. The class also investigates the exciting, and (to some employed there) scary changes taking place in the news industry, the advertising industry, the movie industry, and several other areas of the media system. In doing that, the course ranges over economic, political, legal, historical, and 'cultural' considerations that shape what we see when we go online, use social media, watch TV, read books, play video games, and more. You'll never look at media the same again.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"45192", path:"/courses/45192", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language (ASL). Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS.:EM,OPTICS,MODP", number:"null", id:"44772", path:"/courses/44772", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, light and optics, special relativity, the quantum theory of matter, and nuclear physics. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM COMP & INF SCI", number:"null", id:"35503", path:"/courses/35503", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce undergraduate students in computer computer science and engineering to quantum computers (QC) and quantum information science (QIS). This course is meant primarly for juniors and seniors in Computer Science. No prior knowledge of quantum mechanics (QM) is assumed. Enrollment is by permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMPIRICAL METH CORP FN", number:"null", id:"42838", path:"/courses/42838", description:"The course will cover a variety of microeconometic models and methods including panel data models, program evaluation methods [e.g. difference in differences, matching techniques, regression discontinuity design] instrumental variables, duration models, structural estimation [e.g. simulated methods of moments]. The structure of the course consists of lectures, student presentations, and empirical exercises. I will utilize published studies in a variety of fields such as corporate finance, labor economics, and industrial organization to illustrate the various techniques. The goal of the course is to provide students with a working knowledge of various econometric techniques that they can apply in their own research. As such, the emphasis of the course is on applications, not theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR SPANISH SPEAKER", number:"null", id:"37784", path:"/courses/37784", description:"Portuguese 114 is designed for students who have studied Spanish. The course begins with exposure to basic vocabulary and structures, advancing at an accelerated pace. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary. Students will participate in pairs, small-groups and whole-class activities that focus on the meaningful and accurate exchange of information. The class will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTS OF MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43816", path:"/courses/43816", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: SELF-CARE OF CHRONIC ILLNESS", number:"null", id:"39047", path:"/courses/39047", description:"This case study introduces the role of self-care by patients with chronic illness. We will discuss the history, definitions, predictors, and outcomes of self-care in various chronically ill populations. A focus of discussion will be an in depth exploration of the factors that influence self-care. Understanding these factors will prepare nurses for their role in promoting patient self-care. Fieldwork experiences will enable students to gain practical experience in engaging chronically ill individuals in self-care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXISTENTIAL DESPAIR", number:"null", id:"42078", path:"/courses/42078", description:"This is an experimental course that seeks to combine creative pedagogical methods and alternative scheduling to encourage intellectual reflection and emotional vulnerability through an in depth study of the way people cope with existential despair. Through a reading of memoirs, novels, poetry, and essays in an atmosphere conducive to close-reading and full-participation students will explore a wide-range of ways of coping with, describing, and comprehendingmoments of great despair. Lectures will explain the ritual, liturgical, homiletic, meditative, reflective, self-destructive, psycho-somatic, and ascetic ways despair is both conditioned and mitigated by different thinkers from various traditions over time. Format: This course is different from most others in that there is no homework, no class participation, no outside reading, and no research papers. There will be no work given to students or expected of them outside of class. All work is done in class and class is very long (8 hours straight, once a week, from four PM to midnight). Students will eat together in class, there will be three bathroom breaks, but there will be no internet, no phones, no computers, and no auditors. Each student must be fully committed to the class and 75% of the grade will be determined by class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"41782", path:"/courses/41782", description:"The senior design course is a two-semester capstone program that gives students the opportunity to design and execute an original experimental or theoretical project in materials science, engineering, or product/device development. Students will be challenged to use the skills, knowledge, and understanding developed during their first three years and continually developed through their fourth, in the research and design environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GIS MAP PLAC & ANALY SPA: GIS MAPPING PLACES & ANALYZING SPACES", number:"null", id:"37116", path:"/courses/37116", description:"This course is a hands-on introduction to the concepts and capabilities of geographic information systems (GIS). Students will develop the skills necessary for carrying out basic GIS projects and for advanced GIS coursework. The class will focus on a broad range of functional and practical applications,ranging from environmental science and planning to land use history, social demography, and public health. By the end of the course, students will be ableto find, organize, map, and analyze data using both vector (i.e. drawing-based) and raster (i.e. image-based) GIS tools, while developing an appreciation for basic cartographic principles relating to map presentation.This course fulfillsthe spatial analysis requirement for ENVS and EASC Majors. Previous experiencein the use of GIS is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"41385", path:"/courses/41385", description:"Painting practices is an introduction to the methods and materials of oil painting. This course begins with an investigation of color and color relationships. The beginning of the semester will cover technical issues and develop the student's ability to create a convincing sense of form in space using mass, color, light and composition. The majority of work is from direct observation including object study, still life, landscape, interior and exterior space and the self portrait. Class problems advance sequentially with attention paid to perceptual clarity, the selection and development of imagery, the process of synthesis and translation, color, structure and composition, content and personal expression. Students will become familiar with contemporary and art historical precedent in order to familiarize them with the history of visual ideas and find appropriate solutions to their painting problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED STUDIES II: ORDERS AND ORIGINS", number:"null", id:"35965", path:"/courses/35965", description:"This course is the second semester of a two-semester sequence for first-year students admitted to the Collge's Integrated Studies Program. Topics will vary from year to year. For a current description, please see http://www.upenn.edu/curf/bfs/in-the-college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING POLICY", number:"null", id:"41770", path:"/courses/41770", description:"The course provides a systematic presentation of the factors to be considered when setting price, and shows how pricing alternatives are developed. Analytical methods are developed and new approaches are explored for solving pricing decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"35992", path:"/courses/35992", description:"This course is the equivalent to JPAN 111 + JPAN 112, and completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II and Basic kanji book I (L.11 - L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx.250/recognitio-approx 350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL ECONOMY", number:"null", id:"41255", path:"/courses/41255", description:"This course examines the political and economic determinants of government policies. The course presents economic arguments for government action in the private economy. How government decides policies via simple majority voting, representative legislatures, and executive veto and agenda-setting politics will be studied. Applications include government spending and redistributive policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"45309", path:"/courses/45309", description:"Spanish 130, a first-semester intermediate-level course, emphasizes students' acquisition of new vocabulary and linguistic structures in a cultural and communicative context while building on their previous speaking, reading, listening and writing skills. A substantial amount of the course is devoted to learning and using the past tenses. As in other Spanish courses, students will take part in a wide range of activities, including video blogging, role-plays, film viewings, listening to music and class discussions of current social and cultural topics. Unique to this course is the creation of a 'cultural journal'throughout the semester in which students pursue their own interests in the Spanish-speaking world while taking advantage of some of the rich resources within Philadelphia's own Hispanic community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANNING TO BE OFFSHORE", number:"null", id:"42105", path:"/courses/42105", description:"Freshman Seminar. In this course we will trace the economic development of India from 1947 to the present. Independent India started out as a centrally planned economy in 1949 but in 1991 decided to reduce its public sector and allow, indeed encourage, foreign investors to come in. The Planning Commission of India still exists but has lost much of its power. Many in the U.S. complain of American jobs draining off to India, call centers in India taking care of American customer complaints, American patient histories being documented in India, etc. At the same time, the U.S. government encourages highly trained Indians to be in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS SEM PSYCH", number:"null", id:"39251", path:"/courses/39251", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in psychology. A two-semester sequence supporting the preparation of an honors thesis in psychology. Students will present their work in progress and develop skills in written and oral communication of scientific ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUM. METHODS FOR MACRO", number:"null", id:"42645", path:"/courses/42645", description:"This course covers topics of interest in macroeconomics. Two sections are offered: Markets with Frictions. This course studies allocations in markets with frictions, as described by the difficulty in finding a trading partner, private information problems, commitment issues, and so on. Applications to labor markets, monetary economics, the marriage market will be discused. The main technical tool will be search theory, but a liberal amount of calculus and other mathematics will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY-AFR LG ELEM II", number:"null", id:"35257", path:"/courses/35257", description:"Continuation of AFST 490.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICAL ASPECTS OF HEALTH & TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39059", path:"/courses/39059", description:"Interdisciplinary approach to the study of the interface between ethics and law in the provision of health and illness care. This course draws upon the disciplines of philosophy, law, biomedical engineering and nursing in examining such concepts as the use/nonuse of biomedical technology, who and how one decides what shall be done for a given 'patient,' and the 'rights' and responsibilities (accountability) of all persons involved in health/illness care decisions. The interplay of ethical theory, personal value systems, law and technology will be stressed throughout. Lectures, seminars and case studies will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUST ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"38415", path:"/courses/38415", description:"Theories of various industrial organizational structures and problems are developed, including monopoly, oligopoly, moral hazard and adverse selection. These theories are then applied to the study of various industries, antitrust cases, and regulatory issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"35508", path:"/courses/35508", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"37794", path:"/courses/37794", description:"Students will use course readings and their community service to analyze the institutions, ideas, interests, social movements, and leadership that shape the 'politics of food' in different arenas. Service opportunities include work with the Urban Nutrition Initiative, Community School Student Partnerships, and the possibility of other placements as approved by the professors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS", number:"null", id:"40516", path:"/courses/40516", description:"Ethics is the study of right and wrong behavior. This introductory course will introduce students to major ethical theories, the possible sources of normativity, and specific ethical problems and questions. Topics may include euthanasia, abortion, animal rights, the family, sexuality, bioethics, crime and punishment and war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JOYCE'S ULYSSES:  MAKING READINGS", number:"null", id:"42698", path:"/courses/42698", description:"These courses enable students to think and write creatively as a means to the critical understanding of literary texts. The topic of the course will vary from semester to semester, but the course will always seek to advance students understanding of literature, its formal elements, and its relationship to culture and history through the use of creative projects instead of or alongside more traditional critical writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Theatre Management", number:"null", id:"43576", path:"/courses/43576", description:"So you want to be a producer. But what does it take to run a theatre company? Or to get a show to Broadway? This course gives students an in-depth look at the business of making art. Theatre management is more than budgeting and HR. The theatre manager is responsible for shaping our interactions with theatre and creating relationships between artists, audiences, and the larger community. This course looks at the role of the theater manager as a driving force in the American theatrical landscape. We will cover practical topics like grant writing, budgeting, and board management, as well as big picture topics like the relationship between commercial and not for profit theatre, how theatre shapes communities, and how technology changes the role art plays in our lives. The course features visits by leading theatre managers and thinkers from Philadelphia and New York.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF NETWORKS", number:"null", id:"44618", path:"/courses/44618", description:"Want to understand how memes spread across the Internet? How organisms exhibit flocking behavior? How the structure of a network can help predict behavior among the nodes? This course is a rigorous study of the structure and function of complex networks. From World Wide Web to networks of banks and lenders that form the financial sector, to friendship networks that influence our opinion and everyday decision-making, networks have become an integral part of our daily lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ENTERPRISING MUSICIAN AND ARTIST", number:"null", id:"36185", path:"/courses/36185", description:"This course aims to provide students with the skills to ensure that the art they create achieves the maximum impact for their audiences and communities, for their respective fields, and for themselves. The course will also examine the relationship between entrepreneurship and individual artistic development. After arriving at an appropriate definition of entrepreneurship and how it can apply to music and the arts, students will explore the development of creativity and innovation and how that leads to idea generation. Students will then receive instruction in such areas as marketing, fundraising, financial management, and business planning. Guest lectures and the examination of case studies will supplement the instructor's lectures. The course will culminate with each student completing and presenting an individual project and participating in a group project in which the class partners with a local arts organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL IMPACT & RESP", number:"null", id:"38837", path:"/courses/38837", description:"What role can business play in helping to meet global societal needs, whether it involves the environment, improving health, expanding education or eradicating poverty? Is there any responsibility on the part of business to help meet those needs? What are models of successful business engagement in this area? How should success be measured? Are there limits to what businesses can and should do, and what institutional changes will enable businesses and entrepreneurs to better succeed?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"41418", path:"/courses/41418", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. The course covers current conceptual and theoretical valuation frameworks and translates those frameworks into practical approaches for valuing companies. The relevant accounting topics and the appropriate finance theory are integrated to show how to implement the valuation frameworks discussed on a step-by-step basis. The course teaches how to develop the required information for valuing companies from financial statements and other information sources in a real-world setting. Topics covered in depth include discounted cash flow techniques and price multiples. In addition, the course covers other valuation techniques such as leveraged buyout analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Business Strategy", number:"null", id:"40303", path:"/courses/40303", description:"This course encourages students to analyze the problems of managing the total enterprise in the domestic and international setting. The focus is on the competitive strategy of the firm, examining issues central to its long- and short-term competitive position. Students act in the roles of key decision-makers or their advisors and solve problems related to the development or maintenance of the competitive advantage of the firm in a given market. The first module of the course develops an understanding of key strategic frameworks using theoretical readings and case-based discussions. Students will learn concepts and tools for analyzing the competitive environment, strategic position and firm-specific capabilities in order to understand the sources of a firm's competitive advantage. In addition, students will address corporate strategy issues such as the economic logic and administrative challenges associated with diversification choices about horizontal and vertical integration. The second module will be conducted as a multi-session, computer-based simulation in which students will have the opportunity to apply the concepts and tools from module 1 to make strategic decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"38911", path:"/courses/38911", description:"Principles and mathematical models of electrochemical processes in energy conversion and storage, water desalination, nanofabrication, electroplating, and sensing for engineering and science graduate students and advanced undergraduates, lacking prior background in electrochemistry. The course covers equivalent circuits, electrode kinetics, electrokinetic and transport phenomena, and electrostatics. The course will introduce and use the finite element program COMSOLTM. We will discuss, among other things, applications to stationary and flow batteries, supercapacitors, integrated electric circuit fabrication, electrokinetics, and biosensing. In contrast to CBE 545 Electrochemical Energy Conversion that focuses on solid state electrochemistry, this course emphasizes liquid-based electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS & DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"42096", path:"/courses/42096", description:"This course continues developing students' advanced skills in Russian, and is designed to familiarize students with contemporary Russian society, its historical background and its present political and economic structure, and to develop functional proficiency in speaking, writing, reading and listening. The course will focus on a variety of issues central to Russian society since the fall of the Soviet Union, including changing values, political parties and movements, the business climate and businessmen, various nationalities within Russia, women in the family and at work. Course materials will include interviews, articles, essays by leading Russian journalists and statesmen, and contemporary Russian movies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO TRANSLATION:  SPANISH < > ENGLISH", number:"null", id:"42157", path:"/courses/42157", description:"This course is designed for students who already have a solid foundation in Spanish and English grammar. It provides an introduction to the theory and practice of translating between English and Spanish, addressing important topics such as discourse strategies, register and mood, dialect, genre, and cultural norms linked to written and oral communication. This is a very writing-intensive class, both in and out of the classroom. There are assinged readings from the textbooks and/or assignments online for every class meeting, which will be used to discuss both the practicalities and the cultural implications of translation. Class meetings will consist of class discussions about translation in general, and critiques of your own translation efforts in particular, combined with small group or pair work on translation exercises. While there will necessarily be some use of English, the class is conducted primarily in Spanish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS INTL BUS DEVELOPM: Brazil", number:"null", id:"45047", path:"/courses/45047", description:"This short-term international business course gives undergraduate students an amazing global opportunity featuring business-site visits,lectures at partner schools, cultural excursions, and networking opportunities with undergraduate students and business contacts from the destination countries. In addition to learning abou another country's business environment and culture, students earn 0.5 course units that can be used towards business-breadth or elective credits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE REFORM AND THE FUTURE OF THE AMERICAN HEALTH SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"40094", path:"/courses/40094", description:"This course will provide students a broad overview of the current U.S. healthcare system. The course will focus on the challenges facing the health care system, an in-depth understanding of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and of its potential impact upon health care access, delivery, cost, and quality as well as its effect on firms within the health care sector. The course will examine potential reforms, including those offered by liberals and conservatives and information that can be extracted from health care systems in other developed countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"43211", path:"/courses/43211", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROEVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"42874", path:"/courses/42874", description:"Macroevolution, or evolution above the population level and on long timescales,as a field addresses fundamental questions about the origins of life, past and present.These include but are not limited to: How are highly dissimilar speciesrelated? Why are animals on distant continents so similar? How and when did major groups, like birds or mammals, originate? What drives evolutionary arms races? Why are there so many more species of beetle than crocodile? Why are there more species in the tropics than the arctic? Did dinosaursprevent the diversification of mammals? Why do some animals survive mass extinction? How can invasive species spread so rapidly? Students will learn importantconcepts underlying our understanding of modern biodiversity and the fossil record, as well as how to use different methods and lines of evidence, including evolutionary trees (phylogeny), fossil databases, past climate and global events,mathematical modeling, and even modern genomics, to answer fundamental questions about the evolution of life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"37071", path:"/courses/37071", description:"This workshop is designed as an introduction to journalistic writing. Topics may include Writing about Food, Journalism and the Environment, Digital Newswriting, and other themes. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGED CARE & INTEG HC: MANAGED CARE AND INDUSTRIAL ORGANIZATION OF HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"35890", path:"/courses/35890", description:"This course, co-taught with Brad Fluegel (former Executive VP of Wellpoint, Inc and current Chief Strategy Officer at Walgreens) will focus on two interrelated topics: managed care and market structure. The section on managed care will cover strategic planning and marketing of managed care services, operational issues in developing a managed care network, actuarial issues, and the management of physician behavior. The section on health care market structure will analyze strategies of vertical integration and horizontal integration (M+As), and their attempt to alter the balance of power in local healthcare markets. The section will also analyze the operational issues in managing cost and quality in an integrated system, integration along the supply chain, and the performance of these systems, and the bargaining and negotiation between hospitals, physicians, and health plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"36555", path:"/courses/36555", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"36915", path:"/courses/36915", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY FOR BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"43785", path:"/courses/43785", description:"The objective of this course is to make you more skilled in the art and science of strategic reasoning. Strategic situations permeate our lives and we will examine many such situations through the lens of game theory. The course is composed of game-theoretic concepts, applications, and experiential learning. The bulk of the applications are to business situations including investment and entry, bargaining, managerial incentive contracts, network effects, product location, and two-sided markets. However, given the ubiquitous presence of strategic situations in human societies, applications will extend to politics, war, sports, history, crime, theology, and every day life, and cover the existence of God, steroid use in sports, racial discrimination, land conflict, trench warfare in World War I, and the Medieval Law Merchant. Students will regularly participate in experiments involving strategic reasoning, and form teams to compete in a simulated industry environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE/PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"43012", path:"/courses/43012", description:"An intermediate level course of Japanese language focusing on workplace-related topics. Intended for students who will use Japanese in the professions. Textbook: Powering Up Your Japanese through Case Studies: Intermediate and Advanced Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CLAY: THE POTTER'S WHEEL AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"41395", path:"/courses/41395", description:"In this introductory clay class, students will learn all the fundamental skills needed to create three- dimensional forms in clay using a variety of methods: wheel throwing, handbuilding (such as coil building and slab construction), and press molding. Whether creating utilitarian forms or creating sculpture, projects are designed to strengthen both craftsmanship and individual creativity. In addition to developing a working knowledge of the ceramic process, including surface treatments and glazing, students will also be introduced to design issues as well as contemporary art/ceramics topics that influence our aesthetic sensibilities. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIBRATION MECH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"36086", path:"/courses/36086", description:"This course teaches the fundamental concepts underlying the dynamics of vibrations for single-degree of freedom, multi-degree and infinite-degree of freedom mechanical systems. The course will focus on Newton's Force Methods, Virtual-Work Methods, and Lagrange's Variation Methods for analyzing problems in vibrations. Students will learn how to analyze transient, steady state and forced motion of single and multi-degree of freedom linear and non-linear systems. The course teaches analytical solution techniques for linear systems and practical numerical and simulation methods for analysis and design of nonlinear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH OF FINANCE", number:"null", id:"40273", path:"/courses/40273", description:"This course presents the basic mathematical tools to model financial markets and to make calculations about financial products, especially financial derivatives. Mathematical topics covered: stochastic processes, partial differential equations and their relationship. No background in finance is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-CORP RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"38603", path:"/courses/38603", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLIN PRAC:COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"39077", path:"/courses/39077", description:"The focus of this course is the application of concepts presented in the Complex Diagnosis and Management of Adults Across the Lifespan (NURS 648) including initial workups of new patients, and the evaluation and management of patients with self-limiting acute problems, or stable chronic illnesses. Students will gain increased clinical expertise in a variety of community-based clinical settings including but not limited to health maintenance organizations, community clinics, long term care, assisted living, continuing care retirement communities, occupational health settings, and private practice. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, applying epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care for adults across the lifespan with health maintenance needs, and/or common acute and chronic health problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGACNP:PRF ROLE CLN PRAC: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"37704", path:"/courses/37704", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEEDFINDING", number:"null", id:"41603", path:"/courses/41603", description:"Needfinding is an approach that puts people and their needs at the center of product development and business strategy creation. Over 90% of new products introduced into the marketplace fail. A good portion of these failures are due to lack of understanding of end consumers and their needs. To develop truly successful new products, it's not enough just to ask people what they need or want. Designers and engineers need tools and techniques to get beyond what people can explicitly state and determine their implicit needs. Needfinding is an approach for developing deep insights that provide strategic direction for corporations and open up new possibilities for product development. In this class students will gain a toolset from which to develop their own approaches to conducting researching for design: learning how to think about other people, about culture, and about new perspectives. They will also learn tactical skills: how to define research questions, how to conduct observations and interviews, how to interpret results, how to synthesize them into fodder for design, and how to communicate their findings in a way that is compelling and actionable for designers, marketers, and business strategists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"41829", path:"/courses/41829", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY & ITS IMPACTS", number:"null", id:"37013", path:"/courses/37013", description:"The objective is to introduce students to one of the most dominating and compelling areas of human existence and endeavor: energy, with its foundations in technology, from a quantitative sustainability viewpoint with its association to economics and impacts on environment and society. This introduction is intended both for general education and awareness and for preparation for careers related to this field, with emphasis on explaining the technological foundation. The course spans from basic principles to applications. A review of energy consumption, use, and resources; environmental impacts, sustainability and design of sustainable energy systems; introductory aspects of energy economics and carbon trading; methods of energy analysis; forecasting; energy storage; electricity generation and distribution systems (steam and gas turbine based power plans, fuel cells), fossil fuel energy (gas, oil, coal) including nonconventional types (shale gas and oil, oil sands, coalbed and tight-sand gas), nuclear energy wastes: brief introduction to renewable energy use: brief introduction to solar, wind, hydroelectric, geothermal, biomass; energy for buildings, energy for transportation (cars, aircraft, and ships); prospects for future energy systems: fusion power, power generation in space. 

Students interested in specializing in one or two energy topics can do so by choosing them as their course project assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOCUMENTARY WRITING", number:"null", id:"35652", path:"/courses/35652", description:"This course will function as a workshop, with a select group of students. It's a course that will honor the spirit and tradition of 'documentary' writing. The word 'documentary' has meant many things over time. Here, it means a kind of nose-close observation and reportage. It means a level of being with one's subject matter in a way that other creative writing courses do not allow because of their format and structure. In English 155, a student writer at Penn will dare to 'hang' with his topic--a girl's high-school basketball team; a medical intern in a HUP emergency room; a cleaning lady doing the graveyard shift in a classroom building; a food-truck operator crowding the noontime avenues; a client-patient in the Ronald McDonald House near campus; a parish priest making his solitary and dreary and yet redemptive rounds of the sick and the dying in the hospital--for the entire term. At the term's end, each writer in the course will have produced one extended prose work: a documentary piece of high creative caliber. This is our goal and inspiration. The piece will be 35 to 40 pages long, at minimum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH II", number:"null", id:"35521", path:"/courses/35521", description:"Basic data structures, including lists, stacks, queues, hash tables, trees, priority queues, and Java Collections. Algorithms, algorithm types, and simple complexity analysis. Development and implementation of program specifications. Software architecture and design methods, including modular program development, correctness arguments, and testing techniques. Concepts illustrated through extensive programming assignments in Java.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH ENG DESIGN PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"37496", path:"/courses/37496", description:"This capstone design project course is required of all mechanical engineering students. Student teams will design and test complex mechanical systems that address a societal or consumer need. Projects are devised by the team, sponsored by industry, or formulated by Penn professors. Each project is approved by the instructor and a faculty advisor. Topics treated in the course include project planning, prototyping, patent and library searches, intellectual property, ethics, and technical writing and presentations. The work is spread over MEAM 445 and MEAM 446.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN RHET: SPORTS SCANDALS", number:"null", id:"43632", path:"/courses/43632", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Rhetoric and Writing Studies, the study of how we use various tools--words, images, gestures, sounds, genres--to communicate with and persuade others. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42388", path:"/courses/42388", description:"Properties of signals and systems; Examples of biological and biomedical signal and systems; Signal operations, continuous and discrete signals; Linear, time invariant systems; Time domain analysis; Systems characterized by linear constant-coefficient differential equations; Fourier analysis with applications to biomedical signals and systems; Introduction to filtering; Sampling and the sampling theorem. Examples vary from year to year, but usually include signals such as the ECG and blood pressure wave, principles of signal coding in the auditory system and cochlear implants, and simple applications in biomedical imaging.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LONG-FORM JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"44070", path:"/courses/44070", description:"This course in long-form journalism is required of all journalistic writing minors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"39413", path:"/courses/39413", description:"Amidst perceptions that public sector and philanthropic support for local communities is increasingly scarce, many community development practitioners are turning to social enterprise as a means to improve social and economic conditions in their neighborhoods. This course will examine and evaluate a number of recognized social enterprises tackling housing, workforce development, and job creation challenges, including several planned field visits. Building on their understanding of these fields, students will then divide into groups and develop business plans for their own social enterprises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEM-ON-A-CHIP ARCH", number:"null", id:"41370", path:"/courses/41370", description:"Motivation, design, programming, optimization, and use of modern System-on-a-Chip (SoC) architectures. Hands-on coverage of the breadth of computer engineering within the context of SoC platforms from gates to application software, including on-chip memories and communication networks, I/O interfacing, RTL design of accelerators, processors, concurrency, firmware and OS/infrastructure software. Formulating parallel decompositions, hardware and software solutions, hardware/software tradeoffs, and hardware/software codesign. Attention to real-time requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EYE, MIND AND IMAGE", number:"null", id:"43605", path:"/courses/43605", description:"Visual Studies 101 provides an introduction to the collaboration of eye, mind, and image that produces our experience of a visual world. How and what do we see? How do we perceive color, space, and motion? What is an image? Does seeing vary across cultures and time? What can art tell us about vision? Is there a 21st-century form of seeing? This course combines different approaches to the study of vision, drawing from psychology, cognitive science, philosophy, history of art, and fine art. Professors representing two or three disciplines present lectures that demonstrate the methods of their disciplines and draw connections across fields.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS 17TH-CENTURY LIT: MILTON", number:"null", id:"44091", path:"/courses/44091", description:"This course explores an aspect of 17th-Century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL HISTORY", number:"null", id:"44354", path:"/courses/44354", description:"A survey of recent and influential works in environmental history, including works from both within and outside the American environmental history canon. The focus is on situating emerging historiographical trends within the long-term development of the field and in relation to other closely allied fields, including the history of science, technology, and medicine, social and cultural history, urban history, agricultural history, world history, historical ecology, environmental anthropology, and ecocriticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EAST/WEST:MDRN WRLD HIST", number:"null", id:"37879", path:"/courses/37879", description:"Sugar and Spices. Tea and Coffee. Opium and Cocaine. Hop aboard the Indian Ocean dhows, Chinese junks, Dutch schooners, and British and American clipper ships that made possible the rise of global capitalism, new colonial relationships, and the intensified forms of cultural change. How have the desires to possess and consume particular commodities shaped cultures and the course of modern history? This class introduces students to the cultural history of the modern world through an interdisciplinary analysis of connections between East and West, South and North. Following the circulation of commodities and the development of modern capitalism, the course examines the impact of global exchange on interactions and relationships between regions, nations, cultures, and peoples and the influences on cultural practices and meanings. The role of slavery and labor migrations, colonial and imperial relations, and struggles for economic and political independence are also considered. 

From the role of spices in the formation of European joint stock companies circa 1600 to the contemporary cocaine trade, the course's use of both original primary sources and secondary readings written by historians and anthropologists will enable particular attention to the ways that global trade has impacted social, cultural, and political formations and practices throughout the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF BIOCHEM", number:"null", id:"43809", path:"/courses/43809", description:"Intermediate level course covering principles of modern biochemistry. Topics include protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanisms, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. Emphasis will be on biochemical problem solving, experimental design, and application of quantitative methods in a biological and clinical context. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"35374", path:"/courses/35374", description:"Progress in behavioral neuroscience and brain imaging techniques, such as functional and structural Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and Positron Emission Tomography (PET) has forced the courts to reconsider the role of behavioral sciences in courtroom decision-making. The goal of this course is to enable students understand and interpret the use of behavioral neuroscience evidence in the justice system. The course will introduce the students to the relevant behavioral neuroscience constructs, principles of brain imaging and rules of scientific evidence. Students will be asked to use this introductory knowledge to critically evaluate the use of brain imaging and other behavioral neuroscience techniques as evidence in representative legal cases. For each case, students will serve as neuroscience experts for the defense or prosecution and prepare, present and defend their testimony against the opposing team. Through this course, students will develop the ability to critically evaluate brain imaging and other neuroscience data in forensic and legal settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT SKEPTICISM", number:"null", id:"36341", path:"/courses/36341", description:"A study of some major texts in Ancient Greek Scepticsm. We will begin with Plato's Academy, more than a century after the death of its founder, when the head of the school Arcesilaus (315-240 BCE) advocates a turn away from 'doctrinal Platonism' (that is, working out and defending the tenets of Plato's philosophy) and a return to the critical stance of Socrates in many Platonic dialogues, who advances no doctrines himself but criticizes the claims of others. Much of the intellectural activity of the so-called 'Sceptical Academy' is directed at contesting the doctrines of their contemporaries in Hellenistic Athens: Stoic, Epicurean, and Peripatetic philosophers, with particular emphasis on the Stoic doctrine of the 'cognitive impression', which the Stoics invoked as the foundation of all knowledge. Many of these debates are reported in Cicero's On Academic Scepticism, which is the first text we will study. By the late first century BCE, the Academy departed far enough from this 'skeptical stance' that in reaction, the Academic Aenesidemus left that institution to found Pyrrhonism, which takes the fourth-century figure Pyrrho of Elis (360-270 BCE) as its symbolic figure head. The fullest account of Pyrrhonist Scepticism is in the writings of a 2nd century CE physician, Sextus Empirucus, whose Outlines of Pyrrhonism and", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT POLITICAL THOUGH", number:"null", id:"43381", path:"/courses/43381", description:"Through reading texts of Plato (Socrates), Aristotle, Augustine and Aquinas, the student encounters a range of political ideas deeply challenging to--and possibly corrosive of--today's dominant democratic liberalism. Can classical and medieval thinking offer insight into modern impasses in political morality? Is such ancient thinking plausible, useful, or dangerous?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT 2", number:"null", id:"39339", path:"/courses/39339", description:"The continuation of Spanish 135, Spanish 145 is a second-semester intermediate-level medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 135.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39247", path:"/courses/39247", description:"This course will cover theory and research related to the development of attachment, emotional regulation, peer and intimate relationships, personality, moral reasoning, and emotional and behavioral disorders. The course will emphasize the degree to which family, peer, and community contexts influence development from infancy into adulthood. Efforts will be made to integrate biological and environmental accounts of development across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG & THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"35422", path:"/courses/35422", description:"The principles of green design, life cylce analysis, industrial ecology, pollution prevention and waste minimization, and sustainable development are introduced to engineers of all disciplines as a means to identify and solve a variety of emerging environmental problems. Case studies are used to assess the problems and devise rational solutions to minimize environmental consequences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE HISTORY & CIV", number:"null", id:"37009", path:"/courses/37009", description:"This Master's level seminar focuses on the political, social and cultural history of the Chinese region from the Stone Age to the 20th century. Readings will consist of primary and secondary sources, including influential modern studies of Chinese history and civilization. All course materials are in English and no knowledge of Chinese is presumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"37555", path:"/courses/37555", description:"Marketing begins and ends with the customer, from determining customers' needs and wants to providing customer satisfaction and maintaining customer relationships. This course examines the basic concepts and principles in customer behavior with the goal of understanding how these ideas can be used in marketing decision making. The class will consist of a mix of lectures, discussions, cases, assignments, project work and exams. Topics covered include customer psychological processes (e.g., motivation, perception, attitudes, decision-making) and their impact on marketing (e.g., segmentation, branding, customer satisfaction). The goal is to provide you with a set of approaches and concepts to consider when faced with a decision involving understanding customer responses to marketing actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT & MASS TRANSPORT", number:"null", id:"42462", path:"/courses/42462", description:"Steady-state heat conduction. The energy equation. Fourier's law. Unsteady-state conduction. Convective heat transfer. Radiation. Design of heat transfer equipment. Diffusion, fluxes, and component conservation equations. Convective mass transfer. Interphase mass transport coefficients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERS BIOTECH LAB", number:"null", id:"39653", path:"/courses/39653", description:"In this course, students will learn biochemical and genetic engineering laboratory skills including molecular cloning techniques, cell transformation, DNA gel electrophoresis, ImageJ, PCR, DNA sequencing, SDS-PAGE, Western blot and enzyme assays. Cell culture techniques for bacteria, yeast and animal cells will be taught and practiced. The students write several individual lab reports during the semester. A group presentation and report on a proposal for a new lab experiment is the final assignment for the lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS.:EM,OPTICS,MODP", number:"null", id:"40545", path:"/courses/40545", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, relativity theory, optics, and the quantum theory of matter, requiring a background in calculus. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE BEHAVIORAL STRATEGIES IN HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"36242", path:"/courses/36242", description:"Cognitive therapy will be studied as it has been adapted to treat a broad spectrum of clinical disorders including depression, anxiety, phobias, substance, obesity, marital problems, sexual dysfunction, and psychosomatic disorders. Students will have an opportunity to study and observe the crucial link between thoughts and emotions and the sense of competency patients can develop through self-help techniques. The course utilizes didactic, experiential and observational techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"37195", path:"/courses/37195", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILO PROB JOURN", number:"null", id:"35553", path:"/courses/35553", description:"An exploration of the relationship between journalism and philosophy by examining particular issues in epistenmology, political philosophy, ethics, and aesthetics. Among likely topics: the concept of a 'fact'; the role of the press in the state; whether journalists (like doctors and lawyers) opperate according to a specialized 'professional' ethics; and the limits of journalism as a literary or visual genre. Course reading will include philosophical texts, breaking print journalism, and blogs that specialize in media issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"44720", path:"/courses/44720", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING LAB I", number:"null", id:"36784", path:"/courses/36784", description:"The first of two laboratory courses that are taken during the junior year. The goal of these laboratories is to provide students with hands-on experience in utilizing fundamental engineering skills to solve complex medical problems. Topics vary from year to year but generally include instrumentation, analog and electronics, fluid transport, pharmacokinetics, and engineering physiology. The course includes a lecture component and laboratory experiments. Students work in teams and submit assignments, a midterm, lab reports, and a final lab practical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"39745", path:"/courses/39745", description:"Writing a 'program' is easy. Developing a 'software product', however, introduces numerous challenges that make it a much more difficult task. This course will look at how professional software engineers address those challenges, by investigating best practices from industry and emerging trends in software engineering research. Topics will focus on software maintenance issues, including: test case generation and test suite adequacy; code analysis verification and model checking; debugging and fault localization; refactoring and regression testing; and software design and quality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOLOGIC FIELD METHOD MA", number:"null", id:"45176", path:"/courses/45176", description:"During six Saturday field trips, students will study field methods for the collection of geologic data. Use of the Brunton compass for basic surveying and collection of rock strata orientation will be stressed. Students will have an opportunity for field study of rocks and minerals, geomorphology, and geologic structures. This course is intended for MSAG students who do not have a degree in geology or need a field methods course for PG licensure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42043", path:"/courses/42043", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VOICE FOR THE ACTOR", number:"null", id:"37983", path:"/courses/37983", description:"This introductory course is designed to help the actor find new freedom and range of expression with their voice and to connect their voice to their impulse. Our focus on relaxation, sensitivity and awareness, using Fitzmaurice Voicework techniques inspired by yoga and meditation, help the student access and develop their own authentic sound. They will learn how to support their voice in a healthy way, with a view to longevity, spontaneity and flexibility of use. In this course, these kinds of vocal exercises will be applied to short, character monologues, in order to foster sensitivity to our voices and breath and to the habits and tensions we have formed around speaking in public. For an actor, reconnecting with their authentic voice is essential for an honest, connected and compelling performance. This training is also useful for anyone who wants to speak in public with confidence, sincerity and ease.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GREEK", number:"null", id:"45178", path:"/courses/45178", description:"An introduction to the basic history and conventions of Greek prose and poetry, with continuous readings from classical authors accompanied by grammar review and exercises. Ideal for undergraduates or graduate students from Penn or elsewhere who have completed the equivalent of one year Greek (e.g., GREK 112). The course covers the second year of college-level Greek, equivalent to GREK 203 + GREK 204 at more than twice the normal pace.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: LATIN LITERATURE: LETTERS OF COMPLAINT", number:"null", id:"38822", path:"/courses/38822", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit. Assignments will include syntactic and literary analysis on a daily basis, a midterm, a paper, and a final exam. Topic for Spring 2016: Catullus", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39242", path:"/courses/39242", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE DIPLOMACY", number:"null", id:"37530", path:"/courses/37530", description:"Are you well prepared to manage or analyze business challenges and competitive threats in a variety of political and social environments? For example, what should you do to dissuade or counter an individual critic armed with a camera phone a YouTube account? Or a decentralized grassroots organization that seemingly pops up overnight, appears to have no single leader or headquarters, and yet is quite successful in capturing media attention? Or a government official who because of a tight reelection campaign or an internal challenge from a populist general turns on you? Lone individuals, small activist groups and unexpected political shifts have done extensive damage to the reputations - and value - of multinationals in recent years. And yet most companies don't plan for, or even think about, investing in building the kinds of solid relationships with community leaders, governments, NGOs, and other key players that can help them avoid such crises and, when necessary, draw upon their reservoir of stakeholder capital to respond quickly and decisively when a challenge or threat emerges. This semester-long class provides an integrative perspective towards the management of these risks and opportunities. 

It highlights that better assessment of stakeholder opinion, understanding of how stakeholders impact firm value and of how to infuse stakeholder relationships with trust to unlock that value are increasingly critical elements of a firm's long-term success, particularly in emerging markets. Firms must also focus o n continual improvement in their stakeholder engagement, reinforcing their actions with strategic communications and via organizational culture. The course will give students a combination of practical tools and the latest academic thinking in the emerging field of corporate diplomacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: Imagining the World in the Middle Ages", number:"null", id:"45152", path:"/courses/45152", description:"This course covers topics in Medieval literature. Its emphasis varies with instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENSHIP", number:"null", id:"43033", path:"/courses/43033", description:"This practically oriented course examines the critical legal issues confronting start-ups with a focus on innovation and disruption. Cutting edge topics include the new drone law, which permits companies to benefit from the efficiency of aerial view techniques. Students will learn to use the law to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize value by analyzing cases, statutes, pleadings and contracts. The course covers the entire lifecycle of a business and deals with confidentiality, non-competition and invention assignment clauses, tax advantages of limited liability companies (LLC) v. corporations or partnerships, securities law strategy for raising venture capital, independent contractor v. employee concerns, discrimination laws, merger and acquisition exit plans, intellectual property (IP) including patent, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as restructuring and bankruptcy. Students will emerge from the course with the skills and tools to draft term sheets tailored to their business models, as well as mitigate liability via risk-protective policies, insurance and management of litigation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MODELING", number:"null", id:"39370", path:"/courses/39370", description:"This six-week, elective MBA course continues the required MBA statistics course, Stat 613. It expands the material covered in Stat 613 in several ways, adding both breadth (e.g., logistic regression) and depth to the coverage of regression (e.g., more diagnostics, model selection). The course emphasizes the models for decision making from large data sets, as common in data-mining. Lectures feature extensive analysis of large data sets from marketing, personal finance, and management. The course presumes that students are familiar with the inferential methods covered in STAT 613 (including hypothesis tests, confidence intervals, p-values) as well as the use and interpretation of least squares regression models. The course also uses JMP as in STAT 613. Beginning with a review of these concepts, STAT 622 covers related methodologies that produce fits that resemble and extend regression models. The methodologies include those that expand the nature of the predictors (as in the use of special transformations in time series and the construction of regression trees) and allow the use of categorical reponses (logistic regression). The course concludes by exploring the relationship between a regression fit to observational data and an analysis of variance estimated from experimental data, as in a conjoint analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG PRINC OF HUMAN PHYSI", number:"null", id:"38164", path:"/courses/38164", description:"Quantitative analysis of cellular and systems-level human physiology. Emphasis is on the neural, cardiovascular, musculoskeletal, and pulmonary systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"44012", path:"/courses/44012", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"45023", path:"/courses/45023", description:"This course will examine the state of urban journalism today with special emphasis on how large newspapers are redefining themselves, and the news, in an era of dwindling readership and growing financial pressures. The course will look at online journalism, ethics, and alternative sources of news, and will explore the techniques journalists use in reporting the news. Students will report and write four pieces of their own about Philadelphia and its environs. The course is taught by Dan Biddle, the Philadelphia Inquirer's former politics editor, an award-winning journalist for 40 years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA HISTORY SEMINAR: Religion and Politics in America", number:"null", id:"45183", path:"/courses/45183", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL IMMERSION PROGRAM: China (Pass/No Credit course)", number:"null", id:"36111", path:"/courses/36111", description:"The Global Immersion Program is a pass/fail, 0.5 credit course that is designed to provide students with an in-depth exposure to international business practices and first-hand insights into a foreign culture. In past years, programs were offered in India, the Middle East, China, South America, Southeast, Asia, and Africa. The program offers studentsthe opportunity to learn about a foreign business environment by way of academic lectures and a multi-week study tour, allowing students to visit with corporate and government officials, network with alumni, and take cultural excursions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS", number:"null", id:"45272", path:"/courses/45272", description:"Ethics is the study of right and wrong behavior. This introductory course will introduce students to major ethical theories, the possible sources of normativity, and specific ethical problems and questions. Topics may include euthanasia, abortion, animal rights, the family, sexuality, bioethics, crime and punishment and war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERFACIAL PHENOMENA", number:"null", id:"43845", path:"/courses/43845", description:"This course provides an overview of fundamental concepts in colloid and interface science. Topics include the thermodynamics of interfaces, interfacial interactions (e.g. van der Waal's interactions, electrostatics, steric interactions), adsorption, the hydrodynamics and stability of interfacial systems, self assembly, etc. Connections to self-assembly and directed assembly of nanomaterials and emerging topics are explored. Pre-requisites: undergraduate thermodynamics, some familiarity with concepts of transport phenomena (including fluid flow and mass transfer) and differential equations", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF RACE", number:"null", id:"40532", path:"/courses/40532", description:"Historically, philosophical questions about race have been about the nature and reality of race, the nature of racism, and social or political questions related to race or racism. In fitting with that history, the first part of the course will focus on the nature and reality of race, as understood in biology and as understood by ordinary people. We will begin by looking at biological race theories from Francois Bernier in 1684 to Pigliucci and Kaplan in 2003. Next, we will look at the philosophical work that has been done on the nature and reality of race as ordinarily understood in the contemporary United States. We will discuss racial anti-realism, social constructionism about race, and biological racial realism from well-known philosophers of race like Anthony Appiah, Sally Haslanger, and Joshua Glasgow. The second part of the course will focus on the nature of racism and social or political questions related to race or racism. In our discussion of racism, we will cover intrinsic v. extrinsic racism, the volitional account of racism, institutional racism, and implicit racism. In our discussion of social or political issues realted to race or racism, we will address the issue of whether race-based preferential treatment in college admissions is an instance of racism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED HUMAN ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY & PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT II", number:"null", id:"41832", path:"/courses/41832", description:"This is the second part of a two semester course designed to provide a comprehensive study of the structure and function of the human body along with essential embryology and maturational physiology. Histological and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms that enable the human body to maintain homeostasis. Within each system, deviations from normal are considered to situate the student's understanding of health problems and to foster an appreciation for the complexity of the human organism. Integrated laboratories and case studies provide a contextual base to acquire and use domain-specific knowledge that includes physical assessment, and procedural.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADDICTION NEUROSCIENCE: Neuroscience behind the addiction to chocolate,wine,coffee & tobacco", number:"null", id:"43800", path:"/courses/43800", description:"Both clinical observations and popular culture support the idea that food mighthave addictive properties. Similar to the narrative for addictive drugs, indivuals and the media use terms like 'food addict' and 'chocoholic' and refer to cravings, symptoms of withdrawal, and escalating patterns of eating that might be viewed as evidence of tolerance. The class will discuss chocolate and coffeeas examples of so-called 'addictive' food and compare their effects and mech-anisms with those of alcohol and nicotine, two substances with well-characterzed addictive properties. Furthermore, we will discuss why some forms of overeatingare thought to reflect an addictive behavior. Considering the social dimension of alcohol,coffee, and tobacco consumption and the fact that large numbers of the population consume them together, we will asl discuss the possible interactive effects of combinations of these psychoactive substances on mood and disease state. At the end of the course the student will become familiar with the diagnostic criteria for substance dependence, the anatomy and physiology of thebrain circuits involved in reward processing and drug depencence, and the neurotransmitter systems involved.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"45165", path:"/courses/45165", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. We will address different phases of a comany's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 883 is a half semester course offered in Q3 of the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"40547", path:"/courses/40547", description:"Classical laws of motions; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECONOMICS (HALF CU)", number:"null", id:"44203", path:"/courses/44203", description:"FNCE 615 Introduction To Macroeconomics and The Global Economic Environment (Half Cu) is intended for non-finance majors. It is a half-semester course in macroeconomics, with an emphasis on current events and policy applications. The goal of this course is to provide the foundation needed to recognize and understand broad economic and financial movements in the global economy. Key topics include national income accounting, production and economic growth, employment, business cycles, monetary and fiscal policy, and international finance. By the end of this course, students will be able to evaluate and discuss the global economic environment in which business and financial decisions are made. PLEASE NOTE: This course will not count towards a Finance Major", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"38641", path:"/courses/38641", description:"This content-based language course, taught in French, introduces economic, business and professional terminology through the study of the following topics: financial institutions (banking, stock market and insurance); business practices (business letters and resumes); trade and advertising; the internal structure and legal forms of French companies. The course also emphasizes verbal communication through three components: 1) In-class activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions and debates. 2) The study of authentic materials such as newspapers and magazines' articles, video clips, and radio shows. 3) A series of students' presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN ARCH:1900-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"43737", path:"/courses/43737", description:"The architecture of Europe and America from the late nineteenth century until the present is the central subject of this course, but some time is also devoted to Latin American and Asian architecture and to the important issues of modern city planning. Topics discussed include the Arts and Crafts movement, Art Nouveau, Expressionism, Art Deco, the International Style, and Post-modernism. The debate over the role of technology in modern life and art, the search for a universal language of architectural communication, and the insistent demand that architecture serve human society are themes that are traced throughout the course. Among the important figures to be considered are Frank Lloyd Wright, Walter Gropius, Le Corbusier, Louis Kahn, Robert Venturi, and Denise Scott Brown. The course includes weekly discussion sessions and several excursions to view architecture in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO REAL ESTATE", number:"null", id:"40625", path:"/courses/40625", description:"The goal of this class is to help students become informed consumers of real estate advice. The class material breaks down into four major sections: 1) The financial risk and return of property level real estate investments. Be able to interpret, understand and evaluate a real estate property investment pro forma. 2) The legal landscape for investing in real estate and using legal structures to manage risk. 3) The economics of commercial real estate markets. Understanding the forces that will determine the value and income-producing potential of a real estate investment. 4) Important real estate issues of the day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 2", number:"null", id:"44943", path:"/courses/44943", description:"The continuation of Spanish 115, Spanish 125 is a second-semester elementary medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 115.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"38984", path:"/courses/38984", description:"The state of matter is dependent upon temperature, thermal history, and other variables. In this course the science of structural transitions is treated, with the purpose in mind of utilizing them for producing materials with superior properties. The subjects covered include the methods of structural analysis, solidification, solid state transformation, and order-disorder transition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG HIN/URD FOR GRADS", number:"null", id:"41538", path:"/courses/41538", description:"Beginning in the fall semester of 2014 Beginning Hindi and Beginning Urdu will be merged into a single course, Beginning Hindi-Urdu. At the beginning level spoken Urdu and Hindi are identical except for a few minor points. The broad outline of the course will thus remain the same as that of the current Beginning Hindi and Urdu courses. Students will learn to communicate with the language in a variety of everyday culturally authentic situations. Additional Urdu and Hindi culture will be integrated through authentic materials such as Bollywood film and music clips, and simple written texts. There will be equal emphasis on both scripts and cultures, and parallel written materials will be provided in both scripts. Students will be expected to develop first-year proficiency in one script of their choice, and will be encouraged to learn both. By merging the two courses students will be exposed to a broader range of linguistic and cultural styles, and students will thus have the opportunity to develop a deeper understanding that more closely resembles that of Hindi and Urdu native speakers. Please direct further inquiries to Josh Pien at jpien@sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT PROP&BUS LAW FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"39821", path:"/courses/39821", description:"Engineers are often on the front line of innovation. The goal of this course is to introduce engineering students to the basics of Intellectual property (IP) and business laws that they will encounter throughout their careers. Understanding these laws is critical for the protection of IP and for the creation and success of high-tech start-up ventures. Market advantage in large part springs from a company's IP. Without legal protection and correct business formation, proprietary designs, processes, and inventions could be freely used by competitors, ruining market advantage. A basic understanding of IP laws, contractual transactions, employment agreements, business structures, and debt-equity financing will help engineering students to become effective employees or entrepreneurs, to acquire investors, and to achieve success. Though open to students of all disciplines, the course will use case studies particular relevance to students of engineering and applied science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ARTIFICIAL INTELL", number:"null", id:"36928", path:"/courses/36928", description:"Artificial Intelligence is considered from the point of view of a resource-limi knowledge-based agent who must reason and act in the world. Topics include log automatic theorem proving, search, knowledge representation and reasoning, natural language processing, probabilistic reasoning, and machine learning. Programming assignments in Python.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BIOLOGY OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"42429", path:"/courses/42429", description:"This course will examine the ways in which humans manipulate - and have been manipulated by - the organisms we depend on for food, with particular emphasis on the biological factors that influence this interaction. The first part of the course will cover the biology, genetics, evolution, and breeding of cultivated plants and animals; the second part will concern the ecological, economic, and political factors that influence food production. Lab activities include demonstrations and field trips to local farms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW PRODUCT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"36137", path:"/courses/36137", description:"Examination of the marketing aspects of products or services exclusive of their promotion, pricing or distribution. Focuses on decisions regarding product introduction, positioning, improvements, and deletion, and the tools available for making these decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"43014", path:"/courses/43014", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 011. This course aims to further develop the four language skills of students to the novice-high level by building on materials covered in KORN 011. Students will learn how to use three speech styles (polite formal, informal, and intimate) appropriately in a given context. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to handle simple and elementary needs of daily lives and talk (and write) about a variety of topics such as family, college life, birthday celebration, shopping, Korean food, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH SERVICES SYS", number:"null", id:"40836", path:"/courses/40836", description:"This course provides an overview of the evolution, structure and current issues in the health care system. It examines the unique features of health care as a product, and the changing relationships between patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, employers, communities, and government. The course examines three broad segments of the health care industry: payors, providers and suppliers. Within the payor segment, the course examines the sources and destinations of spending, managed care (HMOs, PPOs),employer based health insurance, technology assessment, payor strategy, and efforts to pay for the elderly, the poor & the medically indigent. Within the provider segment, the course examines the impact of cost containment and competition on hospitals and integrated delivery systems, long term care and disease management, and the important role of epidemiology in assessing population health needs and risks. Within the supplier segment, the course will examine developments in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical devices, genomics and IT industries. NOTE: This is a required course for Wharton Graduate Health Care Management majors; it counts as an elective course for all other Wharton Graduate students. It is also open to Law School and Nursing School students with a joint Wharton Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: QUALITY CARE CHALLENGES IN AN EVOLVING HEALTH CARE MARKET", number:"null", id:"43227", path:"/courses/43227", description:"Quality care is an issue for consumers, providers, purchasers, and policy makers. This case study examines the multiple challenges that surround the quality of health care in the evolving United States health care marketplace. Through classroom discussion and special project experience, the student will become familiar with the concept of health care quality and approaches to the measurement and management of quality. Using Donabedian's construct of structure, process and outcomes, strategies to improve quality while containing or reducing costs are reviewed, including the contributions of clinical practice guidelines. The evolving dominant structures for providing health care services, managed care and integrated delivery systems, and their approaches to quality management and reporting will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"39657", path:"/courses/39657", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS 17TH-CENTURY LIT: MILTON", number:"null", id:"39877", path:"/courses/39877", description:"This course explores an aspect of 17th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINARS IN THRY & COMP", number:"null", id:"36191", path:"/courses/36191", description:"Advanced seminar in topics of music theory and compositions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAP & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"44528", path:"/courses/44528", description:"This elective half-semester course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of the typical high-growth potential early stage start-up company. The course is fundamentally pragmatic in its outlook. It will cover seven principal areas relevant to the privately held high-growth start-up which include: commentary on the venture capital industry generally, as well as a discussion of the typical venture fund structure and related venture capital objectives and investment strategies; common organizational issues encountered in the formation of a venture backed start-up, including issues relating to initial capitalization, intellectual property and early stage equity arrangements; valuation methodologies that form the basis of the negotiation between the entrepreneur and the venture capitalist in anticipation of a venture investment; the challenges of fundraising, financing strategies and the importance of the business plan and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"41262", path:"/courses/41262", description:"Students prepare an honors thesis in economics over the academic year, supervised by a faculty member of their choice. In both semesters students present their work in progress to the class. Any student intending to do empirical work in the thesis should have completed ECON 103 and ECON 104.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS I", number:"null", id:"38901", path:"/courses/38901", description:"Thermodynamics is the study of the fundamental concepts underlying the conversion of energy in such mechanical systems as internal and external combustion engines (including automobile and aircraft engines), compressors, pumps, refrigerators, and turbines. This course is intended for students in mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, materials science, physics and other fields. The topics include: Basic definitions, microscopic and macroscopic points of view; properties of pure substances and reversibility and irreversibility, the thermodynamic temperature scale, entropy, availability, second law analysis, power and refrigeration cycles and their engineering applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"44016", path:"/courses/44016", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"38329", path:"/courses/38329", description:"Review of regular and context-free languages and machine models. Turing machines and RAM models, Decidability, Halting problem, Reductions, Recursively enumerable sets, Universal TMs, Church/Turing thesis. Time and space complexity, hierarchy theorems, the complexity classes P, NP, PSPACE, L, NL, and co-NL. Reductions revisited, Cook-Levin Theorem, completeness, NL = co-NL. Advanced topics as time permits: Circuit complexity and parallel computation, randomized complexity, approximability, interaction and cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIRE AND DEMAND", number:"null", id:"40922", path:"/courses/40922", description:"Does consumption shape culture or does culture shape consumption? As even the most mundane purchase becomes socially symbolic and culturally meaningful we can persuasively argue that the concept of 'need' has been transformed. Analyzing a variety of physical and virtual consumer venues, the goal of this seminar is to understand and to analyze historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. We investigate social and political-economic factors that impact when and how people purchase goods and argue that behavior attached to consumption includes a nexus of influences that may change periodically in response to external factors. Readings and research assignments are interdisciplinary and require a critical analysis of global/local linkages. The city of Philadelphia becomes the seminar's laboratory as we ask: how have issues of culture, consumption, and global capitalism become intertwined around the world?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR SYSTEMS THEORY", number:"null", id:"37141", path:"/courses/37141", description:"This graduate-level course focuses on continuous and discrete n-dimensional linear systems with m inputs and p outputs in a time domain based on linear operators. The course covers general discussions of linear systems such as, linearization of non-linear systems, existence and uniqueness of state-equation solutions, transition matrices and their properties, methods for computing functions of matrices and transition matrices and state-variable changes. It also includes z-transform and Laplace transform methods for time-invariant systems and Floquet decomposition methods for periodic systems. The course then moves to stability analysis, including: uniform stability, uniform exponential stability, asymptotic stability, uniform asymptotic stability, Lyapunov transformations, Lyapunov stability criteria, eigenvalues conditions and input-output stability analysis. Applications involving the topics of controllability, observability, realizability, minimal realization, controller and observer forms, linear feedback, and state feedback stabilization are included, as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40692", path:"/courses/40692", description:"This course will give the student an introduction to the sociological study of medicine. Medical sociology is a broad field, covering topics as diverse as the institution and profession of medicine, the practice of medical care, and the social factors that contribute to sickness and well-being. Although we will not explore everything, we will attempt to cover as much of the field as possible through four thematic units: (1) the organization and development of the profession of medicine, (2) the delivery of health-care, especially doctor-patient interaction, (3) the social and cultural factors that affect how illness is defined, and (4) the social causes of illness. The class will emphasize empirical research especially but not only quantitative research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL ECON & PSYCH", number:"null", id:"41998", path:"/courses/41998", description:"Our understanding of markets, governments, and societies rests on our understanding of choice behavior, and the psychological forces that govern it. This course will introduce you to the study of choice, and will examine in detail what we know about how people make choices, and how we can influence these choices. It will utilize insights from psychology and economics, and will apply these insights to domains including risky decision making, intertemporal decision making, and social decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE III", number:"null", id:"43051", path:"/courses/43051", description:"American Sign Language (ASL) at the Intermediate I level. Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner, including, but not limited to, narrative production. Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"37101", path:"/courses/37101", description:"This course will provide an introduction to computation and data analysis using MATLAB - an industry standard programming and visualization environment. The course will cover the fundamentals of computing including: variables, functions, decisions, iteration, and recursion. These concepts will be illustrated through examples and assignments which show how computing is applied to various scienti?c and engineering problems. Examples will be drawn from the simulation of physical and chemical systems, the analysis of experimental data, Monte Carlo numerical experiments, image processing, and the creation of graphical user interfaces. This course does not assume any prior programming experience but will make use of basic concepts from calculus and Newtonian physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECENT AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"35921", path:"/courses/35921", description:"This course examines major developments in United States history since the Great Depression, a tumultuous period that gave birth to many of our contemporary debates about the responsibilities of government, the possiblity of radical social change, and the meaning of citizenship. Reading primary documents alongside historical accounts, we will address the building of the New Deal state; the emergence of the United States as a superpower; the domestic and international repercussions of the Cold War; the impact of mass consumption, suburbanization, and new technologies; the civil rights movement and other drives for social change; the cultural and political fallout of the Vietnam War; transformations in gender roles and the family; and the end of the 'American century.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE FOUNDATIONS", number:"null", id:"39729", path:"/courses/39729", description:"This course introduces basic concepts and techniques in the foundational study of programming languages. The central theme is the view of programs and programming languages as mathematical objects for which precise claims may be made and proved. Particular topics include operational techniques for formal definition of language features, type systems and type safety properties, polymorphism, constructive logic, and the Coq proof assistant. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective. Undergraduates who have satisfied the prerequisites are welcome to enroll. No permission from the instructor is needed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"45294", path:"/courses/45294", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ACCOUNTING", number:"null", id:"40878", path:"/courses/40878", description:"The first part of the course presents alternative methods of preparing managerial accounting information, and the remainder of the course examines how these methods are used by companies. Managerial accounting is a company's internal language, and is used for decision-making, production management, product design and pricing and for motivating and evaluating employees. Unless you understand managerial accounting, you cannot have a thorough understanding of a company's internal operations. What you learn in this course will help you understand the operations of your future employer (and enable you to be more successful at your job), and help you understand other companies you encounter in your role as competitor, consultant, or investor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOL OF LAND ECOSYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35855", path:"/courses/35855", description:"Origin and diversification of land ecosystems. Interaction between plants and animals. Effects of past climatic change and other external factors. The importance of past changes in land ecosystems to our understanding of current global change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN WEST", number:"null", id:"38735", path:"/courses/38735", description:"This course explores the social and cultural history and current views of the many Wests we think we know. In 1872, President Grant established Yellowstone National Park, only the first of many national and state nature reserves in the west. Even while the Parks were widely celebrated, in 1876 Grant allowed miners and land speculators into the Black Hills, or Paha Sapa, land long considered sacred by the Lakota peoples and 'protected' for them as recently as 1868 Treaty of Laramie. From this pairing of events in the 1870s spring the many overlapping themes this course will address: Native peoples, their beliefs and material cultures, pressured by the arrival of scattered industries (gold rushes, silver and copper mining); irregular sources of industrial and banking capital from England, New York, Chicago, and elsewhere; the arrival of the US Army in 1851, then a break removing troops for the Civil War, then their renewed and constant appearance from 1866 on and the making and breaking of other treaties; the irregular scattering of land speculators and dirt farmers, even while the US government insisted the Sioux and Cheyennes, among other peoples, not disturb the passage of planters on the Oregon Trail, even as their hunting grounds were enclosed by the Union Pacific and North Pacific railroads by 1870. Naturalists,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED STUDY: GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MGMT IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"40870", path:"/courses/40870", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"37473", path:"/courses/37473", description:"Syllabus for MATH 370-371: an introduction to the basic concepts of modern algebra. Linear algebra, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices, groups, rings and fields. MATH 502-503 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN REDEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"36622", path:"/courses/36622", description:"This course is divided into three segments: a brief historical background on the origins and changing goals of urban redevelopment; a detailed review of contemporary housing problems and the implementation of program responses by public, private and neighborhood groups; an overview of economic development efforts with a focus on a series of contemporary projects as case studies. The format is that of a seminar, mixing lecture, discussion, and guest speakers who are responsible for housing and economic development in the Philadelphia area. The focus is not only on policy choices but on the mechanics of financing, implementation, and attaining employment goals. The course requirements include a take-home, mid-term essay of 5-7 pages, a final case study, and tours of development projects in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO MODRN S.ASIA LIT: NEW LITERATURES OF RESISTANCE AND REPRESENTATIONS", number:"null", id:"40662", path:"/courses/40662", description:"This course provides an introduction to the literatures of South Asia - chiefly India, Pakistan, and Bangladesh- between 1500 and the present. We will read translated excerpts from literary texts in several languages - Braj, Persian, Hindi, Urdu, Bengali, Marathi, Malayalam, and Tamil - and explore the relationship between these literary texts and their historical contexts. No prior knowledge of South Asia is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"36099", path:"/courses/36099", description:"This course is an introduction to the critical management skills involved in planning, structuring, controlling and leading an organization. It provides a framework for understanding issues involved in both managing and being managed, and it will help you to be a more effective contributor to organizations that you join. We develop a 'systems' view of organizations, which means that we examine organizations as part of a context, including but not limited to environment, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people and outputs. We consider how managerial decisions made in any one of these domains affect decisions in each of the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"40601", path:"/courses/40601", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"41218", path:"/courses/41218", description:"Today, Japanese manga, anime, J-pop, and film have a global audience. But these exports can only be truly understood in light of longstanding domestic anxieties about sex, violence, gender, and 'the kids these days.' More recent concerns about the country's declining birthrate, weakening geopolitical position, and vulnerability to natural and anthropogenic disaster also deeply influence Japanese media products. This course explores some of these anxieties through critical examinations of manga, anime, video games, television, music, and fashion in Japan. Film screenings include work by directors Kon Satoshi, Otomo Katsuhiro, Takahata Isao, Miyazaki Hayao; Itami Juzo, and Takita Yojiro; manga excerpts include work by Tezuka Osamu, Urasawa Naoki, and Yazawa Ai. Secondary readings include scholarship in anthropology, history, sociology, literature, film studies and religious studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTMP POL,POLICY,JOURN", number:"null", id:"42590", path:"/courses/42590", description:"A course on the modern media and its impact on government and politics. It primarily covers the post-Watergate/post-Vietnam era of journalism, the past quarter century. Each week focuses on specific topics and areas of post-Watergate journalism, as well as current press coverage of national events over the prior week. This course gives students the opportunity to interact and discuss the intersection of the press, politics, and public policy with some of the leading practitioners in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH COMM & ACAD WRITING", number:"null", id:"38407", path:"/courses/38407", description:"Students will improve the grammar, word choice and organization of their professional writing by completing weekly writing assignments and a full-length research paper. Students will also give short oral presentations and receive feedback on pronunciation, wording, grammar and organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOVATION", number:"null", id:"44728", path:"/courses/44728", description:"The course is first and foremost an intensive, integrative, project course in which student teams create one or more real businesses. Some businesses spun out of the course and now managed by alumni include Terrapass Inc. and Smatchy Inc. The project experience is and exciting context in which to learn key tools and fundamentals useful in innovation, problem solving, and design. Examples of these tools and fundamentals are: problem definition, identification of opportunities, generating alternatives, selecting among alternatives, principles of data graphics, and managing innovation pipelines. The course requires a commitment of at least 10 hours of work outside of class and comfort working on unstructured, interdisciplinary problems. Students with a strong interest in innovation and entrepreneurship are particularly encouraged to enroll. Please read carefully the syllabus posted on-line before registering for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"43008", path:"/courses/43008", description:"This course is the equivalent to JPAN 111 + JPAN 112, and completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II and Basic kanji book I (L.11 - L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx.250/recognitio-approx 350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FICTION WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"38457", path:"/courses/38457", description:"This course emphasizes the study and practice of basic techniques of short fiction, with assignments divided between readings and discussion of student-written material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"45141", path:"/courses/45141", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WELL WOMEN HEALTH CARE, THEORY", number:"null", id:"37697", path:"/courses/37697", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of physical, emotional, socio-cultural and educational needs of gynecologic primary health care of women from adolescence through post-menopausal years. The content is directed at expanding the expertise of the student in in meeting the primary women's health care needs in contemporary society. Social influences that have an impact on women's lives are also explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOFTWRE DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"41167", path:"/courses/41167", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, inheritance, and interfaces. This course will also focus on best practices and aspects of software development such as software design, software testing, pair programming, version control, and using IDEs. Substantial programming assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"41331", path:"/courses/41331", description:"This is a first course in applied statistics and probability for students in engineering. The course covers basic concepts of probability, discrete and continuous random variables, probability distributions, data description techniques, random samples, estimations, hypothesis testing, regression, and statistical quality control.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ETHICS", number:"null", id:"38402", path:"/courses/38402", description:"The practice of engineering requires more than creativity, diligence, and technical knowledge: it demands the tools to manage the conflicting needs of clients, managers, and the public; an ability to act responsibly when problems arise; and, above all, strong communication skills. This course will examine the major ethical issues associated with engineering practice while enhancing students' technical writing. Through the study of important case studies like the Great Molasses Flood, the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, we will learn about the responsibilities of engineering professionals, as well as the causes and consequences of technological failure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"37028", path:"/courses/37028", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"42641", path:"/courses/42641", description:"An introduction to game theory and its applications to economic analysis. The course will provide a theoretical overview of modern game theory, emphasizing common themes in the analysis of strategic behavior in different social science contexts. The economic applications will be drawn from different areas including trade, corporate strategy and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GOVERNMENT RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"37243", path:"/courses/37243", description:"In a system of representative government, organizations and individuals with interests at stake often seek the support of a governement relations professional. This course addresses government relations from the varying perspectives of the current or aspiring professional, the client, and the government official. It is designed to provide the students with an introduction to government affairs and lobbying at the local, state, and federal levels of governement and to illustrate how lobbying and the lobbyists shape and affect public policy. The course is not designed as a how-to in lobbying, but, rather, it is designed to expose students to lobbying and, more importantly, the lobbying process. To that end, students will draw on many disciplines, such as psychology, law, history, political science, urban affairs, economics, foreign policy, domestic policy, and others, to understand the complex mosaic of the lobbying and legislative processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"41290", path:"/courses/41290", description:"This is a workshop for students who are interested in exploring a variety of approaches to poetry. Students will encounter a diverse series of readings, in-class writing activities, weekly writing assignments, and creative methods for heightening your abilities as a reader and writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"35818", path:"/courses/35818", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38665", path:"/courses/38665", description:"Introduction to deformation as a fundamental geologic process. Stress and strain; rock mechanics. Definition, measurement, geometrical and statistical analysis, and interpretation of structural features. Structural problems in the field. Maps, cross-sections, and three-dimensional visualization; regional structural geology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"40559", path:"/courses/40559", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"40069", path:"/courses/40069", description:"A continuation of GRMN 103. Expands students writing and speaking competence in German, increases vocabulary and helps students practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on weekly readings of literary and non-literary texts to facilitate exchange of information, ideas, reactions, and opinions. In addition, the readings provide cultural and historical background information. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, however, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. Students will conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENRSHP", number:"null", id:"36029", path:"/courses/36029", description:"Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical and intensive course that examines the critical legal and transactional issues confronting start-up and emerging growth companies. Although the context of the course is early stage companies, many of the concepts studied are equally applicable to more mature, established companies. The course provides perspective on how to use the law strategically to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize shareholder value. Topics include the enforceability of confidentiality, non-competition and other restrictive covenants in employment agreements; choice of business form including the legal, financial and tax advantages and disadvantages of general partnerships, limited partnerships, corporations and limited liability companies; tax and securities law; legal aspects of raising capital including structuring venture capital and private equity financing; entrepreneurial acquisition structures, employment law, and intellectual property law including trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ACTING", number:"null", id:"40755", path:"/courses/40755", description:"Rooted in the system devised by Constantine Stanislavsky, but incorporating a wide variety of approaches, including improvisation, this courtesies students step by step through the practical work an actor must do to live and behave truthfully on-stage. Beginning with relaxation and physical exercise, interactive games, and ensemble building, students then learn and put into practice basic acting techniques, including sensory work, the principles of action, objectives, given circumstances, etc. The semester culminates in the performance of a scene or scenes, most often from a play from the Realist tradition. This course strongly stresses a commitment to actor work and responsibility to one's fellow actors. Practical work is supplemented by readings from Stanislavsky and a variety of other acting theorists that may include Uta Hagen, Robert Cohen, Stella Adler, among others. Students are required to submit short essays over the course of the semester in response to the readings and in preparation for their final scene project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECN & GLOBAL ECONOM", number:"null", id:"40002", path:"/courses/40002", description:"This course is required for all students except those who, having prior training in macroeconomics, money and banking, and stabilization policy at an intermediate or advanced level, can obtain a waiver by passing an examination. The purpose of FNCE 613 is to train the student to think systematically about the current state of the economy and macroeconomic policy, and to be able to evaluate the economic environment within which business and financial decisions are made. The course emphasizes the use of economic theory to understand the workings of financial markets and the operation and impact of government policies. Specifically, the course studies the determinants of the level of national income, employment, investment, interest rates, the supply of money, inflation, exchange rates, and the formulation and operation of stabilization policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF RETAILING", number:"null", id:"38953", path:"/courses/38953", description:"This course explores the domain of retailing; marketing to the final consumer. Emphasis is placed on marketing aspects of retailing not covered in other courses: retail strategy, merchandising, vendor relations and location.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"39143", path:"/courses/39143", description:"This course is an introduction to philosopy in the ancient world. While today, philosophy is considered a branch of academic inquiry, many of the ancient Greeks and Romans, however, held a radically different conception of the discipline. For them, philosophy was nothing less than an entire way of life--not just a set of doctrines or arguments, but an orientation and set of lived practices, a conscious and continual reforming of the self in light of some principle or principles. In this course, we will examine the major movements and figures of ancient philosophy. Major figures will include Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, the Stoics, the Epicureans, and the Skeptics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE HISTORY & CIV", number:"null", id:"41231", path:"/courses/41231", description:"This seminar offers a thematic overview of the academic study of Chinese history from the Neolithic period to the 21st century. Over the course of the semester, students will be introduced to different scholarly approaches to the study of history through a close reading and analysis of the work of leading scholars in the field of Sinology. We will learn about the various subfields in the study of history, such as cultural history, social history, administrative and legal history, intellectual history, history of religion, literary history, history of gender, world history, and historiography, examine their different methodological frameworks and tools, and draw on them in order to problematize and enrich our understanding of Chinese culture. In addition, this seminar will provide incoming students with the relevant tools to produce original graduate-level research on all aspects of Chinese history, society, and culture and present it in a clear and persuasive fashion orally and in written form. While original-language research for the final project is encouraged, all course materials will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEM-ON-A-CHIP ARCH", number:"null", id:"42755", path:"/courses/42755", description:"Motivation, design, programming, optimization, and use of modern System-on-a-Chip (SoC) architectures. Hands-on coverage of the breadth of computer engineering within the context of SoC platforms from gates to application software, including on-chip memories and communication networks, I/O interfacing, RTL design of accelerators, processors, concurrency, firmware and OS/infrastructure software. Formulating parallel decompositions, hardware and software solutions, hardware/software tradeoffs, and hardware/software codesign. Attention to real-time requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SAMPLE SURVEY METHODS", number:"null", id:"37911", path:"/courses/37911", description:"This course provides an introduction to survey data collection. In meeting this objective, we examine the major planning tasks necessary for conducting surveys, including problem formulation, study design, questionnaire and interview design, pretesting, sampling, interviewer training and field management, code development and coding of data, and data cleaning and management. We critically explore the the design of surveys and collection of data from epistemological and ethical perspectives. Students will leave the class with a solid understanding of the basic process of survey data collection and a familiarity with its strengths and weaknesses as a method of inquiry into human behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"38323", path:"/courses/38323", description:"Continuation of CIS 400. Design and implementation of a significant piece of work: software, hardware or theory. Students are required to submit a final written report and give a final presentation and demonstration of their project. Grades are based on the report, the presentation and the satisfactory completion of the project. These are evaluated by the Project Adviser and the Course Instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF WORK", number:"null", id:"40686", path:"/courses/40686", description:"The material world is shaped and maintained through work, but so is the social world. How work is organized, allocated, and rewarded determines the opportunities people have for developing their own capacities, the kinds of ties they will have with others, and how much control they will have over their own lives. We will consider various sociological perspectives on work and compare alternative ways of organizing work, with a focus on the contemporary United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONEY AND BANKING", number:"null", id:"37037", path:"/courses/37037", description:"Money and Banking. This course studies the role that financial markets, institutions, and money play in resource allocation. Financial intermediation and the role of banks in the economic system are analyzed and the economic rationale behind banking regulation is studies. The course examines how monetary policy influences interest rates and asset markets, such as the bond market and the stock market. Finally, the instruments and goals of monetary policy are discussed, focusing in particular on credibility and commitment for central banks. All of the questions are explored analytically, using the tools of economic theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS IN GLOBAL POL ENVIR", number:"null", id:"42404", path:"/courses/42404", description:"This course examines the non-market components of business and the broader political, regulatory, and civil context in which companies function. This course addresses how businesses interact with political and regulatory institutions, as well as the general public, with a focus on the global economy. The first portion examines the realities associated with political economy and the actual making of laws and regulations by imperfect politicians and regulators. The second portion analyzes the economic rationale for legislation and regulation in the presence of market failures. The course covers specific market failures and potential solutions including government regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING HUMAN", number:"null", id:"38090", path:"/courses/38090", description:"Human evolutionary studies is a composite product of the fieldwork of both Paleolithic archaeology and human paleontology (or what we refer to as 'stones and bones'). This marriage of two subdisciplines of anthropology produces a unique set of data that is intellectually managed and driven by theories within anthropology as a whole and even beyond -- to fields such as biology, psychology, and primate ethology, as we try to understand the origins of language, culture, and our unique physical characteristics. In this course, we will jointly discuss and debate the actual evidence of human evolution, describing what the actual evidence is and exploring how far can we take these interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FILIPINO I & II", number:"null", id:"40912", path:"/courses/40912", description:"A continuation of ALAN 120, the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This course will develop the communicative competence of the students in handling limited communicative tasks, reading simple connected texts and writing short dialogues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: GLOBAL CITIES", number:"null", id:"45053", path:"/courses/45053", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES WRIT SEM CULTURAL", number:"null", id:"42270", path:"/courses/42270", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ROLES IN ADMINISTRATIVE NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"45246", path:"/courses/45246", description:"Offered at the end of the Nursing and Health Care Administration or Health Care Leadership programs, this course prepares the graduate for entry into a myriad of administrative or leadership roles. Students will explore role responsibilities for various levels of management positions; health care consultants; health policy advocates; global health leaders; staff development directors; and administrators in non-traditional settings i.e., journal editors, professional associations etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: SOCIAL POLICY: ECONOMICS OF CRIME AND CORRUPTION: AN INTERDISCIPLINARY PERSPECTIVE", number:"null", id:"44794", path:"/courses/44794", description:"Social policy is the study of human wellbeing and is concerned with the effects in areas of health care, criminal justice, inequality, and education, among others. As a PPE Capstone, this is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44716", path:"/courses/44716", description:"This course introduces basic concepts of operations management and application of the same in business practice today. We will examine the theoretical foundations of operations management and how these principles or models can be employed in both tactical and strategic decision making. Topics covered in detail are forecasting techniques, planning under deterministic and uncertain demand, operations planning and scheduling, queuing theory, service operations management, newsvendor models, risk pooling strategies in firms, capacity and revenue management, and supply chain coordination. We will conclude by discussing how supply chains evolve under technological change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE PEDAGOGY WRKSHP", number:"null", id:"36963", path:"/courses/36963", description:"The Workshop is intended to serve as a forum for first-time teachers of Latin or Greek. This will include discussing course-plans and pedagogical theories and strategies, collaborating on course materials, and addressing any concerns in the language courses presently being taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF STAGE DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36588", path:"/courses/36588", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of Scenic Design for the stage. Scene Design is about the look or physical appearance of the stage for a play. It reflects the way that the stage is composed artistically in regard to props, actors, shapes and color. We will explore Scene Design and the Theatre (story telling, place and local, time and period, society and culture) , Scene Design as a Visual Art (principals of design and composition, style, use of space, expression of concept) and examine how it ties together all the visual elements of a production to create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics will include: Script Analysis, Technical Production, Period Decor and Ornament; Drawing, Drafting, Model Making; and Scene Painting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL METHODS PSCI", number:"null", id:"44831", path:"/courses/44831", description:"The goal of this class is to expose students to the process by which quantitative political science research is conducted. The class will take us down three separate, but related tracks. Track one will teach some basic tools necessary to conduct quantitative political science research. Topics covered will include descriptive statistics, sampling, probability and statistical theory, and regression analysis. However, conducting empirical research requires that we actually be able to apply these tools. Thus, track two will teach how to implement some of these basic tools using the computer program Stata. However, if we want to implement these tools, we also need to be able to develop hypotheses that we want to test. Thus, track three will teach some basics in research design. Topics will include independent and dependent variables, generating testable hypotheses, and issues in causality. Students are expected to have one semester of Calculus or permission of instructor. The class satisfies the College of Arts and Science Quantitative Data Analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The History of Women and Men of African Descent at the University of Penn", number:"null", id:"42282", path:"/courses/42282", description:"Topics Vary. See the Africana Studies Program's website at www.sas.upenn.edu/africana for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METH IN MAT SCI", number:"null", id:"40365", path:"/courses/40365", description:"This laboratory course introduces students to a variety of experimental methods used in materials science and engineering. Hands-on training will be provided for atomic force microscopy, X-ray diffraction and scattering, mechanical testing with image capture, Rutherford backscattering, and dynamic light scattering. Students will use numerous software packages for data collection and analysis, as well as being introduced to LabVIEW as a method for customizing experiments. In addition, students will see demonstrations of scanning electron microscopy, transmission electron microscopy, and electron diffraction and analyze data from these methods", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTENSIVE ELEM GREEK", number:"null", id:"45177", path:"/courses/45177", description:"An introduction to the ancient Greek language for beginners, with explanation of basic grammatical concepts and intensive exercises in reading and writing. Ideal for undergraduates or graduate students from Penn or elsewhere with some background in learning other languages, or who need to learn Greek rapidly. The course covers the first year of college-level Greek, equivalent to GREK 101 + GREK 102 at more than twice the normal pace. For further information on Penn's Greek curriculum, visit the Classical Studies department website.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WELL WOMEN HEALTH CARE, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"37698", path:"/courses/37698", description:"This clinical course further prepares students in understanding and developing the Women's Health Care Nurse Practitioner and Nurse-Midwifery roles. This clinical course focuses on the management and evaluation of physical, emotional, socio-cultural and educational needs of gynecologic primary health care needs of women from adolescence through post-menopausal years. Emphasis is placed on promoting and maintaining wellness, clinical decision making, systematic health interview, physical assessment, interpretation of laboratory findings, and diagnosis and treatment of gynecological problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS DRAMA TO 1660: SHOCK THEATER", number:"null", id:"37077", path:"/courses/37077", description:"This course explores an aspect of drama before 1660 intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"43523", path:"/courses/43523", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts in those regions where Spanish is used . At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through readings, class discussions, and frequent writing assignments. This course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH", number:"null", id:"37925", path:"/courses/37925", description:"Spanish 121 is designed for students who have some prior experience in Spanish. This course provides a quick-paced review of material normally covered in a first-semester Spanish course and then proceeds to introduce new material so students will be prepared to take Spanish 130 during the subsequent semester. 

As other Spanish courses, Spanish 121 emphasizes the development of foundational reading, writing, listening, and speaking skills while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities that focus on meaningful and accurate communication skills in the target language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCEANOGRAPHY:  Oceans & Climate", number:"null", id:"44248", path:"/courses/44248", description:"The oceans cover over 2/3 of the Earth's surface. This course introduces basic oceanographic concepts such as plate tectonics, marine sediments, physical and chemical properties of seawater, ocean circulation, air-sea interactions, waves, tides, nutrient cycles in the ocean, biology of the oceans, and environmental issues related to the marine environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH OF SOC RES", number:"null", id:"42130", path:"/courses/42130", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to field methods in sociological research, with a focus on participant-observation and interviewing. During this course, students will read original research based on field methods and discuss their strengths, limitations, and ethical dilemmas. Most importantly, students will design their own research projects and become ethnographers and interviewers. Students will be guided through the fieldwork process from data collection to analysis, and will turn in multiple assignments and original research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"44389", path:"/courses/44389", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 011. This course aims to further develop the four language skills of students to the novice-high level by building on materials covered in KORN 011. Students will learn how to use three speech styles (polite formal, informal, and intimate) appropriately in a given context. Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to handle simple and elementary needs of daily lives and talk (and write) about a variety of topics such as family, college life, birthday celebration, shopping, Korean food, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, PHARMACOLOGY, AND THERAPEUTICS", number:"null", id:"45220", path:"/courses/45220", description:"Pathophysiologic concepts and processes are introduced with major emphasis on commonly occurring acute and chronic illnesses and their therapeutic interventions. Major classes of drugs that are used to support organ function are explored. The physiological and pathophysiological rationale for each drug indication, mechanisms of drug action, individualized dosing implications, and adverse drug events will be explored for prototypical agents used in the selected cases. The course will enhance the student's comprehension of the scientific complexity of therapeutic interventions in various conditions and will build upon the foundational sciences. Additionally the course will provide the student with sufficient scientific knowledge and skills to prepare administer and monitor drugs and therapies in a safe and effective manner.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS SEM PSYCH", number:"null", id:"37831", path:"/courses/37831", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in psychology. A two-semester sequence supporting the preparation of an honors thesis in psychology. Students will present their work in progress and develop skills in written and oral communication of scientific ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Art of the Sacred and Profane in the Ancient Greek World", number:"null", id:"39561", path:"/courses/39561", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE&MED GLOBAL SOUTH", number:"null", id:"37361", path:"/courses/37361", description:"Racialized medical provisions under Apartheid in South Africa, theories of racial immunity to malaria in the Philippines and contemporary investigations of caste-based disease risks in India are some of the topics to be covered in this course. From the more straightforward issues of racial discrimination in medicine, to more complex issues of racial immunity or racial susceptibility to disease, medicine and race have been entangled together in multiple ways. More importantly these issues are far from being matters of the past. Genomic medicine and risk society have combined to make race and medicine one of the most potent contemporary issues. Outside the Western World, in the Global South, these issues are further refracted through local cultural, historical and political concerns. This course will take a long-term view of these contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Middle Eastern Cities: Imperial, Colonial, National, Contemporary", number:"null", id:"35950", path:"/courses/35950", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE V", number:"null", id:"37435", path:"/courses/37435", description:"This is an advanced ASL course in which students expand their conversational and narrative range. While receptive readiness activities continue to be an important part of the class, the emphasis moves toward honing expressive sign skills through narrative presentation and ASL-only class discussions. Various aspects of Deaf culture and cultural behavior rules will be incorporated into the course. A large component of the course is a unit on Deaf history in which students read and discuss major events and famous deaf people via readings, film, class lectures and discussions, and other outside resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN POLITICS INTHE US", number:"null", id:"42016", path:"/courses/42016", description:"This course explores the political character of contemporary urban American life. Particular attention is given to the relationship between urban politics and policymaking -- including the structural and ideological factors (e.g., dynamics of political economy, race, ethnicity, pluralism and gender) that constrain the policy context and shape the urban environment as a terrain for commingling, competition and conflict over uses of space. It makes considerable use of case studies to throw into relief the complex and sometimes subtle processes that shape urban life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR DESIGN PROJ II-EE/SSE", number:"null", id:"35715", path:"/courses/35715", description:"This is the second of a two term sequence in electrical and systems engineering senior design. Student work will focus on completing the product prototype design undertaken in ESE 450 and successfully implementing the said product prototype. Sucess will be verified using experimental and/or simulation methods appropriate to the project that test the degree to which the project objectives are achieved. Each project team will prepare a poster to support a final project presentation and demonmstration to peers, faculty and external judges. The course will conclude with the submission of a final project written team report. During the semester there will be periodic project reviews with individual teams.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42550", path:"/courses/42550", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of distributed systems, and the design principles for building large scale computational systems. Topics covered include communication, concurrency, programming paradigms, naming, managing shared state, caching, synchronization, reaching agreement, fault tolerance, security, middleware, and distributed applications. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"39037", path:"/courses/39037", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMANCE LANG-ELEM I: ELEMENTARY QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"42082", path:"/courses/42082", description:"Quechua, the language of the Inca Empire and still spoken by approximately 6 million people throughout the Andes, is the most popular indigenous language of South America. The program focuses on the development of written and oral communicative abilities in Quechua through an interactive activity-based approach. Course includes an introduction to Quechua and Andean culture. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities. Assessment is based on both students ability to use the language in written and oral tasks and understanding the language and culture. This beginning level Quechua course is designed for students who have little or no previous knowledge of the language. Lectures will be delivered in English and Quechua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE HONORS PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"39886", path:"/courses/39886", description:"An essay of substantial length on a literary or linguistic topic, written under the supervision of a faculty adviser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREN LIT: LOVE & PASSION", number:"null", id:"41462", path:"/courses/41462", description:"This basic course in literature provides an overview of French literature and acquaints students with major literary trends through the study of representative works from each period. Students are expected to take an active part in class discussion in French. French 231 has as its theme the presentation of love and passion in French literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROSEMINAR IN NURSING INNOVATION", number:"null", id:"36291", path:"/courses/36291", description:"This course is designed to provide an exploration of innovation in society, health care, and nursing. It will provide a broad overview of innovation from historical to current times and from a variety of disciplines. It will focus on promoting innovation and discovery and its translation to policy, the health care system and nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on having scholars develop their individual approach to innovation and strategize implementation and evaluation strategies for innovation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW I", number:"null", id:"37294", path:"/courses/37294", description:"An introduction to the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew. This course assumes no previous knowledge of Hebrew. A grade of B- or higher is needed to proceed to HEBR 052, Elementary Modern Hebrew II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP VERT ANATOMY & EVOL", number:"null", id:"35402", path:"/courses/35402", description:"This course will survey the phylogeny and anatomy of vertebrate organisms from a comparative evolutionary perspective. The lecture will concentrate on the history, diversity, structure and function of vertebrates. A companion lab course, BIOL 336, is available for those students interested in a more complete understanding of vertebrate anatomy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIALS SELECTION", number:"null", id:"43159", path:"/courses/43159", description:"Throughout mankind's history, materials have played a critical role in civilization and technology. The selection of materials has been based on availability and functionality. The rapid advances of materials technologies in the last 150 years, however, have made nearly all classes and forms of materials available, at a cost. These costs include the dollars and cents costs that typically accompany the use of stronger, lighter materials, but environmental costs are also important and significant. Therefore, in theory at least, materials selection can now proceed on a rational basis as an optimization process involving performance and costs - both financial and environmental. In this course, we will focus on structural applications where mechanical design is central. By the end of the course, the students can expect to acquire a level of engineering familiarity with a broad range of materials, and be prepared to undertake responsible material design projects in the future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS FOR WHARTON STU", number:"null", id:"38871", path:"/courses/38871", description:"Differential calculus, integral calculus, series, differential equations and elements of multivariable calculus, with an emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHIL: DIGITAL ART", number:"null", id:"39455", path:"/courses/39455", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Philosophy, the study of the nature and theory of reality, existence, and knowledge. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIC SCHOLARS PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"43579", path:"/courses/43579", description:"The Civic Scholars Proseminar is the gateway, interdisciplinary course for first-year students in the Penn Civic Scholars Program, a four-year certificate program integrating scholarship and civic engagement. The course, open only to first-year Civic Scholars, provides context for students' future engagement, academic work, and program participation throughout their undergraduate experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Media, Activism, and Social Movements", number:"null", id:"45291", path:"/courses/45291", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC LATIN", number:"null", id:"39764", path:"/courses/39764", description:"Advanced study in Latin for students enrolled in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"41883", path:"/courses/41883", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of children in a variety of ambulatory settings. Opportunity to implement the role of nurse practitioner with children and their families in the community occurs under the guidance of faculty and experienced preceptors. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Collaborative, interdisciplinary practice is emphasized as students assess and manage common problems in consultation with an appropriate provider of care. 20 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor is arranged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TELEGU II", number:"null", id:"44991", path:"/courses/44991", description:"This course continues tudents to the basic Telugu language skills, with an emphasis on practice for listening comprehension, and speaking Telugu. Combined with exposure to Andhra culture, the classroom and online work in this course will enable interested students to pursue further language study in Telugu at the intermediate level, to carry out field research in Andhra Pradesh, or to prepare them to advanced work in Telugu Studies. An introduction to Telugu like this will also be useful for students who just want to acquire basic Telugu language skills for learning a new language or being able to communicate with Telugu speaking family and friends or to enjoy Telugu music and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIOLENCE AND THE SACRED", number:"null", id:"37237", path:"/courses/37237", description:"This course, the theme of which changes from semester to semester, provides an introduction to important trends in twentieth-century literature. Please check the French Department's website for the course description. https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MURDERING THE PAST:  SPANISH POST-FRANCO NARRATIVE BY WOMEN", number:"null", id:"42160", path:"/courses/42160", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CULTURE OF BIRTH", number:"null", id:"36228", path:"/courses/36228", description:"This course will explore the cultural context of birth and the activities of women and professionals and/or attendants in meeting the health care needs of pregnant women. The history of caring for women at birth, international health care, cultural mores/societal values, place of birth, psychosocial factors, ethical decision-making and the role of technology are content areas that will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICS, MEDIA, & PUBLIC DIPLOMACY", number:"null", id:"35556", path:"/courses/35556", description:"This Spring 2015 advanced level seminar focuses on the relationship between U.S. and global politics and the media. It examines the complex and often paradoxical relationship between politics and media, the role of journalism today, and the definition of media and related normative questions. In addition, this course focuses on the changing and critically important role of public diplomacy-the way the U.S. and other nations communicate to the world. This course is designed to provide students an overview of the above subjects and to acquaint them with key areas of related literature-sensitizing them as well to the complex interaction between politics and the press. In addition to a roughly 5000-word paper covering a relevant subject selected by students, the course will help develop important pragmatic skills in terms of verbal and short-form communications. For some classes, a number of highly accomplished special guests will be utilized to highlight individual perspectives on the topics below.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARTH THROUGH TIME", number:"null", id:"35843", path:"/courses/35843", description:"Origin of Earth, continents, and life. Continental movements, changing climates, and evolving life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CUNEIFORM LANGUAGES", number:"null", id:"40234", path:"/courses/40234", description:"Cuneiform is one of the world's oldest writing systems, capturing the words of people living in the Near East over 4000 years ago. This class introduces students to the different languages and cultures that used this script from its inception in the fourth millenium BCE to its extinction in the first century CE. We will investigate the challenges of studying ancient languages and explore the linguistic and cultural diversity represented in cuneiform texts. This class should be of interest to students considering a major in linguistics, anthropology or Near Eastern languages and civilizations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM FRENCH: ACCELERATED", number:"null", id:"37220", path:"/courses/37220", description:"French 112 is an intensive elementary language course covering the equivalent of French 110 and 120 in one semester. Students must have a departmental permit to register. The course is normally open only to students who have no previous knowledge of French, and who have already fulfilled the language requirement in another language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPLEX HEALTHCARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"36236", path:"/courses/36236", description:"This two-part course provides the didactic and clinical experiences in increasingly complex nursing care situations and environments which facilitate the students' transition to independent practice. In the lecture component, the focus is on the integration of knowledge and skill for nursing practice and develops the ability of students to see nursing practice as part of a complex system. It examines systems thinking and complexity, development of a leadership role and skills, inter-professional communication and teamwork, and leading change in healthcare organizations. This course also examines the nurse's role in improvement science and patient care delivery, focusing on quality improvement processes, patient safety, nurse sensitive process and outcome metrics with micro-systems. This course also allows students to develop the capacity for clinical expertise, leadership, and for translating the science of the profession into practice. Students also are assigned to a seminar component that is correlated with their selected site for the specialty clinical practicum. This aspect of the course allows the student to develop additional expertise in a specialty area of practice and to develop competences specific to that population of patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41755", path:"/courses/41755", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR DESIGN PROJ I-EE/SSE", number:"null", id:"39938", path:"/courses/39938", description:"This is the first of a two-semester sequence in electrical and systems engineering senior design. Student work will focus on project/team definition, systems analysis, identification alternative design strategies and determination (experimental or by simulation) or specifications necessary for a detailed design. Project definition is focused on defining a product prototype that provides specific value to a least one identified user group. Students will receive guidance on preparing professional written and oral presentations. Each project team will submit a project proposal and two written project reports that include coherent technical presentations, block diagrams and other illustrations appropriate to the project. Each student will deliver two formal Powerpoint presentations to an audience comprised of peers, instructors and project advisors. During the semester there will be periodic individual-team project reviews.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & INTERMEDIATE CLINICAL PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"39095", path:"/courses/39095", description:"This course focuses on the implementation of the professional role of the Pediatric Acute Care Nurse Practitioner (PNP-AC). Particular emphasis is placed on the role components of the nurse practitioner in pediatric acute care. Applications of nursing, biological and behavioral science are emphasized in the advanced clinical assessment, clinical decision making and management skills needed to care for complex, unstable acutely and chronically ill children and their families. The role of the advanced practice nurse in promoting optimal child/family outcomes is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHUG RESEARCH SCHOLARS: Wharton Research Scholars", number:"null", id:"42240", path:"/courses/42240", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF LANGUAGE: Philosopy of Language", number:"null", id:"39163", path:"/courses/39163", description:"This course provides an overview of 20th century analytic philosophy of language. Here are some of the questions we will ask: How do words refer? How do they combine to express thoughts? How do words relate to ocncepts or to thoughts more generally? What do words and sentences mean? How do we use them to communicate with each other? How does word and sentence meaning depend on the contexts in which they are spoken or heard, or on stable features of environments of linguistic speakers? Prerequisites: This course will be most suitable for advanced undergraduates and graduate students in philosophy or linguistics; others need instructor's permission. Familarity with symbolic logic is highly recommended, but not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIO-MOLEC BIO LIFE", number:"null", id:"36818", path:"/courses/36818", description:"An intensive introductory lecture course covering the cell, molecular biology, biochemistry, and the genetics of animals, bacteria, and viruses. This course is comparable to Biology 101, but places greater emphasis on molecular mechanisms and experimental approaches. Particular attention is given to the ways in which modern cell biological and molecular genetic methods contribute to our understanding of evolutionary processes, the mechanistic basis of human disease, and recent biotechnological innovations. Students are encouraged to take BIOL 121 and 123 concurrently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RSRCH SKILLS GLBL HLTH: APPLIED RESEARCH SKILLS IN GLOBAL COMMUNITY HEALTH", number:"null", id:"43710", path:"/courses/43710", description:"While political borders remain, social and human borders fall with the increasing movement of people, ideas, and resources across geographies. What is global becomes local. While biomedical and counting sciences advance, the human experience and influence remain core to understanding behavior, beliefs, and awareness. What is human remains paramount. The Maya Western Highlands of Guatemala are undergoing health changes (trauma, maternal-infant health, diabetes, mental health) through economic development and continued human migration to and from the US. The Cobbs Creek neighborhood in West Philadelphia is also facing epidemics of non-communicable diseases. In this context, Applied Skills in Global Community Health will provide academic and professional skills development in comparing the role of culture, history and politics in the health of a population in transition (demographic, nutritional, epidemiologic, economic) in both settings. Classroom work will occur in the spring of each year combined with a short (1 wk) field experience in the Western Highlands of Guatemala. In addition students will examine health and community research in the Cobbs Creek neighborhood of West Philadelphia. Students may substitute 10 week field work as part of the companion course ANTH 403 for the 1 week experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"41677", path:"/courses/41677", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying real and complex numbers, sequences, series, continuity, differentiability and integrability. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY ABROAD: OAXACA", number:"null", id:"39041", path:"/courses/39041", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEASUREMENT OF PHYSIOLOGIC VARIABLES RELATED TO HEALTH OUTCOME DISPARITY", number:"null", id:"44706", path:"/courses/44706", description:"This graduate course is an advanced exploration of biometric methods (branch of science that includes the measurement of physiological variables and parameters) and their use in quantitative research. A particular focus will be on biological measures that can be used as outcome variables to evaluate interventions to promote health and health equity, and reduce health outcome disparities in vulnerable or marginalized populations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CLAY: THE POTTER'S WHEEL AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"42781", path:"/courses/42781", description:"In this introductory clay class, students will learn all the fundamental skills needed to create three- dimensional forms in clay using a variety of methods: wheel throwing, handbuilding (such as coil building and slab construction), and press molding. Whether creating utilitarian forms or creating sculpture, projects are designed to strengthen both craftsmanship and individual creativity. In addition to developing a working knowledge of the ceramic process, including surface treatments and glazing, students will also be introduced to design issues as well as contemporary art/ceramics topics that influence our aesthetic sensibilities. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SPANISH", number:"null", id:"40711", path:"/courses/40711", description:"The purpose of this course is twofold: (a) to develop students' communicative abilities in Spanish, that is, speaking, listening, reading and writing, and (b) to increase their awareness and understanding of Hispanic cultures and societies. Homework and classroom activities are designed to help students build their oral proficiency, expand and perfect their knowledge of vocabulary and grammatical structures, improve their reading and writing skills, and develop their critical thinking abilities. The material for this class includes short stories, newspaper articles, poems, songs, cartoons, video clips and a novel, such as Sergio Bizio's Rabia. At the completion of this course students will feel confident discussing and debating a variety of contemporary issues (cultural and religious practices, family relationships, gender stereotypes, political events, immigration to the USA, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"36309", path:"/courses/36309", description:"Operations strategy is about organizing people and resources to gain a competitive advantage in the delivery of products (both goods and services) to customers. This course approaches this challenge primarily from two perspectives: 1) how should a firm design their products so that they can be profitably offered; 2) how can a firm best organize and acquire resources to deliver its portfolio of products to customers. To be able to make intelligent decisions regarding these high-level choices, this course also provides a foundation of analytical methods. These methods give students a conceptual framekwork for understanding the linkage between how a firm manages its supply and how well that supply matches the firm's resulting demand. Specific course topics include designing service systems, managing inventory and product variety, capacity planning, approaches to sourcing and supplier management, constructing global supply chains, managing sustainability initiatives, and revenue management. This course emphasizes both quantitative tools and qualitative frameworks. Neither is more important than the other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATHEMATICAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"37956", path:"/courses/37956", description:"Decision theory and statistical optimality criteria, sufficiency, point estimation and hypothesis testing methods and theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL LINGUISTCS", number:"null", id:"42552", path:"/courses/42552", description:"Computational approaches to the problem of understanding and producing natural language text and speech, including speech processing, syntactic parsing, semantic interpretation, discourse meaning, and the role of pragmatics and world knowledge. The course will examine both rule-based and corpus-based techniques. It is recommended that students have some knowledge of logic, basic linguistics, and/or programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICS FOR SERVICES", number:"null", id:"43306", path:"/courses/43306", description:"This course covers a range of analytical methods that are useful tools for capacity management in services, and it will provide you with insights into the economics of a range of services businesses including (i) High-level planning models that account for multiple dimensions of service capacity, (ii) Low-level models of system congestion that capture the relationship between capacity choices, quality of service and, in some cases, system revenue, (iii) Statistical estimation and forecasting models to characterize key measures of future supply and demand.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL ECONOMIC HISTORY: Global Economic History: Structure and Change", number:"null", id:"35971", path:"/courses/35971", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"39343", path:"/courses/39343", description:"Spanish for Business I provides advanced-level language students with technical vocabulary and communicative skills covering business concepts as they apply to the corporate dynamics of the Spanish-speaking world, with a special emphasis on Latin America. Through readings, presentations, discussions, and video materials, we shall analyze those cultural aspects that characterize the business environment in the region as well as focus on economies and markets in light of their history, politics, resources and pressing international concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"38259", path:"/courses/38259", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 100.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT I", number:"null", id:"40707", path:"/courses/40707", description:"Spanish 135 is a first-semester intermediate-level medical Spanish language course that emphasizes the development of the four basic skills (reading, writing, listening, and speaking), and the acquisition of medical terminology. Students will be expected to participate in classroom activities such as role-plays based on typical office and emergency procedures in order to develop meaningful and accurate communication skills in the target language. Students will also review and acquire forms and structures useful both inside and outside the medical field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"37022", path:"/courses/37022", description:"This course provides an introduction to the economic method for analyzing public policy questions. It develops the implications of this method for the role of government in a market economy and for the analysis of specific public projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR DESIGN PROJ I-EE/SSE", number:"null", id:"37139", path:"/courses/37139", description:"This is the first of a two-semester sequence in electrical and systems engineering senior design. Student work will focus on project/team definition, systems analysis, identification alternative design strategies and determination (experimental or by simulation) or specifications necessary for a detailed design. Project definition is focused on defining a product prototype that provides specific value to a least one identified user group. Students will receive guidance on preparing professional written and oral presentations. Each project team will submit a project proposal and two written project reports that include coherent technical presentations, block diagrams and other illustrations appropriate to the project. Each student will deliver two formal Powerpoint presentations to an audience comprised of peers, instructors and project advisors. During the semester there will be periodic individual-team project reviews.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIL WARS", number:"null", id:"36415", path:"/courses/36415", description:"This course examines the causes, dynamics, and resolution of civil wars. The first section of the course examines competing theoretical arguments regarding causes of civil war, looking at how economic and political grievances may motivate groups to rebel against the government; why political leaders may sometimes encourage violence; and what role factors such as ethnicity, national identity, and a sense of insecurity play in the initiation of internal conflict. The second section of the course looks at how civil wars are fought, with discussion of guerilla warfare, counterinsurgency strategies, terrorism, and the role of humanitarian aid in conflict settings. In the third part of the course, focusing on the resolution of internal conflicts, topics include international intervention and peacekeeping; negotiated political arrangements such as power-sharing and partition; and post-conflict justice strategies such as domestic and international trials and truth commissions. Throughout the course, we will consider specific cases of civil war - for example, wars in El Salvador, Kosovo, the Philippines, Sierra Leone, Sudan, and Uganda.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL TRADE", number:"null", id:"42648", path:"/courses/42648", description:"Structure of the world economy; theory of international trade; economic growth and international trade; international trade policy: developed countries; developing countries. Direct investment, technology transfers, and the multinational firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"44031", path:"/courses/44031", description:"The intermediate Hungarian II course continues EEUR123. Class documents and activities enable students to develop functional intermediate Hungarian competency by exploring Hungary and its culture, reading authentic online news sources, practicing listening and comprehension skills via video and audio material, researching cultural events and traditions, and exploring Hungarians' everyday lives. At the end of the semester, students will be able to participate and pass their Oral Competency Exit Interview on intermediate level and discuss topics, such as student life, family, friends, academic and student life activities/interests, travel, shopping, and cultural events.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: GLOBALIZATION INEQUALITY", number:"null", id:"43616", path:"/courses/43616", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS VISUAL STUDIES?", number:"null", id:"36631", path:"/courses/36631", description:"Visual Studies 301 is a seminar-format course that challenges students to develop independent ideas about how the eye, the mind and the image that is created therein, all work together to inform our conception of the world at large. Rather than present a unified viewpoint, the course asks the question, 'What is visual studies?' by examining parallel and sometimes antagonistic approaches to the ways that human beings understand sight and the concept of visuality. Over the course of the semester, students will discuss and write about various approaches to vision, examining this contested field through the lenses of several disciplines -- including psychology, philosophy, and art history. By parsing and assimilating diverse ideas, students will decide for themselves what are the most pertinent and relevant approaches to the various avenues of research that present themselves in the emerging interdisciplinary field of Visual Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: GLOBALIZATION INEQUALITY", number:"null", id:"40800", path:"/courses/40800", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44210", path:"/courses/44210", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIV WRITG & WORLD: WRITING ACROSS BORDERS", number:"null", id:"44063", path:"/courses/44063", description:"A creative writing workshop devoted to writing in and across various social, political, geographical, and historical contexts. Offerings may include Writing Toward Diaspora, Writing the City, Writing and the Environment, or other topics and themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: SELF-CARE OF CHRONIC ILLNESS", number:"null", id:"43226", path:"/courses/43226", description:"This case study introduces the role of self-care by patients with chronic illness. We will discuss the history, definitions, predictors, and outcomes of self-care in various chronically ill populations. A focus of discussion will be an in depth exploration of the factors that influence self-care. Understanding these factors will prepare nurses for their role in promoting patient self-care. Fieldwork experiences will enable students to gain practical experience in engaging chronically ill individuals in self-care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATGIC MKTG SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"41764", path:"/courses/41764", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, Marketing 613 is an intensive immersion course designed to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The central activity will be participation in a realistic integrative product management simulation named SABRE. In SABRE, students will form management teams that oversee all critical aspects of modern product management: the design and marketing of new products, advertising budgeting and design, sales force sizing and allocation, and production planning. As in the real world, teams will compete for profitability, and the success that each team has in achieving this goal will be a major driver of the class assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE: Managing the Emerging Enterprise", number:"null", id:"40315", path:"/courses/40315", description:"The management of emerging enterprises - new, small, entrepreneurial organizations - creates a range of multi-faceted challenges for the entrepreneur, whether the founder (and founding team) or the first generation of management. Establishing an emerging organization's unique business model or value proposition (not to mention its survival) is often the overriding preoccupation, but even in a new, small organization, managers need to under- stand how to develop the internal workings of a new firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account ever-increasing globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that successful management in the 21st century requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy. The course has three main parts. The first major part of the course will deal with fundamental issues of strategy, examining issues central to the long- and short-term competitive position of an enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"41773", path:"/courses/41773", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to develop and implement powerful models of customer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these methods for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales forecasting, analyses of media usage, customer valuation, and targeted marketing programs. These same techniques are also very useful for other types of business (and non-business) problems. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO AFRICANA STUDIES", number:"null", id:"38051", path:"/courses/38051", description:"The aim of this course is to provide an interdisciplinary examination of the complex array of African American and other African Diaspora social practices and experiences. This class will focus on both classic texts and modern works that provide an introduction to the dynamics of African American and African Diaspora thought and practice. Topics include: What is Africana Studies?; The History Before 1492; Creating the African Diaspora After 1500; The Challenge of Freedom; Race, Gender and Class in the 20th Century; From Black Studies to Africana Studies: The Future of Africana Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING PUBLICATIONS: INTRO TO INDEPENDENT PUBLISHING AND ARTISTS' PUBLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"35748", path:"/courses/35748", description:"This course introduces students to independent publishing and artists' publications through print methods in letterpress, Risograph, and Xerox. The class will focus on the self-published artists' zine/book as an affordable, accessible, and easily reproducible format for exploring ideas, disseminating artists' work, and collaborating across disciplines. Students will learn a range of skills, including techniques in both mechanized and hand-pulled forms of printed media (Risograph, copy machine, Vandercook letterpress); short- run editions and binding; design and layout; pre-press and print production; and the web as it relates to and supports independent and democratic modes of distribution. Students will learn about and become acquainted with some of the most significant independent publishers working today and throughout history. Students will leave class having completed three individual projects: a 16-page booklet/zine; a carefully considered online publication, and a final collaborative book designed, developed and published as a class. The course commences with a field trip to New York City's Printed Matter, one of the oldest and most important nonprofit facilities dedicated to the promotion of artists' books, where students will be encouraged to submit a publication by semester's end.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"39338", path:"/courses/39338", description:"Spanish 140, the continuation of Spanish 130, is a fourth-semester language course that offers students the opportunity to acquire communicative skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) while developing their awareness and appreciation of the Spanish-speaking world. Topics studied may include the environment, the arts, social relations, and conflict and violence.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS AND YOU: Exploring Business Pathways and Developing Your Potential", number:"null", id:"40874", path:"/courses/40874", description:"WH 101 is the first step of the Leadership Journey at Wharton. The course is designed to fuel students' unique interests in academic, research, and professional pursuits; to raise awareness of the complexity of business; and to increase understanding of the interrelatedness of business disciplines. Students will also acquire greater awareness of their strengths and leadership potential as members of the Wharton community and as future professionals. Students will come to appreciate that leadership is an act and best developed through study, feedback from trusted colleagues and peers, and stretch experiences that stimulate growth and development. Students will also begin to hone skills essential to the pursuit of personal, academic, and professional goals: thinking creatively, analyzing problems, applying what you have learned, and reflecting on learnings. A case-analysis project will engage students with the community through helping local agencies examine business challenges that they face.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISCOUS FLUID FLOW", number:"null", id:"44491", path:"/courses/44491", description:"This is an intermediate course that builds on the basic principles of Fluid Mechanics. The course provides a more in depth and unified framework to understand fluid flow at different time and length scales, in particular fiscous flows. Topics include review of basic concepts, conservation laws (momentum, mass, and heat), fluid kinematics, tensor analysis, Stokes' approximations, non-Newtonian fluid mechanics, and tubulence. The course will explore important modern topics such as microfluidics, swimming of micro-organisms, wind turbines, rheology, biofluid mechanics, and boundary layers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTHROPOLOGY & THE WORLD'S FAIRS", number:"null", id:"35282", path:"/courses/35282", description:"From the middle of the 19th century to well into the 20th, the nations of the world staged international expositions, or world's fairs. These gatherings of hundreds of exhibitors and millions of visitors were the Internet of their day: a way to exchange information, explore new technologies, meet foreigners, promote commerce, and exhibit art. They were seen as encyclopedias, or miniature worlds, that gathered together all of human knowledge in one place. For the colonial powers of the Victorian era, it was also a way to boldly display the natural resources they controlled and the peoples they conquered. For the discipline of anthropology, the fairs provided an opportunity to define itself as an essential tool in understanding this rapidly changing world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGE OF CAESAR", number:"null", id:"35532", path:"/courses/35532", description:"A course on Roman culture and society in a period of tumultuous political change, the lifetime of Julius Caesar (100-44BCE). Focuses on the interplay between shifting political and military realities and developments in social organization and literary production at Rome and in the wider Mediterranean world. The reception of Caesar in later ages will also be considered. Readings (all in translation) will include Catullus, Cicero, Lucretius, Plutarach, Sallust, Suetonius, and, of course, Caesar himself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE III", number:"null", id:"41106", path:"/courses/41106", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN112, this is the third course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 450-500 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes. In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given on each lesson.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTINATIONAL MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40301", path:"/courses/40301", description:"Multinational management is the study of the international corporation and the global political and economic environment. This course provides an introduction to the more advanced offerings. It covers the historical origins of the multinational corporation, the economics of trade, money and investment in the world economy, and the policies and behavior of governments and international organizations. We place considerable emphasis in understanding the national and historic origins of the international firm, as well as on current issues regarding emerging economies and shifts in the political economy of global markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECH II", number:"null", id:"38305", path:"/courses/38305", description:"This is an introductory course about Basic Algorithms and Data Structures using the Java programming language. We introduce elementary concepts about the complexity of an algorithm and methods for analyzing the running time of software. We describe data structures like stacks, queues, lists, trees, priority queues, maps, hash tables and graphs, and we discuss how to implement them efficiently and how to use them in problems-solving software. A larger project introducing students to some of the challenges of software development concludes the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 2", number:"null", id:"43513", path:"/courses/43513", description:"The continuation of Spanish 115, Spanish 125 is a second-semester elementary medical Spanish language course. See the description of Spanish 115.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEAF CULTURE", number:"null", id:"36037", path:"/courses/36037", description:"This course is an advanced/conversational ASL course that explores several key topics related to Deaf Culture. Using only ASL in class, students will read and discuss books, articles, and films related to the following topics: What is Deaf Culture?, The History of the Deaf American, Communication Issues and Pathological Perspectives on Deafness, Deafness and Education, Deaf/Hearing Family Dynamics, and Deaf Theatre, Arts, and Poetry. Vocabulary, grammar, and idioms related to the topics will be presented through direct instruction as well as through the course of class conversation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORK IN A CHANGING WORLD", number:"null", id:"39321", path:"/courses/39321", description:"Topics vary from semester to semester. Some which have been offered in the past include Race in the City; Africian Urbanization; Sociology of Jewry; Law & Social Change; Tourism, Culture & Society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMEDIATE SPAN", number:"null", id:"43515", path:"/courses/43515", description:"During the spring semester, Spanish 134 is limited to those students who have satisfied the language requirement in another language. During the summer, (at the Penn campus and the Penn-in-Buenos Aires Summer Abroad Program), Spanish 134 is open to all students. Spanish 134 is an intensive intermediate-level language course that covers the material presented in Spanish 130 and Spanish 140. The course emphasizes the development of the four canonical skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in a meaningful context. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense and major uses of the subjunctive, and the development of writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRACTICAL DATA ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35568", path:"/courses/35568", description:"This course provides a hands-on introduction to data analysis for social science, with a focus on examples from the criminal justice system. Students will gain experience with the practical side of statistics by learning to explore, analyze, interpret, and present data - tasks which permeate both the academic and professional practice of criminology (and many other fields). The course will provide instruction on how to use Excel, Stata, and ArcGIS to answer questions of interest, as well as insight into how professionals use data in practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTL DEGRADATION", number:"null", id:"38990", path:"/courses/38990", description:"This course is designed to provide an understanding of the corrosion principles and the engineering methods used to minimize and prevent corrosion. Metals and alloys are emphasized because these are the materials in which corrosion is the most prevalent. Aqueous environments are also emphasized these are the common corrosion conditions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY IN AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"39381", path:"/courses/39381", description:"Energy is at the center of many discussions of today's world. How central is an apparently unlimited supply of energy to a helthy economy? What is the importance of sources of energy supply to national security? How can we expend the energy we need to foster human life as we know it without allowing climate change to disrupt the existing global environments that sustain the lives of humans and other living species in accustomed ways? How crucial is the current level of energy use to patterns of American consumption, and how willing are Americans to alter their consumption habits in order to reduce energy use? What is the connection between various sources of energy and the relationships of social, economic, and political power tht exist in the U.S. today. This course will examine changes in energy sources, energy use, and energy technolgoeis across American history in order to help students understand how the U.S. and the world arrived at its present situation with regard to energy and to understnad the complex technological, environmental, social, eocnomic, and political challenges implicit in any effort to modify the current trajectories of energy use.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METROPOLITAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"38000", path:"/courses/38000", description:"In order to understand the complex and often skewed relationship between the built and natural systems, we must think in processes and examine different scales simultaneously. The course explores urban sustainability and resilience. At its core, sustainability is a radical concept that integrates the economy, equity (social justice), and the environment. Co-opted by marketing slogans, stripped of meaning and context, it has become vague and pliable. Sustainability and resilience demand a holistic systems view of the world. The course focuses on communities such as New Orleans and Eastwick where urban development has focused on economic concerns at the expense of the environment and equity resulting in unintended, and sometimes, catastrophic consequences. Students will have the opportunity to interact with community residents who have organized to develop strategies to address these ongoing issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DIRECTING", number:"null", id:"42199", path:"/courses/42199", description:"This class will introduce the basic principals of stage directing, beginning with the fundamentals of three-dimensional storytelling in script and character analysis. The aim of this course is to provide students with a basic knowledge of directing through an introduction to the functional tools of the craft. Classes provide lectures and practical work in dealing with topics such as the function of the director, analyzing a script, visual composition, blocking, stage business, and working with actors. This course is a prerequisite for Advanced Directing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PSYCHOPHARMACOL", number:"null", id:"45105", path:"/courses/45105", description:"This course examines the history, rationale and putative mechanism of action of drugs used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Emphasis is placed on neurobiological processes underlying psychopathology and pharmacological intervention. Drugs currently in use as well as new drugs in development will be covered. Strategies, techniques, issues and challenges of clinical psychopharmacological research will be addressed and new approaches to drug discovery, including the use of pharmacogenomics and proteomics to understand variability in drug response and identify new molecular drug targets, will be covered in depth. Specific drug classes to be considered include antidepressants, anxiolytics, typical and atypical antipsychotics, narcotic analgesics, sedative hypnotics, and antiepileptic medications. A contrasting theme throughout the course will be the use of drugs as probes to identify neural substrates of behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & COMPET ADVANTAGE: Strategy and Competitive Advantage", number:"null", id:"37527", path:"/courses/37527", description:"This course is concerned with strategy issues at the business unit level. Its focus is on the question of how firms can create and sustain a competitive advantage. A central part of the course deals with concepts that have been developed around the notions of complementarities and fit. Other topics covered in the course include the creation of competitive advantage through commitment, competitor analysis, different organizational responses to environmental changes, modularity, and increasing returns. An important feature of the course is a term-length project in which groups of students work on firm analyses that require the application of the course concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECIPHERING AMERICA", number:"null", id:"37304", path:"/courses/37304", description:"This course examines American history from the first contacts of the indigenous peoples of North America with European settlers to our own times by focusing on a few telling moments in this history. The course treats twelve of these moments. Each unit begins with a specific primary document, historical figure, image, location, year, or cultural artifact to commence the delving into the American past. Some of these icons are familiar, but the ensuing deciphering will render them as more complicated; some are unfamiliar, but they will emerge as absolutely telling. The course meets each week for two 50-minute team-taught lectures and once recitation session. Course requirements include: in-class midterm and final exams; three short paper assignments; and punctual attendance and participation in recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSYC: ANATOMY OF VIOLENCE", number:"null", id:"39457", path:"/courses/39457", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Psychology, the study of the human mind, its functions, and its behaviors. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INQUISITORS, HERETICS AND WITCHES", number:"null", id:"41542", path:"/courses/41542", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHIP I", number:"null", id:"43180", path:"/courses/43180", description:"Introduction to and development of principles of tonal voice-leading, harmonic function, counterpoint, and form through written analysis, composition, improvisation, and written work. Course covers diatonic harmony and introduction to chromaticism. Repertoires will focus on Western classical music. Musicianship component will include sight-singing, dictation keyboard harmony. Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING BENGALI I", number:"null", id:"36796", path:"/courses/36796", description:"This course introduces students to colloquial Bengali. It gives equal emphasis to each of the four skills, reading, writing, listening, and speaking. Language will be studied in the context of socio-cultural aspects of West Bengal and Bangladesh. Besides lessons from the text, a major portion of the syllabus will be based on topics drawn from films, cultural events, festivals, food, and religion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR SEM: WORLD AFTER 1800: AFRICA IN WORLD HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40117", path:"/courses/40117", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPANISH CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"39340", path:"/courses/39340", description:"Must be a resident of the Modern Language College House.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Marketing Strategy", number:"null", id:"37564", path:"/courses/37564", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF WOMEN AND INFANTS", number:"null", id:"41833", path:"/courses/41833", description:"This course emphasizes the child-bearing cycle, and the related issues of maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. It also explores women and infant's health care and health promotion needs across the lifespan. It provides a global perspective, and uses the United Nations' Pillars of Safe Motherhood and World Health Organization's Millennium Development Goals as the vehicles to enable students to understand the interrelationships among issues of health and health promotion; social, economic, political and environmental contexts; and the care of women across the lifespan. Clinical experiences provide opportunities for students to understand the connections between the local and the global; to use their developing knowledge base to affect the health of women and their infants. Students will have opportunities for hospital-based care of child-bearing women and their infants. In addition, community-based experiences with individual women and with groups of women across the life cycle will be provided in order to enhance teaching, interviewing and assessment skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAIN SCIENCE & PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"44669", path:"/courses/44669", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN CIVIL RELIGION", number:"null", id:"38743", path:"/courses/38743", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"43811", path:"/courses/43811", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Mendelian and molecular genetics will be discussed as well as the use of genetic analysis to address questions in all areas of biology. The processes of DNA replication, transcription, and translation will be discussed at the molecular level. Other topics include the regulation of gene expression and genomics. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: BREAST FEEDING & HUMAN LACTATION", number:"null", id:"40427", path:"/courses/40427", description:"Human milk is recognized universally as the optimal diet for newborn infants. The health benefits of breastfeeding are so significant that a National Health Objective set forth by the Surgeon General of the United States for the year 2010 is to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies in the postpartum period. Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course will provide an in depth examination of the anatomy and physiology of lactation, essential aspects of establishing and maintaining lactation, and the nurses' role in counseling the breastfeeding family. Emphasis will be placed on current research findings in the content area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35345", path:"/courses/35345", description:"Properties of signals and systems and examples of biological and biomedical signals and systems; Signal operations, continuous and discrete signals; Linear, time invariant systems; Response of systems characterized by linear constant-coefficient differential equations; Fourier analysis of signals and systems with applications to biomedical signals and systems; Introduction to filtering, sampling and sampling theorem. Examples vary from year to year, but usually include signals such as the ECG and blood pressure wave, and systems of foot-ankle prostheses, signal coding in the auditory system and cochlear implants, and applications in retinal image sampling. Students should note that the course is very demanding mathematically and the prerequisites will not be waived.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Classical Myth in the Western Tradition", number:"null", id:"39560", path:"/courses/39560", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL CORP FINAN", number:"null", id:"42806", path:"/courses/42806", description:"Analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics include managing exchange risk through hedging and financing, measuring exchange rate exposure, calculating the cost of capital for foreign operations, assessment of sovereign risks, capital budgeting from a project and parent perspective, and international taxation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM & THE PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"39786", path:"/courses/39786", description:"This course will examine the vital aspect of communication as a tool of the modern Presidency. Reading and class discussions will focus on case studies drawn from modern Presidential administrations (beginning with FDR) that demonstrate the elements of successful and unsuccessful Presidential initiatives and the critical factor of communication, common to both. This course is also an introduction to primary research methods and to the use of primary research materials in the Presidential Library system. Applications for course available in the Undergraduate Office. Preference given to ComPS students. Majors only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN&TECH OF APP MATH II", number:"null", id:"44111", path:"/courses/44111", description:"This course is a continuation of ENM 520 (or equivalent) and deals with classcial methods in applied mathematics. The topics to be covered include: Functions of a Complex Variable, Partial Differential Equations, Asymptotic and Perturbawtin Methods, and Convex Analysis and Variational Methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EDUC: NATION OF IMMIGRANTS", number:"null", id:"42255", path:"/courses/42255", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Education, the study of learning processes, organizations, and institutions that shape human education. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY, MEMORY, AND NOSTALGIA IN MODERN EUROPE", number:"null", id:"44325", path:"/courses/44325", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMIC MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"37554", path:"/courses/37554", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, the goal of this course is to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The course will focus on issues such as the selection of which businesses and segments to compete in, how to allocate resources across businesses, segments, and elements of the marketing mix, as well as other significant strategic issues facing today's managers in a dynamic competitive environment. 

A central theme of the course is that the answer to these strategic problems varies over time depending on the stage of the product life cycle at which marketing decisions are being made. As such, the PLC serves as the central organizing vehicle of the course. We will explore such issues as how to design optimal strategies for the launch of new products and services that arise during the introductory phase, how to maximize the acceleration of revenue during the growth phase, how to sustain and extend profitability during the mature phase, and how to manage a business during the inevitable decline phase.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GIFTS, COMMODITIES, AND THE MARKET: ANTHROPOLOGY OF THE ECONOMY", number:"null", id:"43692", path:"/courses/43692", description:"What is the difference between a farmer's market in West Philadelphia and a bazaar in Cairo? What is the meaning of a gift between friends? What about gifts between enemies? What are the origins, meaning, and purpose of money? What is the relationship between politics and the economy? This course will begin to answer these questions by introducing the field of economic anthropology. The economy is not an isolated phenomenon: it is interconnected with socio-cultural and political factors, thus challenging our conception of what is truly considered to be economic. By highlighting the cultural diversity of economic systems across time and space, including our own contemporary, global economy, students will learn what can be considered natural about the economy, and what is contingent on historical factors of culture, society, or politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: PROSE", number:"null", id:"40203", path:"/courses/40203", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 102 or equivalent (such as placement score of 550). Introduction to continuous reading of unadapted works by Latin authors in prose(e.g., Cornelius Nepos, Cicero, Pliny), in combination with a thorough review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss questions of language and interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENVS: LAW, ENVIRONMENT, IDENT", number:"null", id:"36651", path:"/courses/36651", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCES IN HEALTH SYSTEMS RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"43234", path:"/courses/43234", description:"Capstone Course for NURS/WH Joint Degree Students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AQUEOUS GEOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"41488", path:"/courses/41488", description:"This course is designed to provide the graduate student with an understanding of the fundamentals of aqueous geochemistry.The chemistry of water,air and soil will be studied from an environmental perspective.The nature, composition, structure, and properties of pollutants coupled with the major chemical mechanisms controlling the occurrence and mobility of chemicals in the environment will also be studied.Upon completion of this course, students should expect to have attained a broad understanding of and familiarity with aqueous geochemistry concepts applicable to the environmental field. Environmental issues that will becovered include acid deposition, toxic metal contamination, deforestation,and anthropogenic perturbed aspects of the earth's hydrosphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISCOUS FLUID FLOW", number:"null", id:"36093", path:"/courses/36093", description:"This is an intermediate course that builds on the basic principles of Fluid Mechanics. The course provides a more in depth and unified framework to understand fluid flow at different time and length scales, in particular fiscous flows. Topics include review of basic concepts, conservation laws (momentum, mass, and heat), fluid kinematics, tensor analysis, Stokes' approximations, non-Newtonian fluid mechanics, and tubulence. The course will explore important modern topics such as microfluidics, swimming of micro-organisms, wind turbines, rheology, biofluid mechanics, and boundary layers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY: WINDOW TO THE HUMAN PAST", number:"null", id:"43682", path:"/courses/43682", description:"This course will introduce students to the methods and theory of archaeology by exploring how we turn archaeological data into statements about cultural behavior. We will discuss the place of archaeology in the broader field of anthropology and debate issues facing the discipline today. The course will rely on case studies from around the world and from many different time periods to introduce students to the research process, field and lab methods, and essential questions of archaeological anthropology. Students will have the opportunity to work hands-on with archaeological materials through visiting the galleries and working with Penn Museum collections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM PHYS INITIATIVE", number:"null", id:"40546", path:"/courses/40546", description:"This is an Academically Based Community Service Course (ABCS). It will be aligned to the Philadelphia School District curriculum in introductory physics at University City High School (UCHS). The UCHS curriculum roughly parallels the contents of first semester introductory physics (non-calculus) at Penn.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"41834", path:"/courses/41834", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD. OPT. PHYS.&SPECTROS", number:"null", id:"44789", path:"/courses/44789", description:"Introduction to contemporary optics. Topics include propagation and guiding of light waves, interaction of electromagnetic radiation with matter, lasers, non-linear optics, coherent transcient phenomena, photon correlation spectroscopies and photon diffusion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL LAW HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"39214", path:"/courses/39214", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: The Analysis of Presidential Elections, Conservative Political Economy, and Political Geography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"39724", path:"/courses/39724", description:"The goal of the senior design coruse is to provide students with an opportunity to define, design and execute a significant project. Project subjects may revolve around software, hardware or computational theory. Students must have an abstract of their Senior Project, which is approved and signed by a Project Advisor early in the Fall semester. The project is expected to span two semesters; students must enroll in CIS 401 during the second semester. At the end of the first semester, students are required to submit an intermediate report and give a presentation describing their project and progress. Grades are based on technical writing skills (as per submited report) presentation skills and progress on the project. These are evaluated by the Project Adviser and the Course Instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARMA,BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"44293", path:"/courses/44293", description:"Arranged with members of the Faculty of the Health Care Systems Department. For further information contact the Department office, Room 204, Colonial Penn Center, 3641 Locust Walk, 898-6861.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PATHOGENESIS OF MENTAL DISORDERS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"40450", path:"/courses/40450", description:"The conceptual and practice application of brain-behavior relationships for individuals with mental health and psychiatric conditions is developed in this course. Students learn interview and differential diagnostic skills toscreen for neuropsychological etiologies of mental disorders such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorders, mood disorders and anxiety disorders. The course reviews specific theories of etiology and diagnostic classifications found in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-Fourth Edition- Text Revision (DSM IV- TR). Students develop the ability to make critical decisions as they learn finer points of differentiial diagnosing of mental disorders using a case based method of learning, allowing students to focus on specific populations such as aged, adults, adolescents, anchildren.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"44726", path:"/courses/44726", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISSERTATION SEMINAR I", number:"null", id:"43287", path:"/courses/43287", description:"Advanced study and research in nursing leading to the completion of the dissertation proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EST ENTERPRISE", number:"null", id:"36109", path:"/courses/36109", description:"The management of large, established enterprises creates a range of multi-facet challenges for the general manager. A general manager needs to understand the internal workings of a firm, how to assess and create a strategy,an how to take into account increasing, globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that successful management in the 21st century requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR ENTREPRENEURSHP LAB", number:"null", id:"44006", path:"/courses/44006", description:"Engineering Entrepreneurship Lab applies the principles of engineering and engineering entrepreneurship to a real-world problem of your specific field of study or professional interest. You will develop a venture based on a high-tech concept of your choosing (the one that you submitted as part of your application to the course). Like its prerequisite, EAS545 Engineering Entrepreneurship I, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. 

Throughout the course you will formulate and test hypothesesusing Lean Startup methodologies to develop key aspects of the ventureincluding product development, customer and market development, team building and operations, and financial modeling and planning. The primary objective of the course is to develop a venture characterized by market-driven, high-tech product-service offering with a clear and validated product-market fit, an operational plan to bring your offering to market, and a plan to secure the resources required forexecution of your plan. As discussed in EAS545, primary market research is essential to achieving product-market fit and validating all aspects o fyour business model. The success of your venture and your grade in the course will depend on the results of this research and testing process. Ideally, your work in this course results in pursuit of your high-tech venture outside of class and beyond the hallowed halls of Penn!", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH & MED IN MOD AMER", number:"null", id:"42968", path:"/courses/42968", description:"Medicine as it exists in contemporary America is profoundly technological; we regard it as perfectly normal to be examined with instruments, to expose our bodies to many different machines; and to have knowledge produced by those machines mechanically/electronically processed, interpreted and stored. We are billed technolgoically, prompted to attend appointments technologically, and often buy technologies to protect, diagnose, or improve our health: consider, for example, HEPA-filtering vacum cleaners; air-purifiers; fat-reducing grills; bathroom scales; blood pressure cuffs; pregancy testing kits; blood-sugar monitoring tests; and thermometers. Yet even at the beginning to the twentieth century, medical technolgies were scarce and infrequently used by physicians and medical consumers alike. Over the course of this semester, we will examine how technology came to medicine's center-stage, and what impact this change has had on medical practice, medical institutions and medical consumers - on all of us!", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: Coordinator for Transitional Care", number:"null", id:"41840", path:"/courses/41840", description:"An opportunity to develop and implement an individual plan of study under faculty guidance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING THAI II", number:"null", id:"42308", path:"/courses/42308", description:"Beginning Tibetan II will develop fundamentals of teh modern Tibetan language in its literary and spoken forms. Students will continue learning to read Tibetan and analyze Tibetan grammatical forms. Students will also continue learning conversational Tibetan, and increase familiarity with the structures of spoken grammar and pronunciation. This course will provide a foundation for reading Tibetan literature, both classical and modern, and for speaking Tibetan. Rich and colorful cuture of Tibet will be part of the curriculum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Statistical Reasoning for Behavioral Science", number:"null", id:"43762", path:"/courses/43762", description:"For permits please see: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/lps/graduate/mbds/permit-request The complexity of human behavior exceeds that of most phenomena studied in the natural sciences. Any inference about human behavior and decision-making has to rely on statistical methods (rather than on deterministic modeling). In this class, we will learn the methods of descriptive and inferential statistics commonly used in behavioral science starting from the very basics and advancing to most commonly used. In this sense, this is a class on theoretical statistics. We will go beyond theory, though, and learn to apply these methods to answer our own research questions. As such, this is also a class on applied statistics. Wewill rely heavily on statistical programming languages (namely, R) and version control systems (Git) to create statistical reports. This class will thus have an element of programming. Finally, we will work with new research inthe field and learn to critically assess the statistical methods used therein. Statistics are a powerful tool, but they can be misused. Ronald Coase once said 'If you torture the data enough, nature will always confess.' Responsible researchers do not engage in torture, but many you will encounter ddo. In this sense, this is a class about lying with data. After completing", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ISLAM INTELLECT TRADITIO", number:"null", id:"39023", path:"/courses/39023", description:"This comprehensive survey of the traditions of rational thought in classical Islamic culture is distinguished by its attempt to contextualize and localize the history of what is best described as philosophy in Islam, including not only the Islamic products of the Hellenistic mode of thought but also religious and linguistic sciences whose methodology is philosophical. Reading history as a set of local contingencies, the course examines the influence of these different disciplines upon each other, and the process of the Islamic 'aspecting' of the Greek intellectual legacy. The readings thus include not only the works of Hellenized philosophers (falasifa) of Islam, but also those of theologians (mutakallimun), legists (fiqh scholars), and grammarians (nahw/lugha scholars). No prerequisites. Additional advanced-level assignments can be given for graduate credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS MEDIEVAL LIT: CHIVALRY, MONSTROSITY, ROMANCE", number:"null", id:"38478", path:"/courses/38478", description:"This seminar explores an aspect of medieval literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Topics in the past have included the medieval performance, medieval women, and medieval law and literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS&MOD SEMICON DEV", number:"null", id:"39930", path:"/courses/39930", description:"Semiconductor materials form the basis of modern electronic technology. This course develops the physics of semiconductor devices, the evolution of modern semiconductor technology, device engineering considerations, and introduces emerging technologies. The course stresses intuitive understanding of the physics through interactive exercises, instructional videos, in-class examples and a research project. Topics covered include an introduction to quantum mechanics and band theory of solids; physics governing charge carriers in semiconductors; fundamental operating mechanisms for p-n junctions, bipolar and field-effect transistors, and optoelectronic devices; and an introduction t nanoscale devices and the limits of transistor scaling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NORTHERN BAROQUE ART", number:"null", id:"40965", path:"/courses/40965", description:"Northern Baroque art comprises seventeenth-century paintings and prints from Flanders and Holland. Featured artists include: Pieter Bruegel, Hendrick Goltzius, Peter Paul Rubens, Anthony van Dyck, Frans Hals, Rembrandt, and Vermeer. Topics considered include innovations of various kinds--starting with portraits and society, landscapes, still-life, and scenes of daily life (genre pictures).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCH SYS ANALYSIS SIMUL", number:"null", id:"37130", path:"/courses/37130", description:"Stochastic systems analysis and simulation (ESE 303) is a class that explores stochastic systems which we could loosely define as anything random that changes in time. Stochastic systems are at the core of a number of disciplines in engineering, for example communication systems and machine learning. They also find application elsewhere, including social systems, markets, molecular biology and epidemiology. The goal of the class is to learn how to model, analyze and simulate stochastic systems. With respect to analysis we distinguish between what we could call theoretical and experimental analysis. By theoretical analysis we refer to a set of tools which let us discover and understand properties of the system. These analysis can only take us so far and is usually complemented with numerical analysis of experimental outcomes. Although we use the word experiment more often than not we simulate the stochastic system in a computer and analyze the outcomes of these virtual experiments. 

The class's material is divided in four blocks respectively dealing with Markov chains, continuous time Markov chains, Gaussian processes and stationary processes. Emphasis is placed in the development of toolboxes to analyze these different classes of processes and on describing their applications to complex stochastic systems in different disciplines. Particular examples include: (i) the problem of ranking web pages by a search engine; (ii) the study of reputation and trust in social networks; (iii) modeling and analysis of communication networks; (iv) the use of queues in the modeling of transportation networks; (v) stochastic modeling and simulation of biochemical reactions and gene networks; (vi) arbitrages, pricing of stocks, and pricing of options through Black-Scholes formula; and (vii) linear filtering of stochastic processes to separate signals of interest from background noise. For more information visit the class's web page at http://alliance.seas.upenn.edu/~ese303/wiki/.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN MGMT HEALTH INST", number:"null", id:"40093", path:"/courses/40093", description:"This course focuses on health care organizations' financial decisions in the changing health care landscape. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to utilize a range of financial tools and techniques for making value-added financial decisions in a variety of important contexts in the health care sector. The course involves case analyses and lectures, including presentations by practitioners with extensive real world experience. The course is organized around cases dealing with publicly-traded health care company valuation, valuation and return on investment of biopharmaceutical and medical technology development projects, valuation and deal structure for startup and early stage health care organizations, health plan pricing and finance, and health care provider risk-sharing arrangements. Each case is accompanied by background on tools, methods, institutions, and markets. Students seeking careers in health care finance and financial decision making. Students with more background will extend and enhance their analytical skills in a variety of important areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER) Seminar, Part I", number:"null", id:"45038", path:"/courses/45038", description:"This is the first part of the two-semester seminar designed to introduce students to the VIPER program and help them prepare for energy-related research. Research articles on various energy-related topics will be discussed, and students will be guided toward their research topic selection. Library research, presentation of data, basic research methods, research ethics, data analysis, advisor identification, and funding options will also be discussed. Sample energy topics discussed will include: Applications of nanostructured materials in solar cells; Solid oxide fuel cells; Global climate modeling: radiant heat transfer; Nanocrystal-based technologies for energy storage; Photo-bioreactor systems for mass production of micro-algae; Advanced rare earths separations chemistry; Modeling of oxides for solar energy applications; and Electronic transport in carbon nanomaterials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"41414", path:"/courses/41414", description:"FNCE 101 is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL NORMS", number:"null", id:"36340", path:"/courses/36340", description:"This is a graduate research seminar covering interdisciplinary research in psychology, philosophy, sociology and behavioral economics related to social norms. Social norms are informal institutions that regulate social life. We will devote particular attention to the following questions: 1. What is a good, operational definition of social norms? 2. Is there a difference between social and moral norms? 3. How can we measure whether a norm exits, and the conditions under which individuals are likely to comply with it? 4. Are behavioral experiments a good tool to answer questions 3? 5. How do norms emerge? 6. How are norms abandoned? 7. What is the role of trendsetters in norm dynamics?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"42155", path:"/courses/42155", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts in those regions where Spanish is used . At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through readings, class discussions, and frequent writing assignments. This course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Operations and Information Management", number:"null", id:"44712", path:"/courses/44712", description:"OIDD 101 explores a variety of common quantitative modeling problems that arise frequently in business settings, and discusses how they can be formally modeled and solved with a combination of business insight and computer-based tools. The key topics covered include capacity management, service operations, inventory control, structured decision making, constrained optimization and simulation. This course teaches how to model complex business situations and how to master tools to improve business performance. The goal is to provide a set of foundational skills useful for future coursework atWharton as well as providing an overview of problems and techniques that characterize disciplines that comprise Operations and Information Management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN SOCI: EMOTIONS AND MONEY", number:"null", id:"39458", path:"/courses/39458", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSHI&RAMEN:GLOBAL FOOD", number:"null", id:"43982", path:"/courses/43982", description:"Who defines Japanese food? Is it the chef at a top establishment in Tokyo, a home cook in Osaka, a tea master in Kyoto, the ancient capital? Or is it the midwestern American who thinks sushi means raw fish? Is it the person who scarfs cup noodles, or the devotee of artisan ramen stock? Perhaps it is the Japanese government, which in 2006 sent undercover agents abroad to guard against inferior Japanese food outlets. In this class we will consider how Japanese food came to be defined in distinction to Western and Chinese foods beginning in the nineteenth century, and how Japanese food became a global cuisine. Among our questions: What makes a dish Japanese? How did Portuguese or Spanish frying habits (tempura) and Chinese lamian (ramen) become hallmarks? How traditional is the diet of rice and fish, and in what ways does it interact with the environment? How did Buddhist vegetarians justify sukiyaki? What relationship does food have to the longevity of Japanese today? How does gender affect Japanese food cultures? What are the origins of Iron Chef and bento? We will survey the Philadelphia Japanese food scene and learn to make our own sushi. Some controversies we will discuss include the consumption of whale meat in Japan. We will also investigate Japanese government controls of food to combat obesity and to make food safe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINUX/UNIX SKILLS", number:"null", id:"39710", path:"/courses/39710", description:"Unix, in its many forms, runs much of the world's computer infrastructure, from cable modems and cell phones to the giant clusters that power Google and Amazon. This half-credit course provides a thorough introduction to Unix and Linux. Topics will range from critical basic skills such as examin and editing files, compiling programs and writing shell scripts, to higher level topics such as the architecture of Unix and its programming model. The material learned is applicable to many classes, including CIS 240, CIS 331, CIS 341, CIS 371, and CIS 380.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BATT & SUPER-CAP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"37146", path:"/courses/37146", description:"This is a senior / graduate course on scientific and technological fundamentals as they apply to electrochemical batteries and super-capacitors. The perspective utilized will be a combination of materials and systems science. The course will introduce the student to the different categories of electrochemical cells and batteries, and their related chemistry, kinds of super-capacitors, charging and discharging profiles, equivalent series resistance (ESR), power capacities, and lifetimes. For super-capacitors, the student will be introduced to double layer capacitance (DLC) and pseudo-capacitance types of energy storage, super-capacitor fundamentals through Faradaic and non-Faradaic processes, pseudo-capacitance of metal oxides and electro-active polymers (EAPs), non-ideal polarizable electrodes, energetics and kinetics of electrode processes, theories of dielectric polarization, inorganic and organic electrol carbonaceous materials, effective surface area (ESA) and functionalizations, as well as the AC impedance behavior of batteries and super-capacitors including the self-discharge characteristics of both. The fundamental electrochemical relations will be discussed, as well as battery / super-caps system modeling, and batteries management systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS MODRN CHINESE DOCUM", number:"null", id:"35466", path:"/courses/35466", description:"The main purpose of this content-based course is to promote advance-level language proficiency in reading, writing, speaking and listening. Through the use of modern Chinese documents, the secondary purpose of this course is to facilitate your understanding of the changes of Chinese society in the 20th century. Topics will include the Constitution of China, China's legal system, speeches by Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, Sun Yet-san and Qiu Jin.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"37818", path:"/courses/37818", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN COG NEUROSCI: Neuroscience for Policymakers", number:"null", id:"43425", path:"/courses/43425", description:"Topics vary each semester. PSYC 449-301 (Gerstein) Neuroscience for Policymakers: This seminar will provide an overview of the neuroscience behind some of the most relevant issues in public health policy today.Why are clinical trials for Alzheimer's disease treatments so difficult to run and why do so many fail? How does the teenage brain make decisions and who should be considered an adult in court? What is implicit bias and why do we make snap decisions based on mental associations? If you could 'improve' your brain with devices or drugs, should you? We will examine the primary scientific literature as well as delve into lay articles about the science and policy surrounding each issue. A basic understanding of neuroscience and some comfort working with primary literature is assumed.//PSYC 449-302 (Epstein) Consciousness: Consciousness is our subjective experience of the world, including both perceptions and felt internal states. In this seminar, we will explore the the burgeoning scientific literature on the neural basis of consciousness. We will focus in particular on three topics: What are the neuralsystems underlying visual awareness? What are the mechanisms that control the progression of conscious contents to create our stream of thought? What is the relationship between consciousness and behavior?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"36002", path:"/courses/36002", description:"This is a continuation of 211. Students continue to develop functional proficiency in Korean at the advanced-low level. The topics include literature, culture, Korean customs, and social issues in contemporary Korea.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"38420", path:"/courses/38420", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL CHOICE", number:"null", id:"35602", path:"/courses/35602", description:"This course investigates a topic which lies at the heart of economic, social and political sciences, namely the aggregation of individual preferences. Can a society as a whole exhibit preferences as individuals do? Can these preferences be based on individual ones, and show the same level of coherence? Which process can lead from individual preferences to the preferences of the society? At the end of the 18th century, the pioneers in the field already realized that mathematics is the only language powerful enough to make deep progress in the understanding of these questions. The formalization involves pure logic as well as geometry and combinatorics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST EMPEROR OF CHINA", number:"null", id:"41229", path:"/courses/41229", description:"This is a seminar required for all Chinese majors in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilization. Topic varies year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS MOD CHINESE II:LIT", number:"null", id:"38291", path:"/courses/38291", description:"The main difference between this course and CHIN411 is the reading materials and topics. This course is designed for students who have completed a minimum of three years of college level Mandarin classes or equivalent. This course may be used to fulfill language or elective requirement for Chinese major or minor. The objectives of the course are 1) to help students gain an in-depth, multi-faceted and critical understanding of Chinese people, Chinese society and Chinese culture; 2) to facilitate students acquisition of formal or written language; and 3) to develop students' analytical and critical thinking skills. These objectives are achieved primarily through 1) close reading and discussion of original literary texts by 20th-century Chinese writers; and 2) regular writing exercises. Students will also view several Chinese films that are related to the topics of the reading text. The class is to be conducted exclusively in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIFE AND DEATH OF STARS", number:"null", id:"35340", path:"/courses/35340", description:"This is an advanced undergraduate course on the life and death of stars. The course will cover the structure of stellar interiors, nuclear reactions and the formation of elements, stellar evolution, supernovae, and the physics of white dwarfs, neutron stars, and black holes. We will approach these topics from both theoretical and observational perspectives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTINATIONAL MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"44499", path:"/courses/44499", description:"Multinational management is the study of the international corporation and the global political and economic environment. This course provides an introduction to the more advanced offerings. It covers the historical origins of the multinational corporation, the economics of trade, money and investment in the world economy, and the policies and behavior of governments and international organizations. We place considerable emphasis in understanding the national and historic origins of the international firm, as well as on current issues regarding emerging economies and shifts in the political economy of global markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FUNDAMENTALS I", number:"null", id:"36752", path:"/courses/36752", description:"This studio course develops drawing and model-making skills with emphasis on digital representation and digital fabrication. The capacity of nature-inspired design is explored as a foundation for the creative production of new forms of expression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Contemporary Art: 1945-Present", number:"null", id:"36766", path:"/courses/36766", description:"Many people experience the art of our time as bewildering, shocking, too ordinary (my kid could do that), too intellectual (elitist), or simply not as art. Yet what makes this art engaging is that it raises the question of what art is or can be, employs a range of new materials and technologies, and addresses previously excluded audiences. It invades non-art spaces, blurs the boundaries between text and image, document and performance, asks questions about institutional frames (the museum, gallery, and art journal), and generates new forms of criticism. Much of the 'canon' of what counts as important is still in flux, especially for the last twenty years. And the stage is no longer centered only on the United States and Europe, but is becoming increasingly global. The course will introduce students to the major movements and artists of the post-war period, with emphasis on social and historical context, critical debates, new media, and the changing role of the spectator/participant.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45174", path:"/courses/45174", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TAIWANESE I", number:"null", id:"36888", path:"/courses/36888", description:"Beginning Taiwanese CHIN 051 is designed to help you learn enough about Taiwanese to enable you to handle your needs adequately if you travel to Taiwan. At this survival level, you will learn to greet others, introduce yourself and handle basic social situations. You will also acquire the understanding of oral language typically heard in locations such as grocery store, train station, bus stop and night market. Self study and classroom participation are equally important for this course. You should complete each assignment before class so that the teacher may review the work. You should attend individual session regularly. You will have four quizzes and one final oral test. The preparation should include memorizing dialogue and listening to audio files.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL STUDIES RESEARCH SEMINAR FOR JUNIORS", number:"null", id:"44115", path:"/courses/44115", description:"This seminar is designed to help Juniors prepare for the Senior Thesis research. Topic selection, advisor identification, funding options, and basic research methods will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND TECH OF IMAGING 2", number:"null", id:"43775", path:"/courses/43775", description:"This laboratory course covers the fundamentals of modern medical imaging techniques. Students will participate in a series of hands-on exercises, covering the principals of X-ray imaging, CT imaging, photoacoustic imaging, diffusion tensor imaging, localized magnetic resonance (MR) spectroscopy, MR contrast agents, diffuse optical spectroscopy, and bioluminescence imaging. Each lab is designed to reinforce and expand upon material taught in BE483/583 Molecular Imaging and MMP507 Physics of Medical Imaging", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"37219", path:"/courses/37219", description:"French 110 is the first semester of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop funcional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course. 

As in other French courses, class will be conducted entirely in French. You will be guided through a variety of communicative activities in class which will expose you to a rich input of spoken French and lead you from structured practice to free expression. You will be given frequent opportunity to practice your newly acquired vocabulary and grammatical structures in small group and pair work which simulate real-life situations. The course will introduce you to French and Francophone culture through authentic materials including written documents, simple articles, songs, films, videos and taped conversations between native speakers. Out-of-class homework will require practice with CDs as well as regular writing practice. The course will also invite you to explore the Francophone world on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Competitions and Competitive Behavior", number:"null", id:"39195", path:"/courses/39195", description:"This is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"38951", path:"/courses/38951", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"44380", path:"/courses/44380", description:"Textbooks: Genki I (Lesson 8- Lesson 12) and Genki II (Lesson 13- Lesson 14)Kanji: reproduction-approx. 170/recognitio-approx.250", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"35893", path:"/courses/35893", description:"The course focuses on the creation, funding, and management of biotechnology and health services enterprises. The course is designed to supplement other offerings in the Health Care Systems and Management Departments for those students with entrepreneurial interest in such ventures, and will focus on special issues surrounding the conceptualization, planning, diligence and capitalization, launch, compensation and management of these ventures. In addition, course offers methods for self-assessment & development of business models and plans, techniques for technology assessment and strategy, develops foundation for capitalization and partnering strategies, and creates a basis for best practices in company launch and plan execution. Students must apply to take this course. Please see the Health Care Management Department for the application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"40924", path:"/courses/40924", description:"The course looks at varieties of human expression -- such as art, film, language and song -- as communicative practices that connect persons together to form a common culture. Discussion is centered around particular case studies and ethnographic examples. Examination of communicative practices in terms of the types of expressive signs they employ, their capacity to formulate and transmit cultural beliefs and ideals (such as conceptions of politics, nature, and self), and to define the size and characteristics of groups and communities sharing such ideals. Discussion of the role of media, social institutions, and technologies of communication (print, electronic). Emphasis on contemporary communicative practices and the forms of culture that emerge in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENGL: COMICS & GRAPHIC NOVELS", number:"null", id:"39451", path:"/courses/39451", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of English, the study and analysis of literature. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGY OF FOOD", number:"null", id:"43407", path:"/courses/43407", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEART OF SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"39414", path:"/courses/39414", description:"The Heart of Social Change: Experiments in Urban Development, Activism, and Social Entrepreneurship will seek to challenge those who desire to work for social change to consider how they may not only employ their heads and their hands, but also their hearts as they work to improve the aspects of contemporary society that mean the most to them. This seminar-based class will examine past and contemporary examples of heart-based activism, urban development and social entrepreneurship yet it will also be a space where students will be asked to experiment with ways that they too may be change agents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES IV: MOD.PHYS.", number:"null", id:"43352", path:"/courses/43352", description:"An introduction to the experimental basis for and principles of quantum mechanics, properties of electrons, protons, neutrons, and the elements of atomic structure and nuclear structure. Electromagnetic radiation and photons; interaction of photons with electrons, atoms, and nuclei. Students are encouraged but not required to take Math 241 concurrently or in advance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOVATION", number:"null", id:"39128", path:"/courses/39128", description:"The course is first and foremost an intensive, integrative, project course in which student teams create one or more real businesses. Some businesses spun out of the course and now managed by alumni include Terrapass Inc. and Smatchy Inc. The project experience is and exciting context in which to learn key tools and fundamentals useful in innovation, problem solving, and design. Examples of these tools and fundamentals are: problem definition, identification of opportunities, generating alternatives, selecting among alternatives, principles of data graphics, and managing innovation pipelines. The course requires a commitment of at least 10 hours of work outside of class and comfort working on unstructured, interdisciplinary problems. Students with a strong interest in innovation and entrepreneurship are particularly encouraged to enroll. Please read carefully the syllabus posted on-line before registering for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUNDING THE MIDDLE AGES", number:"null", id:"43185", path:"/courses/43185", description:"Advanced seminar in topics in musicology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"35867", path:"/courses/35867", description:"The German House is a half-credit course with concentrations in German conversation, film, and culture. Though many students enroll for credit, others often come to select events. All interested parties are invited, and you do not have to actually live in the house to enroll for credit. Students from all different levels of language proficiency are welcome. Beginners learn from more advanced students, and all enjoy a relaxed environment for maintaining or improving their German language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND/G THE POSTCOLONIAL", number:"null", id:"39000", path:"/courses/39000", description:"Rapid decolonization in the mid-twentieth century drastically changed the global political landscape and has resulted in postcolonial interactions and relationships. The postcolonial manifests itself in music through the creation of postcolonial music,or, music that emerged or was directly and profoundly altered from the postcolonial condition, and the postcolonial *in* music, or expressions of postcolonial sentiments in music, whether it be through lyrics or other musical factors. Through readings, musical recordings, class discussion, and oral presentations, this course aims to examine and explore the multiple registers (political, economic, social, historical among others) in which the postcolonial is mediated through sound. Topics will include hip-hop as resistance in Paris, bhangra in the United Kingdom, and rai in Algeria among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LIGHT,SET,COSTUME", number:"null", id:"43572", path:"/courses/43572", description:"Design for theatre (and all of the performing arts) is a dynamic, collaborative process that engages both intellect and emotion in staging the dramatic moment. The personal vision of the designer must navigate the often-uncharted waters of the production process, from the earliest, personal moments of design inspiration to the opening night performance. Design flows from creativity, is structured by research and theory, and is realized in living form by collaboration in the dynamic process of theatre-making. This class will integrate history, theory and practice of stage design in the interactive setting of the Collaborative Classroom in Van Pelt Library in this special interdisciplinary, active-learning course offering open to all Penn students. Group and individual projects, field visits, practical projects and guest speakers will be featured in this newly-revised course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36516", path:"/courses/36516", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HUMAN EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"38084", path:"/courses/38084", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN PSYCH LING: PSYCHOLINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"43423", path:"/courses/43423", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42513", path:"/courses/42513", description:"Chin 482 is a continuation of Chin 481. Following the format of Chin 481, Advanced Business Chinese I, this course covers topics on Eastern and Western management styles, the global financial market, China's financial market reforms, and mergers and acquisitions in China. At the end of the semester, students will submit a business proposal for the final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TABLA II", number:"null", id:"39296", path:"/courses/39296", description:"A continuation of Tabla I, also open to beginning students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BASIC PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE II", number:"null", id:"43248", path:"/courses/43248", description:"This course provides students the opportunity to integrate theory and principles into practice within the clinical setting. Scope of practice, role development, ethical and cultural considerations and anesthetic interventions will be introduced and explored in the classroom and simulation suite. The student will transition to the surgical suite to begin clinical fieldwork, where they will progress from the care of healthy patients undergoing minimallyinvasive surgical procedures to the more complex patients with multiple health issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP", number:"null", id:"45204", path:"/courses/45204", description:"Leaders mobilize resources toward valued goals. In this course, the focus is on growing the student's capacity as a leader in all parts of life. The purpose is to learn practical and customized lessons about how to improve performance and results at work, at home, in the community, and in the private self (mind, body, spirit) by finding mutual value among these four domains. The core idea is that leadership is about making a difference in all aspects of one's life. This course offers students the opportunity to practice the skills needed to do so, now and in the future. Students learn and apply key leadership principles and actively explore what it means for them to be real (to act with authenticity by clarifying what's important), to be whole (to act with integrity by respecting the whole person), and to be innovative (to act with creativity by experimenting with how things get done). Please visit www.totalleadership.org to learn more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGED CARE & INTEG HC: MANAGED CARE AND INDUSTRIAL ORGANIZATION OF HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"38704", path:"/courses/38704", description:"This course, co-taught with Brad Fluegel (former Executive VP of Wellpoint, Inc and current Chief Strategy Officer at Walgreens) will focus on two interrelated topics: managed care and market structure. The section on managed care will cover strategic planning and marketing of managed care services, operational issues in developing a managed care network, actuarial issues, and the management of physician behavior. The section on health care market structure will analyze strategies of vertical integration and horizontal integration (M+As), and their attempt to alter the balance of power in local healthcare markets. The section will also analyze the operational issues in managing cost and quality in an integrated system, integration along the supply chain, and the performance of these systems, and the bargaining and negotiation between hospitals, physicians, and health plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPECTIVES ON ORG DYN: PERSPECTIVES ON ORGANIZATIONAL DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"39797", path:"/courses/39797", description:"'Perspectives' is both a fundamental and integrating course intended for MSOD students at any point in the program who wish to understand and deploy a multiplicity of dynamics operative in organizations and in the minds that create and inhabit them. It is particularly useful for those in their first year and for non-MSOD students. One key focus is on understanding the implicit mental and emotional frameworks or metaphors that 'inform' organizing so that we can virtually see more robust and complex approaches to effectiveness and to leadership within them. Several faculty members highlight their specialties. One special theme examines new management models and thinking frameworks designed to prevail in a 21st century context. Lectures, discussion, and experiential learning are used to build an informed grounding in the history, philosophy, theory and practice of Organizational Dynamics. The course requirements are active class participation, potential application projects/weekly journal, a midterm paper and a final paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"38311", path:"/courses/38311", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"A Black Seed (He) Sowed: An Introduction to Paleography & History of Books", number:"null", id:"43005", path:"/courses/43005", description:"Writing and reading are common actions we do every day. Nonetheless they have changed over the centuries, and a fourteenth century manuscript appears to us very different from a Penguin book. The impact of cultural movements such as Humanism, and of historical events, such as the Reformation, reshaped the making of books, and therefore the way of reading them. The course will provide students with an introduction to the history of the book, including elements of paleography, and through direct contact with the subjects of the class: manuscripts and books. Furthermore, a section of the course will focus on digital resources, in order to make students familiar with ongoing projects related to the history of book collections (including the 'Philosophical Libraries' and the 'Provenance' projects, based at the Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa and at Penn). The course will be conducted in English; a basic knowledge of Latin is desirable but not required. The class will meet in Van Pelt.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VERTEBRATE PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41040", path:"/courses/41040", description:"The course will focus on integrative aspects of physiological function of vertebrates. Comparative, environmental and quantitative approaches will be used. Major topics include muscle, the cardiovascular system, respiration, renal function and the nervous system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERFACIAL PHENOMENA", number:"null", id:"35426", path:"/courses/35426", description:"This course provides an overview of fundamental concepts in colloid and interface science. Topics include the thermodynamics of interfaces, interfacial interactions (e.g. van der Waal's interactions, electrostatics, steric interactions), adsorption, the hydrodynamics and stability of interfacial systems, self assembly, etc. Connections to self-assembly and directed assembly of nanomaterials and emerging topics are explored. Pre-requisites: undergraduate thermodynamics, some familiarity with concepts of transport phenomena (including fluid flow and mass transfer) and differential equations", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"44628", path:"/courses/44628", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINAS DOMESTIC POLITICS", number:"null", id:"43388", path:"/courses/43388", description:"This is an advanced course on the main issues of contemporary Chinese politics, economy and social change. There is a strong focus on teh reform period (post 1978). We will spend considerable time and energy on understanding the major themes and challenges of China's reforms, including the political system, the legal system, the inequality, foreign direct investment, village elections, lawmaking, environmental degradation, social opposition, corruption, and religion. We also investigate the many political and social consequences of reform and changing landscape of Chinese politics. A prior course on Chinese politics (for example, PSCI219) is highly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MAKING LDRSHIP", number:"null", id:"38949", path:"/courses/38949", description:"Contact the Management Department for additional information at: Courseinfo@wharton.upenn.edu. 

Decision making in the leadership chair is a complex task and one that is difficult to teach in a business school setting. To bridge this gap, Mr. William P. Lauder and invited executives will bring their experiences into the classroom, primarily addressing key decision they made, how they weighed their options, and what they learned from the outcomes. The framework for the class centers around two crucial aspects of decision making in the leadership chair: the need to manage many groups of stakeholders, and the need to play many roles when doing this. This course is by application only to second-year Wharton MBAs and a maximum of 48 students will be selected. A communication will be sent regarding the application details.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARTH THROUGH TIME", number:"null", id:"42868", path:"/courses/42868", description:"Origin of Earth, continents, and life. Continental movements, changing climates, and evolving life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"38826", path:"/courses/38826", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DAOISM", number:"null", id:"37007", path:"/courses/37007", description:"Fall 2016;Silk Road: This course will examine the full extent of the so-called Silk Road, from the prehistoric period up to the Mongol period (ca. 13th c.). The primary focus, however, will be on the Tarim Basin in Eastern Central Asia during the Bronze Age and Early Iron Age. It was here and during this period that the famous Caucasoid/Europoid mummies were discovered during the 20th century. All aspects of the mummies will be studied, from physical anthropology to genetics, from language to textiles, from burials to lifestyles, from religion to art. The question of what happened to the mumy people will also be raised, as will who their successors were after they disappeared.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: MODRN AMER LIT: VIRGINIA WOOLF", number:"null", id:"41315", path:"/courses/41315", description:"This course explores an aspect of Modern American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary, and have included 'American Expatriotism,' 'The 1930's,' and 'Intimacy and Distance: William Faulkner, Zora Neale Hurston, Eudora Welty, and Richard Wright.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"36235", path:"/courses/36235", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"International Human Rights", number:"null", id:"44823", path:"/courses/44823", description:"What exactly should be considered a fundamental 'human right'? What is the basis for something is a fundamental human right? This course will examine not only broad conceptual debates, but will also focus on specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge in international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"35819", path:"/courses/35819", description:"French 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGIN BUSINESS CHINESE", number:"null", id:"36889", path:"/courses/36889", description:"The course is designed for students and working professionals who have no prior exposure to Chinese, and are interested in conducting business in China. The objective of this course is to build a solid foundation of basic Chinese in the business context, with a main focus on speaking and listening. Upon Completion students are expected to be able to converse and interact with people in a variety of business settings. Topics in the course units include meeting people, talking about family, introducing companies, making inquiries and appointments, visiting company, introducing products, initiating dining invitations and practicing dining etiquette.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38220", path:"/courses/38220", description:"Theories and mechanisms of evolution, with emphasis on the genetic basis of evolutionary change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS AND ENVIRONMENTS: INTERDISCIPLINARY HISTORY OF ARCHITECTURAL IDEAS", number:"null", id:"43729", path:"/courses/43729", description:"This seminar will discuss the emergence of 20th century environmentalist thought and practice through the lens of architectural, landscape, and urban practices and ideas. The course does not presuppose advanced knowledge in the histories of architecture, of science, or of environmentalism; rather, it will introduce students to a set of historical and intellectual frameworks broadly aware of and engaged in environmental challenges. The material covered will be relevant to those interested in architecture, art, and urban studies, and students in economics, engineering, political science, and the environmental sciences, as well as in the history of science, will find much to engage. In this sense, the course will also offer an interdisciplinary forum for inquiry and discussion around environmental issues as they are reflected in contemporary scholarly and professional practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Francophone Literature and Film", number:"null", id:"44237", path:"/courses/44237", description:"French 233 is designed to give students a basic historical and theoretical groundwork in Francophone and postcolonial studies, and to help them develop their skills in literary and filmic analysis. It will provide an introductory survey of the richly diverse literature and film of the French-speaking world, from the 1950s through to the 21st century. Beginning with the gradual breakup of the French colonial empire, we will investigate the construction of individual and collective Francophone identities in such regions as the Caribbean, Africa, and the Maghreb, while exploring an equally wide range of literary and cinematic genres. Other histories and regions such as Quebec and Lebanon will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"45277", path:"/courses/45277", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL SECURITY", number:"null", id:"36388", path:"/courses/36388", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the subfield of international security or strategic studies. In order to grasp the usefulness of the theoretical ideas presented in readings and lectures, abstract concepts are linked with a study of the national security policies states have adopted in the decades following World War II. Topics include current debates about nuclear proliferation, terrorism, the Iraq war, Europe's changing international role, the rise of China, Asian 'flashpoints' (Korea, the Taiwan Strait), and US secruity policy for the 21st century - considering some of the main strategic alternatives to the US as well as their implications for the types of forces deployed (the impact of the 'revolution in military affairs,' the future of missile defense, and the economic burden to be shouldered).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"36782", path:"/courses/36782", description:"Properties of signals and systems; Examples of biological and biomedical signal and systems; Signal operations, continuous and discrete signals; Linear, time invariant systems; Time domain analysis; Systems characterized by linear constant-coefficient differential equations; Fourier analysis with applications to biomedical signals and systems; Introduction to filtering; Sampling and the sampling theorem. Examples vary from year to year, but usually include signals such as the ECG and blood pressure wave, principles of signal coding in the auditory system and cochlear implants, and simple applications in biomedical imaging.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"37467", path:"/courses/37467", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POWER & POL IN ORGANIZ", number:"null", id:"37522", path:"/courses/37522", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce you to the power dynamics in organizations. The course is designed so that you will learn concepts that are useful for understanding, analyzing, and harnessing power. But beyond discovering ways to extend your own power, influence and political skill in organizations, we will also uncover lessons about ways in which power and politics can blind you, and how to navigate situations in which you are up against powerful people. Using a range of theoretical and business articles, cases, exercises, assessments and simulations, we will extract a variety of lessons about power and politics in organizations. Topics include political skill, influence, issue selling, change management, networks, hierarchy, political conflict, corruption, coping with intolerable bosses, speaking up, redemption, and downsizing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREHISTORY - RENAISSANCE: INTRO TO WESTERN ART", number:"null", id:"40958", path:"/courses/40958", description:"This is a double introduction: to looking at the visual arts; and, to the ancient and medieval cities and empires of three continents - ancient Egypt, the Middle East and Iran, the Minoan and Mycenaean Bronze Age, the Greek and Roman Mediterranean, and the early Islamic, early Byzantine and western Medieval world. Using images, contemporary texts, and art in our city, we examine the changing forms of art, architecture and landscape architecture, and the roles of visual culture for political, social and religious activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIME & HUMAN DEVELOPMNT", number:"null", id:"35565", path:"/courses/35565", description:"One of the central research problems in criminology is the relationship between human development and the likelihood of committing crime. This course will examine the tools for measuring the onset of crime, its persistence, intermittency, and desistence. These tools include the study of birth cohorts of everyone born in a certain time and place, life course studies of juvenile delinquents and non-delinquents, trajectory analysis of people studied from pre-school through middle age, and interviews with 70 year old former delinquents who reflect on how their life-course affected the crimes they committed. This course will also examine the research findings that have been produced using these tools. Students will be asked to consider what these findings imply for major theories of crime causation as well as policies for crime prevention.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATION BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"40990", path:"/courses/40990", description:"We negotiate every day-with merchants, service providers, employers, coworkers,friends, and family-determining what price we will pay, the amount of our salary and compensation, what movies to watch, where to go to dinner, who will clean the kitchen, and so forth. Although negotiations are a ubiquitous part ofour everyday lives, many of us know little about the strategy and psychology ofeffective negotiations. Why do we sometimes get our way, while other times we walk away feeling frustrated by our inability to achieve the agreement we desire? Over the past few decades, research in social psychology and decision sciences has sought the answer to this question and created a rich body of knowledge on bargaining behavior, leading to well-validated prescription on howto negotiate. In this course, you will learn both the how and the why of negotiation behavior. Through role-playing exercises, you will be able to evaluate your own negotiation behavior as well as those of your classmates and receive advice on how to optimize it to achieve your desired outcomes. Importantly, you will also read and discuss research articles that have led to to such practical advice. In this way, the goal of this course is to combine negotiation practice and theory so you can develop a comprehensive skillset of negotiation behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMERICAN ACTIVISM: Asian American Activism and Organizing", number:"null", id:"39569", path:"/courses/39569", description:"Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EUROPEAN IR 1648 - 1914", number:"null", id:"44339", path:"/courses/44339", description:"This course will examine the international politics of Europe in the 18th and 19th centuries, up to the outbreak of World War I. During these centuries, the European great powers experienced significant internal transformations and also a revolution in their relations, both of which reinforced and accelerated each other. In the process, Europe asserted a dominant position in world politics, but also sowed the seed for the terrible castrophes of the 20th Century. The course will address this transformation of European diplomacy with special attention to the rivalries between the great powers, the impact of nationalism and emerging mass politics, the interplay between military and economic power, and the relationship between the European powers and the rest of the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL METH FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"38505", path:"/courses/38505", description:"This course introduces students to physical models and mathematical methods that are widely encountered in various branches of engineering. Illustrative examples are used to motivate mathematical topics including ordinary and partial differential equations, Fourier analysis, eigenvalue problems, and stability analysis. Analytical techniques that yield exact solutions to problems are developed when possible, but in many cases, numerical calculations are employed using programs such as Matlab and Maple. Students will learn the importance of mathematics in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARINE BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41046", path:"/courses/41046", description:"An introduction to marine biology and oceanography. Topics will include chemical and physical oceanography, a survey of form, function and phylogeny of algae, invertebrates and vertebrates, and an examination of ecological and evolutionary principles as applied to marine organisms and ecosystems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF DIGITAL DSGN LAB", number:"null", id:"35701", path:"/courses/35701", description:"This is the companion course for ESE 170 and provides hands-on experience in modern digital circuit design. It makes use of state-of-the-art computer-aided design software including schematic capture, behavioral description, logic-simulation, minimization and implementation tools. The students will get familiar with programmable logic devices and hardware description languages (VHDL). The lab experiments make use of Xilinx FPGAs which allow rapid implementation and testing of the designed circuits. The course consists of weekly 3-hour laboratory sessions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"37382", path:"/courses/37382", description:"Italian 201 will focus on a recent movie by Italian director Tullio Giordana, La meglio gioventu (2002), which will be used as a point of departure to explore contemporary Italian culture following its development since the 1960s. Another recent movie, Mio fratello e figlio unico (2007), will be viewed and analyzed at the conclusion of the course as compared to La meglio gioventu. Pertinent literary texts, newspaper articles, as well as material in other media will complement the analysis of the film and allow an in-depth discussion of the most important topics. The cultural material explored in the course will be also used as a basis for a review of the most difficult grammar structures, with an emphasis on those necessary to express opinion and formulate hypothesis. 

Audiovisual materials and readings have been carefully chosen to develop student's comprehension and production in Italian, and to enable them to function in an academic setting in which competence at the advanced level is required. Class work will center primarily on conversation to improve students' fluency, vocabulary, and accuracy in speaking in the formal register. Homework will consist primarily, but not exclusively, of paragraph- length blog entries and 1.5-2 page compositions to improve students' ability to express themselves correctly and elegantly in written Italian. Additionally, students will be required to prepare two five 5 minute in-class or video presentation on one or parts of an assigned sequence, and on a social or cultural issue. In place of a final exam, students will write a final essay of 5-6 pages comparing La meglio gioventu to another recent Italian movie, Mio fratello e figlio unico, that will be introduced in class during the last week of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC MECHANISMS STRUC", number:"null", id:"36874", path:"/courses/36874", description:"Study of important types of reactions and functional groups, with emphasis on synthetic usefulness, mechanisms, and stereoelectronic principles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"38269", path:"/courses/38269", description:"Physical and chemical description of macromolecular information transfer. Gene organization, replication, recombination, regulation and expression. (Formerly, CHEM 450-II).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOCULT INFL ON HEALTH: SOCIOCULTURAL INFLUENCES ON HEALTH", number:"null", id:"44636", path:"/courses/44636", description:"This course is intended for students interested in U.S/Global Healthcare. It includes lectures, discussions, readings, and written assignments focused on various social, cultural, and economic factors that impact the health and illness perceptions and behaviors of various ethnic and minority groups. In particular, it focuses on how culture affects health and disease, and how health and disease affect culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: American Bestsellers", number:"null", id:"39893", path:"/courses/39893", description:"This course allows students to explore the history of the American West as a cultural phenomenon. We will focus on key 'Western' themes, such as Manifest Destiny, Anglo-American and other racial identities, masculinity, violence, homesteading, the cattle industry, and landscape as developed in a variety of texts and films. Readings may include selections from Lewis and Clark, Parkman's The Oregon Trail, Twain's Roughing It, Wister's The Virginian, Andy Adam's The Log of a Cowboy, L'Amour's Hondo, and at least several chapters from on of the 'new' Western histories. Films will include Stagecoach, Shane, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, High Plains Drifter, The Ballad of Gregorio Cortez, and Unforgiven. Two short papers on assigned topics; one longer term paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONVENTNS,DEBATES,CAMPGN", number:"null", id:"39787", path:"/courses/39787", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"38335", path:"/courses/38335", description:"An introduction to the problems of computer vision and other forms of machine perception that can be solved using geometrical approaches rather than statistical methods. Emphasis will be placed on both analytical and computational techniques. This course is designed to provide students with an exposure to the fundamental mathematical and algorithmic techniques that are used to tackle challenging image based modeling problems. The subject matter of this course finds application in the fields of Computer Vision, Computer Graphics and Robotics. Some of the topics to be covered include: Projective Geometry, Camera Calibration, Image Formation, Projective, Affine and Euclidean Transformations, Computational Stereopsis, and the recovery of 3D structure from multiple 2D images. This course will also explore various approaches to object recognition that make use of geometric techniques, these would include alignment based methods and techniques that exploit geometric invariants. In the assignments for this course, students will be able to apply the techniques to actual computer vision problems. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSICIANSHIP I", number:"null", id:"40383", path:"/courses/40383", description:"Introduction to and development of principles of tonal voice-leading, harmonic function, counterpoint, and form through written analysis, composition, improvisation, and written work. Course covers diatonic harmony and introduction to chromaticism. Repertoires will focus on Western classical music. Musicianship component will include sight-singing, dictation keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHILDREN & MEDIA", number:"null", id:"38361", path:"/courses/38361", description:"This course examines children's relationship to media in its historic, economic, political and social contexts. The class begins with an exploration of the ways in which 'childhood' is created and understood as a time of life that is qualitatively unique and socially constructed over time. It continues with a review of various theories of child development as they inform children's relationship with and understanding of television and other household media. It next reviews public policies designed to empower parents and limit children's exposure to potentially problematic media content and simultaneously considers the economic forces that shape what children see and buy. Children and Media concludes with a critical examination of research on the impact of media on children's physical, cognitive, social and psychological development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES", number:"null", id:"42804", path:"/courses/42804", description:"This course covers one of the most exciting yet fundamental areas in finance: derivative securities. In the modern financial architecture, financial derivatives can be the most challenging and exotic securities traded by institutional specialists, while at the same time, they can also be the basic securities commonly traded by retail investors such as S&P Index Options, Beyond trading, the basic ideas of financial derivatives serve as building blocks to understand a much broader class of financial problems, such as complex asset portfolos, strategic corporate decisions, and stages in venture capital investing. The golobal derivatives market is one of the most fast-growing markets, with over $600 trillion notional value in total. It is important as ever to understand both the strategic opportunities offered by these derivative instruments and risks they imply. The main objective of this course is to help students gain the intuition and skills on (1) pricing and hedging of derivative securities, and (2) using them for investment and risk management. In terms of metholologies, we apply the non-arbitrage principle and the law of one price to dynamic models through three different approaches: the binomial tree model, the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and the simulation-based risk neutral pricing approach. We discuss a wide range", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR: CULTURAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39257", path:"/courses/39257", description:"Humans are a cultural species, constantly navigating a complex web of culturaly bound practices, norms, and worldviews. This seminar will survey the theory and research of the young but rapidly expanding field of cultural psychology. In the seminar, we will explore how culture shapes and is shaped by an array of psychological domains, ranging from perception, information processing, and language, to concepts of the self, motivations, emotion, morality, and physical and mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MNG INTERFIRM ALLIANCES", number:"null", id:"36114", path:"/courses/36114", description:"This course explores the management of strategic partnerships between firms, which have surged in recent years in response to globalization, technological evolution, deregulation, shortened product life cycles, and intensified competition. Today's alliances drive corporate growth and change, and vary greatly in terms of partner type, commitment, equity investment, degree of control, between scale, and scope. They range from bilateral arrangements to ecosystems to outsourcing, often blurring traditional organizational boundaries and leading to the creation of globally distributed enterprises. In view of these contemporary developments, the objectives of the course are two-fold: (1) to arm you with a set of tools to facilitate the selection of an appropriate alliance strategy in a given situation; and, (2) to provide you with frameworks to help the initiate and implement different kinds of partnerships. The emphasis lies on strategic and organizational aspects in the formation and management of these transactions, rather than financial considerations. Alternative growth strategies to strategic alliances (e.g., acquisitions), the impact of these partnerships on competition within an industry, and regulatory constraints will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMATION & IMPLEMENT: FORMATION & IMPLEMENTATION OF ENTREP VENTURES", number:"null", id:"38941", path:"/courses/38941", description:"This advanced course in entrepreneurship centers on writing a comprehensive business plan and implementation plan for a venture of your choice. The course examines ways to profitably launch and exploit business opportunities (as opposed to what opportunity to explore). It will allow you to acquire the skill set necessary for crafting a winning business model for your venture - developing and writing a coherent and effective plan to start a business in either an independent or a corporate setting. The venture must distinguish itself from existing companies through differential innovation; for example, through an innovative product or service, an innovative production process, a new business model, or by creating a new market. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF GENETICS", number:"null", id:"36824", path:"/courses/36824", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Mendelian and molecular genetics will be discussed as well as the use of genetic analysis to address questions in all areas of biology. The processes of DNA replication, transcription, and translation will be discussed at the molecular level. Other topics include the regulation of gene expression and genomics. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLK FEMINIST APPROACHES: BLACK FEMINIST APPROACHES TO HISTORY & MEMORY", number:"null", id:"39479", path:"/courses/39479", description:"Topics vary: Black Feminist Approaches to History & Memory - The term black feminism emerged in public discourse amid the social, political, and cultural turbulence of the 1960s. The roots of black feminism, however, are much older, easily reaching back to the work of black women abolitionists and social critics of the nineteenth century. The concept continued to grow and evolve in the work of twentieth century black women writers, journalists, activists, and educators as they sought to document black women's lives. Collectively, their work established black feminism as a political practice dedicated to the equality of all people. More recently, black feminism has been deployed as a tool for theoretical and scholarly analysis that is characterized by an understanding that race, class, gender, and sexuality are inextricably interconnected.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS I", number:"null", id:"40262", path:"/courses/40262", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects in combinatorial analysis with applications to many other branches of math and science: graphs and networks, generating functions, permutations, posets, asymptotics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL METH FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"44106", path:"/courses/44106", description:"This course introduces students to physical models and mathematical methods that are widely encountered in various branches of engineering. Illustrative examples are used to motivate mathematical topics including ordinary and partial differential equations, Fourier analysis, eigenvalue problems, and stability analysis. Analytical techniques that yield exact solutions to problems are developed when possible, but in many cases, numerical calculations are employed using programs such as Matlab and Maple. Students will learn the importance of mathematics in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST: CLINICAL I (280 CLINICAL HOURS)", number:"null", id:"36283", path:"/courses/36283", description:"This clinical course provides students the opportunity to apply CNS theory to practice and enables students to develop strategies to overcome barriers to safe, quality healthcare delivery. Students acquire knowledge and skills characteristic of CNS practice particularly as it relates to clinical judgment, facilitation of learning, advocacy and moral agency, caring practice and response to diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IRISH LITERATURE: MODERN IRISH LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"41275", path:"/courses/41275", description:"This course will provide an introduction to modern Irish literature, focusing on the tension between Ireland's violent history and its heroic mythology. This tension leaves its mark not only on the ravaged landscape, but also on the English language, which displays its 'foreignness' most strongly in the hands of Irish writers. Readings will span the genres of poetry, drama, fiction, and history, and will include works by Sommerville and Ross, Yeats, George Moore, Joyce, Synge, O'Casey, Beckett, Edna O'Brien, and Brian Friel.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCOTTISH LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"41273", path:"/courses/41273", description:"Do you know the difference between 'Britain,' England,' and 'the United Kingdom'? Why do people so often confuse those terms? In this introductory survey, we shall consider British national-identity markers and their histories, and learn to look at 'English Literature' in new ways. Our primary reading will focus on major works in the Scottish literary tradition from 1700 to 2000. Some of our readings will be in Scots; most will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG DATA, BIG RESP.: Big Data, Big Responsibilities: The Law and Ethics of Business Analytics", number:"null", id:"40218", path:"/courses/40218", description:"Significant technologies always have unintended consequences, and their effects are never neutral. A world of ubiquitous data, subject to ever more sophisticated collection, aggregation, and analysis, creates massive opportunities for both financial gain and social good. It also creates dangers in areas such as privacy, security, discrimination, exploitation, and inequality, as well as simple hubris about the effectiveness of management by algorithm. Firms that anticipate the risks of these new practices will be best positioned to avoid missteps. This course introduces students to the legal, policy, and ethical dimensions of big data, predictive analytics, and related techniques. It then examines responses-both private and governmental-that may be employed to address these concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CONDENSED MAT PHYS", number:"null", id:"36362", path:"/courses/36362", description:"An introduction to condensed matter physics designed primarily for advanced undergraduate and graduate students desiring a compact survey of the field. Band theory of solids, phonons, electrical magnetic and optical properties of matter, and superconductivity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS IN MATH STAT", number:"null", id:"40741", path:"/courses/40741", description:"A continuation of STAT 970.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH", number:"null", id:"39334", path:"/courses/39334", description:"Spanish 121 is designed for students who have some prior experience in Spanish. This course provides a quick-paced review of material normally covered in a first-semester Spanish course and then proceeds to introduce new material so students will be prepared to take Spanish 130 during the subsequent semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE II", number:"null", id:"44681", path:"/courses/44681", description:"In this didactic course, students learn to integrate their advanced pharmacology and pathophysiology background with their understanding of acute illness and injury. The focus is on the evidence-based management of patients with neurologic, gastrointestinal, renal, oncologic, and metabolic health problems. Students develop skills to create a differential diagnosis when an adult/older-adult presents with a constellation of symptoms. Common and atypical presentations of illness and disease are explored. Focus is placed on holistic care including the psychosocial, cultural, and spiritual aspects of patients' response to their illness or injury. Epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management, and advanced clinical decision making based on current clinical research are emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED CELL BIOLOGY AND MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41826", path:"/courses/41826", description:"This course will include the major topics of cell biology and microbiology that are foundational for an understanding of normal and pathological cellular processes. Topics will include the brief study of prokaryotic and eukaryotic cell structures and functions; the main biological molecules; membrane transport; cellular communications; the flow of genetic information; cell division; and cellular metabolism. The course will also examine the role of cells and microbes in human health and infectious diseases. It will include a description of the main types of microbes, how they are identified, their growth requirements, and the role of the immune system in controlling infections, the control of microbes, host-microbe interactions. The context for this course will be the application of cell biology and microbiology for understanding the cellular basis of cancer and infectious human infection disease processes. This course will include special sessions from a clinical perspective in the various fields of medicine, microbiology, and immunology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COST MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40825", path:"/courses/40825", description:"This course covers managerial accounting and cost management practices that can be strategically applied across the various functions of a business organization to improve organizational performance. The course emphasizes the methods available to measure and evaluate costs for decision-making and performance evaluation purposes. It reviews a number of cost management issues relating to the design and implementation of strategic, marketing, value analysis, and other management models in modern firms; and identifies major contemporary issues in managerial accounting and financial decision- making. A variety of case studies in different industries and decision contexts are used to examine the application of these concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR MOD CHINESE LIT: New Literature Movement 1917-2017", number:"null", id:"42609", path:"/courses/42609", description:"Modern Chinese writers are known for their efforts in creating a literary revolution that sought to reformulate the paradigm of Chinese writing. However, these Chinese writers also endeavored to learn from other cultures such as the European and Indian civilizations. For example, Tagore was invited to visit to China in 1923 and was considered a cultural model by many Chinese cultural elites. Hu Shi, a leading Chinese intellectual, wrote The Indianization of China: A Case Study in Cultural Borrowing and India Our Great Teacher, to emphasize the Indian elements in Chinese culture. Other Chinese writers also sought to compare the European with Chinese cultures in different occasions in order to find a path for the rise of modern China. This course explores the ways in which foreign cultures were introduced and how they influence the way Chinese see themselve s in their search for a cultural identity free from the constraints of classical tradition. We will read a variety of writers from the Peoples Republic of Ch ina, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Malaysia, in order to examine how modern Chinese literature thrives on cross-cultural elements. All readings will be in English. No prior knowledge is required. Those who are proficient in Chinese are invited to read some of the texts in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"35350", path:"/courses/35350", description:"Lab-based course where students learn the fundamentals of medical device design through hands-on projects using microcontrollers. Students first learn basic design building blocks regularly employed in microcontroller-based medical devices, and then carry out a small design project using those building blocks. Projects are informed by reverse-engineering of competing products, FDA regulations, and marketplace considerations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AT WORK: EMP LAW MGR", number:"null", id:"37412", path:"/courses/37412", description:"This course is based on the principle that knowledge and understanding of employment law facilitate (1) promotion of a workforce with a high degree of commitment to reaching business goals, (2) the development of practical business solutions to problems arising in the workplace, (3) effective human resources policy and procedures that comply with applicable laws. It provides students with an introduction to the law of the workforce and examines the balance between business goals and employment law compliance. The course examines the various employment laws with which businesses must comply and the legal rights and responsibilities of employees and employers. The emphasis is on laws concerning equal employment opportunity with respect to discrimination and harassment because of sex, race, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, disability and other characteristics protected by workforce laws; work-related privacy including investigations, electronic communication and social media; employee misclassification; diversity and affirmative action; and the legal and regulatoenvironment regarding immigration, wage and hour, leaves of absence, hiring, termination and afterwards, the non-employee workforce, whistle blower concerns, labor/management relations and collective bargaining.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"40796", path:"/courses/40796", description:"Permission of Instructor Required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY LEADERSHIP IN THE AMERICAN SYSTEM OF HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"39091", path:"/courses/39091", description:"This course will explore the philosophy and growth of public policy that has directed the American Health Care System in its ever expanding movement toward universal health care for all citizens. Analysis of health policy and systems content will assist the students to identify the knowledge and skills needed for the health or human service provider to assume leadership roles in the formulation of public policy for change; this includes system restructuring, service delivery and funding of health care. Emphasis will be on the effect of policy on the individual/family user of health care services rather than the effect on professional health care providers or health care delivery systems. Special attention will be given to the effect of policy on populations, both urban and rural, living near and below the poverty level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP FEMINIST THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"38694", path:"/courses/38694", description:"This course covers a broad range of feminist writers, from the pioneer thinkers of the 18th century to current feminists who focus on globalization. After examining how and why feminist thought developed, we will explore how different feminists perspectives explain gender inequality both in the US and in contemporary global contexts. Readings will also focus on how gender issues interact with race, ethnity, sexuality, and social class. We will also focus on how feminist theory informs current social movements for gender equality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APP OF SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"37011", path:"/courses/37011", description:"This course will discuss a number of canonical problems and show how numerical methods are used to solve them. Lectures will introduce the underlying theory and the relevant numerical methods. Students will be expected to implement solutions to the problems using MATLAB. The course will use the visualization capabilities of MATLAB to provide students with a geometric interpretation of the key ideas underlying the numerical methods. Topics to be covered will include: The solution of systems of linear systems equations with application to problems such as force balance analysis and global illumination computation. Representing and computing coordinate transformations with applications to problems in graphics, vision and robotics. Transform Coding with applications to the analysis of audio signals and image compression. Analysis of variance and the search for low dimensional representations for high dimensional data sets egs. Google's PageRank algorithm. Least Squares model fitting with applications to data analysis. Analysis of linear dynamical systems with applications to understanding the modes of vibration of mechanical systems. The analysis of stochastic systems governed by state transition matrices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE: Managing the Emerging Enterprise", number:"null", id:"41735", path:"/courses/41735", description:"Emerging enterprises, the focus in this course, are small, new, fast-growing organizations. Their founders and managers face multifaceted challenges: how to assess the competitive position of their business model and develop a strategy; how to develop the internal organizational structure, culture, and policies for selecting and managing employees; and how to pursue global opportunities. We cover these challenges in separate modules on strategy, human and social capital, and global issues. The human and social capital module covers classic management challenges of aligning interests of the individual and the organization; managing individual psychological needs and social influences; and developing employee capabilities that provide competitive advantage. Also covered are unique challenges that yound organizations face, i.e. building an effective culture; recruiting, selecting, and retaining talent; building systematic approaches to motivating employees; coping with the stresses of rapid growth; and leveraging the benefits (and avoiding the liabilities) of the founder's powerful imprint.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ages of Homer: An Archaeological Intro To the Greek Bronze & Iron Ages", number:"null", id:"42566", path:"/courses/42566", description:"This illustrated lecture course surveys the prehistory and early history of the Greek world through texts and material remains, with the aim of bringing to life the society, economy, and politics of this ancient era. Among the topics are the rise and fall of the great Bronze Age civilizations of the Aegean area, the Minoans of Crete and the Mycenaeans of the Greek mainland; the cataclysmic volcanic eruption on the island of Thera and its long-term consequences; the possibly historical Trojan War; the Homeric world of the Dark Age that followed the collapse of the Mycenaean palaces; and the Greek renaissance of the eighth century B.C.-including the adoption of the alphabet, the great colonizing movement, and the Panhellenic sanctuaries-that laid the foundation for the Classical world to come. Ages of Homer is part of a sequence of introductory courses on the archaeology of the Greco-Roman world , which also includes Introduction to Greek Archaeology (CLS 275) and Introduction to Roman Archaeology (CLST 274). There are no prerequisites, and these courses need not be taken in a particular order", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRANT WRITING", number:"null", id:"37241", path:"/courses/37241", description:"This course will provide students with the role of the foundation in philanthropy, what it does, how it does it, and what you need to know to be both an effective foundation manager and foundation grant seeker. From the foundation side, the course will include strategic planning, assessment of project resultes, and the responsibilities of the foundation grant program officer. From the grant seeker side, it will include identifying the appropriate foundations, making the connection to the foundation, grant writing, and relationship management. 

Summer 2016 On-Campus Meetings: 9:30am-1:00pm Fridays and Saturdays May 20-1, June 24-5, and July 22-3", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"38160", path:"/courses/38160", description:"Independent research projects in the laboratories of individual faculty members. A list of possible research supervisors is available in the Biochemistry office (351 Chemistry). In addition to their laboratory projects, students will attend a weekly seminar in which their own and related work will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CYBERCULTURE", number:"null", id:"43556", path:"/courses/43556", description:"Computers and the internet have beome critical parts of our lives and culture. In this course, we will explore how people use these new technologies to develop new conceptions of identify, build virtual communities and affect political change. Each week we'll see what we can learn by thinking about the internet in a different way, focusing successively on hackers, virtuality, community, sovreignty, interfaces, algorithms and infrastructure. We'll read books, articles, and blogs about historical and contemporary cultures of computing, from Spacewar players and phone phreaks in the 1970s to Google, Facebook, World of Warcraft, WikiLeaks, and Anonymous today. In addition, we'll explore some of these online communities and projects ourselves and develop our own analyses of them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SUMERIAN", number:"null", id:"35269", path:"/courses/35269", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE EAST MEETS WEST: Language in Context: East Meets West", number:"null", id:"40225", path:"/courses/40225", description:"Knowledge of language is an extraordinarily complex object of study. What is the relationship between language and mind? Is language a social or individual phenomenon? Is linguistic structure shaped by nature or by convention? Are there limits to linguistic variation? This course explores how eastern and western traditions have approached these questions. Topics include the influence of different writing systems on grammatical traditions; linguistic diversity and language change in China and Europe, and the role of socio-historical context in its characterization; the development of linguistics as a science; the social role of language; language as a political tool, and its sensitivity to the political landscape; treatment of linguistic disorders; and the relationship between language and mind.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPIGENOMICS", number:"null", id:"43772", path:"/courses/43772", description:"This course will teach upper level undergraduates and graduate students how to answer biological questions by harnessing the wealth of genomic and epigenomic data sets generated by high-throughput sequencing technologies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE: Managing the Emerging Enterprise", number:"null", id:"40840", path:"/courses/40840", description:"The management of emerging enterprises - new, small, entrepreneurial organizations - creates a range of multi-faceted challenges for the entrepreneur, whether the founder (and founding team) or the first generation of management. Establishing an emerging organization's unique business model or value proposition (not to mention its survival) is often the overriding preoccupation, but even in a new, small organization, managers need to under- stand how to develop the internal workings of a new firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account ever-increasing globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that successful management in the 21st century requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy. The course has three main parts. The first major part of the course will deal with fundamental issues of strategy, examining issues central to the long- and short-term competitive position of an enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Resiliency and Impact of Latin@ Cultural Expressions in the US", number:"null", id:"43023", path:"/courses/43023", description:"This course takes a multi-disciplinary approach to the study of the resiliency and impact of Latin@ cultural and artistic contributions, esthetics, expressions and institution building int he United Stats from the Civil Rights Era to the present. We will explore how Latin@s arguculturally defining being 'American'; how their artistic expressions fit and influence the creativity and productivity of American and global Arts & Cultural expressions; and the Latin@ interactions of race, culture, society, economy and politics in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39114", path:"/courses/39114", description:"This course provides a broad-based introduction to the management of information technology focusing on three interrelated themes: technology, organization, and strategy. The goal of this course is to equip students with the knowledge and tools to utilize information systems to pursue a firm's strategic and organizational goals. The course has no prerequisites other than a general interest in the applications of information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COMM: U.S. CELEBRITY CULTURES", number:"null", id:"43623", path:"/courses/43623", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Communications, the interdisciplinary study of the processes of human communication. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"39714", path:"/courses/39714", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT", number:"null", id:"41831", path:"/courses/41831", description:"This is a laboratory course designed to help beginning nursing students to develop competence in the process of physical assessment. Students engage in actual practice of physical assessment with fellow students as their 'patient' subject. A blending of instructor demonstration and supervision of physical examination practice sessions is used in the learning laboratory setting. Students prepare via self-learning activities with a variety of supplied resources (readings, videotapes, computer programs) and have the opportunity to refine their skill though faculty-supervised practice sessions. Procedural skills that correlate with the presentations of physiologic system assessment are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN POLIT THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"44813", path:"/courses/44813", description:"Whether America begins with the Puritans and the Mayflower Compact, or with the Declaration of Independence and the Revolution, it is founded in resistance to empire. In the generations between, Americans have desired, dreaded and debated empire. This course will focus on empire and imperialism in American political thought. We will read primary texts addressing empire: from the departure and dissent of the Puritans, and Burke's Speech on Conciliation with the Colonies, to twentieth and twenty-first century debates over America's role in the world. These texts will include political pamphlets and speeches, poetry, novels, policy papers and film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"38613", path:"/courses/38613", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. Topics discussed include discounted cash flow techniques and valuation using alternative valuation techniques such as price multiples. Emphasis is on developing the required information for valuation from financial statements and other information sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENT AND DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"37825", path:"/courses/37825", description:"Thinking, judgment, and personal and societal decision making, with emphasis on fallacies and biases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY POLISH I", number:"null", id:"40673", path:"/courses/40673", description:"This course is for students who want to acquire the linguistic skills necessary for communication in everyday situations and that would constitute a solid base for further study of the Polish language. In addition students will become acquainted with various aspects of Polish culture (including Polish films), history and contemporary affairs. Students will learn through classroom exercises based on a modern textbook, completion of individual and group assignments and work with various audio and video materials. The textbook Hurra - Po Polsku 1 is written in the spirit of the communicative approach, which makes it possible to communicate from the very beginning of the learning process. The special attention, however, will be paid on systematic development of all language skills: listening, reading, speaking and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE", number:"null", id:"36110", path:"/courses/36110", description:"The management of emerging enterprises - new, small, entrepreneurial organizations - creates a range of multi-faceted challenges for the entrepreneur, whether the founder (and founding team) or the first generation of management. Establishing an emerging organization's unique business model or value proposition (not to mention its survival) is often the overriding preoccupation, but even in a new, small organization, managers need to under- stand how to develop the internal workings of a new firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account ever-increasing globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that successful management in the 21st century requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy. The course has three main parts. The first major part of the course will deal with fundamental issues of strategy, examining issues central to the long- and short-term competitive position of an enterprise.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HUMAN EVOLUTION: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"39510", path:"/courses/39510", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAPPING FOR SOCIAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"43707", path:"/courses/43707", description:"Maps have been used for purposes as varied as imperial exploration, territorial demarcation, state governance, and personal navigation. While they are often discussed as representations of the world, they also help to produce that world. In this course, we will focus on the productive capacity of maps, both theoretically and practically. With regard to theory, we will explore maps imbrication in the projects of capitalism and colonialism; their role in the creation of new socio-spatial relations; and their ability to mobilize political commitments. We will linger in particular on how maps have helped to document and generate global cities, and on the material and symbolic dimensions of digital maps as compared to analog ones. With regard to practice, we will learn the technical skills necessary to produce our own digital maps (using ArcGIS), and work collaboratively with a Philadelphia-based social justice organization to design and address a research question using our GIS skills. Students will leave the class having developed a critical and historical perspective on mapmaking, mastered technical skills in ArcGIS, and designed and executed a GIS project with a local social justice organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL ECONOMY", number:"null", id:"39829", path:"/courses/39829", description:"This course examines the effects of strategic behavior on political outcomes and government policies. Topics and applications may include voting behavior, candidate competition, voting systems, social choice and welfare, policy divergence, redistributive policies and theories of political transitions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Empowering Communities through Real Estate Development", number:"null", id:"44242", path:"/courses/44242", description:"This course introduces students to residential and commercial real estate development and its inherent risks and benefits. By understanding the development process, students will be better able to enact public policy that promotes the advantages brought by development while slowing the gentrification process. Using the successful Jumpstart Germantown model, students will learn the 7 JumpSteps of real estate development beginning with creating a development strategy and ending with leasing or selling the property. JumpStart is a successful alternative to the boom and bust cycle of real estate development. It encourages slow growth, scattered site development,and a mix of price points - all of which act to slow gentrification and encourage healthy development that sustains and attracts real economic diversity. This course will include presentations by experts in the real estate industry, in-class discussions and projects, and a visit to a local construction site. Students interested in becoming real estate developers or wanting to learn the ins and outs of the development process will benefit from this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP STR/IND STR", number:"null", id:"41740", path:"/courses/41740", description:"This is a course in analyzing competitive interactions. The course emphasizes a vision of strategy in which each competitor simultaneously chooses its strategy, taking into account the strategies of its opponents. Crucial to this vision is the anticipation of the moves of your opponent and, in particular, the expectation that your opponent is (almost) as smart as you are. Equal attention will be given to the development of techniques for analyzing competitive interactions and to the application of those techniques. Game theory and the economics of industrial organization provide the basis for the theoretical constructs developed in the course. Topics that will be explored include: market failures and profitability, competitive bidding, signaling, entry deterrence, agenda setting, regulations, and price wars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"36034", path:"/courses/36034", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language ( ASL ); cultural values and behavioral rules of the deaf community in the U.S.; receptive and expressive activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling and aspects of Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN LITERARY RADICALS OF THE 19TH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"44077", path:"/courses/44077", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38602", path:"/courses/38602", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. Wewill address different phases of a company's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 383 is a half semester course offered in Q3 during the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC: FOUNDERS 14", number:"null", id:"37681", path:"/courses/37681", description:"This didactic and fieldwork course focuses on development of a systematic approach to advanced physical assessment, the use and interpretation of diagnostic technologies and development of diagnostic reasoning as it applies to patient management of the adult-older adult acutely ill or injured patient. Emphasis is placed on development of competence to perform a comprehensive history and physical examination, incorporating the analysis of biotechnological data trends. Building fundamental skills in developing differential diagnoses and clinical decision making for acutely ill patients across the adult age continuum is a focus of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41045", path:"/courses/41045", description:"This course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the structure of tissues at the cellular level and to the way in which those tissues are assembled into organs. This knowledge of structure will be the basis for discussion of tissue and organ function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING FOR CHILDREN: WRITING FOR YOUNG ADULTS", number:"null", id:"44060", path:"/courses/44060", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CROSS CULTURAL METHODS IN HEALTH & PUBLIC POLICY", number:"null", id:"39528", path:"/courses/39528", description:"This course will introduce students to applied anthropology methods for doing research that can change policy and practices. Examples of policy and practice change include clinical practices in health care settings, social welfare policy, and legal advocacy. Students will be trained in multiple anthropology research methods, including brief participant-observation, qualitative interviewing, life story interviewing, and ethnographic content analysis of textual material. Students will also learn how to use NVivo softwafor analyzing qualitative and some quantitative data from their field notes, interviews, and analysis of popular articles/websites. Finally, students will practice writing products for non-academic audiences, such as policymakers, the media, and the general public. The course will emphasize using anthropology research methods to address real-world problems in policy and practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I", number:"null", id:"44775", path:"/courses/44775", description:"This calculus-based course is recommended for science majors and engineering students. Classical laws of motion; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion, and applications of mechanics to real-world problems. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 150 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY, MEMORY, CULTURE", number:"null", id:"40030", path:"/courses/40030", description:"This course explores the history of the dark years of the French collaboration with Nazi Germany during WWII. In the first part, it examines the rise of the myths of an 'eternal France' and the 'true French' promoted by Marechal Petain's National Revolution, as well as the myth of the resistance fighters that arose after the Liberation. The Holocaust adn the holes left in national memory will hold a pivotal place in our reading of the national narrative. The second part of the course is dedicated to the study of literary works written by post-memory writers or survivors of the Holocaust who tried to fill in the blanks and confronted the linguistic challenge posed by Auschwitz. Paris will play a connecting role, as both witness to history and as tangible trace of the forgotten. This study of French history, its silences and (non-) memory will shed light on the legacy of the Occupation for contemporary France.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43819", path:"/courses/43819", description:"A view of how an animal embryo is specified to develop and differentiate into a wide spectrum of cell types, and how the spatial patterns and axes of embyros are determined. The course will focus on genetic and molecular approaches, but will also cover the comparative anatomy of developing embryos to the extent necessary to understand the conserved aspects of embryonic patterning. Special emphasis will be placed on organisms with particular advantages for the study of embryonic development: e.g., mouse, frog, zebrafish, and Drosophila. The first half of the course will cover cell fate restrictions, cloning animals using nuclear transfer, stem cell biology, formation of the embryonic axes in vertebrates and Drosophila, and patterning of the neural tube and mesodermal tissues. The second half of the course will focus on emerging ideas and findings in the field, with emphasis on analysis of original literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVE WRITING: INTRODUCTION TO CREATIVE WRITING:  CREATIVE NONFICTION AND POETRY", number:"null", id:"39846", path:"/courses/39846", description:"A course designed to allow the students to discover their own talents in at least two forms from a list that includes fiction, poetry, journalistic writing, creative nonfiction writing, and memoir. Though emphasis is on practice, classroom work includes discussion of theory as well as readings in published works. Frequent writing assignments. Reading lists vary with each section. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL EMOTIONAL DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"43417", path:"/courses/43417", description:"This course will cover theory and research related to the development of attachment, emotional regulation, peer and intimate relationships, personality, moral reasoning, and emotional and behavioral disorders. The course will emphasize the degree to which family, peer, and community contexts influence development from infancy into adulthood. Efforts will be made to integrate biological and environmental accounts of development across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGNNING JAPANESE IV", number:"null", id:"35993", path:"/courses/35993", description:"This course completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II (Chapt. 4 - Chapt. 7) & Basic Kanji Book I (L.17-L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx250/recognitio-approx.350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR COMPLE & ALTERN MED", number:"null", id:"35958", path:"/courses/35958", description:"This course will present the study of health traditions in the field of folklore and folklife. It is designed to explore the value of this approach to disciplines and individuals as they simultaneously bear upon all human experience with, communication about, and understanding of illness, disease and healing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38621", path:"/courses/38621", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONSTERS OF JAPAN", number:"null", id:"39801", path:"/courses/39801", description:"Godzilla! Mothra! Rodan! Totoro! Pikachu! If you know who they are, join us to discover the deeper meanings of monstrosity in Japan. If you don't know who they are, learn the literal, metaphorical, and cinematic implications of these giant (and not so giant) beasts. Watch Tokyo go down in flames, and discuss what that means for New York and Philadelphia! Explore the history, literature, and films of Japanese monsters in this undergraduate seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43111", path:"/courses/43111", description:"We all spend much of our lives in organizations. Most of us are born in organizations, educated in organizations, and work in organizations. Organizations emerge because individuals can't (or don't want to) accomplish their goals alone. Management is the art and science of helping individuals achieve their goals together. Managers in an organization determine where their organization is going and how it gets there. More formally, managers formulate strategies and implement those strategies. This course provides a framework for understanding the opportunities and challenges involved in formulating and implementing strategies by taking a 'system' view of organizations,which means that we examine multiple aspects of how managers address their environments, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people, and outputs, and how managerial decisions made in these various domains interrelate. The course will help you to understand and analyze how managers can formulate and implement strategies effectively. It will be particularly valuable if you are interested in management consulting, investment analysis, or entrepreneurship - but it will help you to better understand and be a more effective contributor to any organizations you join, whether they are large, established firms or startups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"44369", path:"/courses/44369", description:"This course is the continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional competence in the four skills. Class work emphasizes the further development of spontaneous discourse skills and interactional competence. Out-of-class homework required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOSS, GRIEF AND BEREAVEMENT", number:"null", id:"45224", path:"/courses/45224", description:"Loss, grief and bereavement are pervasive aspects of the human experience. The content of this course provides a basis both for personal development and professional growth. Through a series of seminars, key issues surrounding loss, death, dying, grief and bereavement will be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER SYS PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"38338", path:"/courses/38338", description:"This course builds on your knowledge of C and focuses on systems programming for Linux, specifically the libraries that programmers use for threading and concurrency, synchronization, inter-process communication, and networking. The course also introduces the C++ programming language, and covers important concepts in modern operating systems, including processes, scheduling, caching, and virtual memory. After completing this course, you will have the requisite knowledge and experience for systems-focused CIS graduate-level electives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40299", path:"/courses/40299", description:"This course is an introduction to the critical management skills involved in planning, structuring, controlling and leading an organization. It provides a framework for understanding issues involved in both managing and being managed, and it will help you to be a more effective contributor to organizations that you join. We develop a 'systems' view of organizations, which means that we examine organizations as part of a context, including but not limited to environment, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people and outputs. We consider how managerial decisions made in any one of these domains affect decisions in each of the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & PRAC OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"38946", path:"/courses/38946", description:"This course is designed for those persons who desire to understand the distinct strategies and practices of family-controlled companies and family wealth management. It will focus on shareholder decision making; financial and market driven options for long-run competitiveness, organizational structures and management team issues; strategic planning from a resource-based perspective; transition planning for the corporate entity, wealth, leadership and relationships; family dynamics and communication issues; and leadership empowerment. The course is intended for those who plan to consult or provide professional services to family-controlled companies and for those planning a career in their family firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - FIN-TECH", number:"null", id:"40013", path:"/courses/40013", description:"The course exposes students to this fast-growing and exciting intersection between finance (Fin) and technology (Tech) while emphasizing the role data and analytics play. The course is structured around three main FinTech areas: (i) Lending/Banking services, (ii) Clearing (iii) Trading. It provides specific coverage and examples of developments from(1) peer-to-peer lending, (2) blockchain and distributed ledgers, (3) networks and their use in trading, and (4) algo trading and its use of non-standard inputs. In each of these areas, we start by analyzing the marketplace, and the incumbents, and the business case and strategies of the incoming technology-based players, while understanding the role data and analytics play in driving the technology-based services. The course is built arund a large number of examples and cases, guest lectures, student presentations, and group projects. Student are thus expected to work in teams and demonstrate a high level of independent learning and initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOENG II", number:"null", id:"38161", path:"/courses/38161", description:"Introduction to Bioengineering II. Continuation of the freshman introductory bioengineering course. This course introduces students to the design process and emphasizes its role in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENETIC ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35417", path:"/courses/35417", description:"The logic and methodology of genetic analysis in plants and animals. This lecture course will focus on the use of mutations to study gene function and higher order biological processes, methods for reporting and manipulating gene expression, and analysis of the genetic basis of natural variation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"35438", path:"/courses/35438", description:"An advanced course for students who have had very strong background in Chem- istry in High School (AP, IB, or equivalent). Advanced material from the general chemistry curriculum will be covered in the context topics selected from current research areas. A continuation of CHEM115, CHEM116 will focus on topics in biochemistry and biophysical chemistry relating to thermodynamics,equilibrium, kinetics, and electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORKED LIFE", number:"null", id:"37620", path:"/courses/37620", description:"What kind of science is appropriate for understanding the Facebook? How does Google find what you're looking for... and exactly how do they make money doing so? What properties might we expect any social network to reliably have, and are there simple explanations for them? How does your position in an economic network (dis)advantage you? How are individual and collective behavior related in complex networks? What might we mean by the economics of spam? What do game theory and the Paris subway have to do with Internet routing? Networked Life looks at how our world is connected -- socially, economically, strategically and technologically -- and why it matters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"37453", path:"/courses/37453", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOLARSYSTEM EXOPLANETS", number:"null", id:"42382", path:"/courses/42382", description:"A survey course on planets and life covering our own Solar System and exoplanets orbiting other stars. Topics include the latest results and theories about: the origin and evolution of planetary systems around our Sun and other stars; the detection of exoplanets; the implications of planetary atmospheres for life; and the search for life on other planets in our Solar System. This course is designed for the non-major and elementary algebra and geometry will be used. Physical science majors and engineering students should prefer ASTR 211 to this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"42242", path:"/courses/42242", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIRCUIT-LEVEL MODELING", number:"null", id:"41355", path:"/courses/41355", description:"Circuit-level design and modeling of gates, storage, and interconnect. Emphasis on understanding physical aspects which drive energy, delay, area, and noise in digital circuits. Impact of physical effects on design and achievable performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV JOURNALISTIC WRITING: SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"35654", path:"/courses/35654", description:"A how-to course for talented aspiring writers--how to write well in the real world; how to hook the reader and sustain interest; how to develop the journalistic skills that enable a writer to gather and sift and report information. The instructor will share his own real-world experience, as a full-time working journalist for the past three decades. He will be joined on occasion by eminent jourlaists--including several star journalists from the New York Times--who will address the class and appear at mandatory forums to be held at Kelly Writers House.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ASTROPHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"35339", path:"/courses/35339", description:"A basic course for majors in astronomy, in other physical sciences, and in engineering. Stars, galaxies, and the evolution of the universe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN STSC: VIDEO GAME PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42267", path:"/courses/42267", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Science, Technology, and Society Studies, the examination of how cultural, political, and social values affect scientific and technological innovation. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effectiver writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"42817", path:"/courses/42817", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL IMMERSION PROGRAM: Israel & Turkey", number:"null", id:"41738", path:"/courses/41738", description:"The Global Immersion Program is a pass/fail, 0.5 credit course that is designed to provide students with an in-depth exposure to international business practices and first-hand insights into a foreign culture. In past years, programs were offered in India, the Middle East, China, South America, Southeast, Asia, and Africa. The program offers studentsthe opportunity to learn about a foreign business environment by way of academic lectures and a multi-week study tour, allowing students to visit with corporate and government officials, network with alumni, and take cultural excursions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41413", path:"/courses/41413", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory, the methods, and the concerns of corporate finance. The concepts developed in FNCE 100 form the foundation for all elective finance courses. The main topics include: 1) the time value of money and capital budgeting techniques; 2) uncertainty and the trade-off between risk and return; 3) security market efficiency; 4) optimal capital structure, and 5) dividend policy decisions. During the Fall semester there are honors sections of FNCE 100 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM CLASSICAL GREEK I", number:"null", id:"37256", path:"/courses/37256", description:"Intensive introduction to Classical Greek morphology and syntax. This course includes exercises in grammar, Greek composition, and translation from Greek to English. Emphasis is placed upon developing the ability to read Greek with facility.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"38880", path:"/courses/38880", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE OF SUCCESS", number:"null", id:"38835", path:"/courses/38835", description:"This course explores the history, literature, and philosophy of two age-old questions: what does it mean to be successful and how does one achieve this elusive goal? It surveys some of the classics of the 'success' genre - from Benjamin Franklin's Autobiography in the 18th century to Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People and Marcus Buckingham's Now, Discover Your Strengths in the 20th and 21st centuries. Case studies of remarkable achievements in business and society and Arthur Miller's play Death of a Salesman provide additional contexts within which to reflect on the questions at the center of the course. Students will keep a personal journal and use web-based tools to examine their own character strengths, talents, and achievement orientations. Grading is based on class attendance and participation, reading response papers, personal journals on assigned topics involving self reflection, a mid-term paper on an assigned research subject related to success, and a final, longer paper exploring, based on course readings and original research, each students personal philosophy of success. No final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"42131", path:"/courses/42131", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevant to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN HISTORY IN FILM", number:"null", id:"36476", path:"/courses/36476", description:"This course draws on fictional, dramatic and cinematic representations of Russian history based on Russian as well as non-Russian sources and interpretations. The analysis targets major modes of imagining, such as narrating, showing and reenacting historical events, personae and epochs justified by different, historically mutating ideological postulates and forms of national self-consciousness. Common stereotypes of picturing Russia from 'foreign' perspectives draw special attention. The discussion involves the following themes and outstanding figures: the mighty autocrats Ivan the Terrible, Peter the Great, and Catherine the Great; the tragic ruler Boris Godunov; the brazen rebel and royal impostor Pugachev; the notorious Rasputin, his uncanny powers, sex-appeal, and court machinations; Lenin and the October Revolution; images of war; times of construction and times of collapse of the Soviet Colossus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NARRATIVE MATTERS IN HEALTH AND ILLNESS EXPERIENCES", number:"null", id:"44633", path:"/courses/44633", description:"This course emphasizes the uses of narrative and memoir to consider major themes and events related to the experience of health and illness in the United States as well as the carative role, as either family member or health professional and crafting policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Social Media and the Organization", number:"null", id:"43977", path:"/courses/43977", description:"If you don't yet believe in the social media revolution, then watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQzsQkMFgHE. Facebook. Twitter. Pinterest. Tumblr. Path. Delicious. Digg. Youtube. LinkedIn. It's been less than a decade since many of these social media services have launched, yet they've transformed society in many significant ways. Social Media and the Organization will deepen your understanding of and offer real time practical experience with social media. The course will examine the current trends and use of social media in marketing, product development, customer service, networking and other facets of organizational policy and practice. Students will have hands-on participation online with the class blog, http://upennsocialbook.wordpress.com, sharing relevant case studies, analyzing social media campaigns and critiquing their own organization's culture and values surrounding social media including social media policy, staff challenges, and evaluation of challenges and opportunities in its use.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH COMM & ACAD WRITING", number:"null", id:"35592", path:"/courses/35592", description:"Students will improve the grammar, word choice and organization of their professional writing by completing weekly writing assignments and a full-length research paper. Students will also give short oral presentations and receive feedback on pronunciation, wording, grammar and organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS & POPULAR CULT.", number:"null", id:"39870", path:"/courses/39870", description:"This is a workshop-oriented course that will concentrate on all aspects of writing about artistic endeavor, including criticism, reviews, profiles, interviews and essays. For the purposes of this class, the arts will be interpreted broadly, and students will be able -- and, in fact, encouraged -- to write about both the fine arts and popular culture. Students will be doing a great deal of writing throughout the course, but the main focus will be a 3000-word piece about an artist or arts organization in Philadelphia (or another location approved by the instructor) that will involve extensive reporting, interviews and research. Potential subjects can range from a local band to a museum, from a theater group to a comedian.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APP OF SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"39817", path:"/courses/39817", description:"This course will discuss a number of canonical problems and show how numerical methods are used to solve them. Lectures will introduce the underlying theory and the relevant numerical methods. Students will be expected to implement solutions to the problems using MATLAB. The course will use the visualization capabilities of MATLAB to provide students with a geometric interpretation of the key ideas underlying the numerical methods. Topics to be covered will include: The solution of systems of linear systems equations with application to problems such as force balance analysis and global illumination computation. Representing and computing coordinate transformations with applications to problems in graphics, vision and robotics. Transform Coding with applications to the analysis of audio signals and image compression. Analysis of variance and the search for low dimensional representations for high dimensional data sets egs. Google's PageRank algorithm. Least Squares model fitting with applications to data analysis. Analysis of linear dynamical systems with applications to understanding the modes of vibration of mechanical systems. The analysis of stochastic systems governed by state transition matrices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CITIES & SUSTAINABILITY", number:"null", id:"36619", path:"/courses/36619", description:"A good idea is not enough - developing innovative and sustainable projects in cities requires understanding 'how to get things done.' Developing projects to promote sustainability in major US cities requires sensitivity to the political and operational context within which cities implement innovative initiatives. Cities and Sustainability uses Philadelphia as a case study to explore the issues confronting modern American metropolises as they look to manage their resources and promote environmentally friendly policies. URBS 417 will introduce students to leading Philadelphia practitioners of sustainability and municipal projects. Students will be given the tools to politically, economically and critically analyze various sustainable policy initiatives across the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP", number:"null", id:"36112", path:"/courses/36112", description:"Leaders mobilize resources toward valued goals. In this course -- based on Prof. Stew Friedman's bestselling book, Total Leadership: Be a Better Leader, Have a Richer Life -- the focus is on growing the student's capacity as a leader in all parts of life. The purpose is to learn practical and customized lessons about how to improve performance and results at work, at home, in the community, and in the private self (mind, body, spirit) by finding mutual value among these four domains. The core idea is that leadership is about making a difference in all aspects of one's life; this course offers students the opportunity to practice the skills needed to do so, now and in the future. Students learn and apply key leadership principles and actively explore what it means for them to be real (to act with authenticity by clarifying what's important), to be whole (to act with integrity by respecting the whole person), and to be innovative (to act with creativity by experimenting with how things get done). Please visit www.totalleadership.org to learn more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL ECONOMIC HISTORY: Global Economic History: Structure and Change", number:"null", id:"38784", path:"/courses/38784", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW PRODUCT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40342", path:"/courses/40342", description:"This course provides a total immersion in the new product development process - from sourcing ideas and innovation, through new product sales forecasting. The focus is on collective learning, what works, what doesn't, and why. While the primary focus is the new product development process within a corporate structure, some coverage is given to key issues surrounding start-ups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"41983", path:"/courses/41983", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO NANOSCALE MATL", number:"null", id:"43155", path:"/courses/43155", description:"The purpose of this course is: 1) to introduce key concepts underlying the design, properties and processing of functional materials and their applications, and 2) to apply these concepts in the rapidly growing field of nanomaterials and nanotechnology. Fundamental chemical and physical principles underlying electronic, dielectric, optical and magnetic properties will be developed in the context of metals, semiconductors, insulators, crystals, glasses, polymers and ceramics. Miniaturization and the nanotechnology revolution confronts materials science with challenges and opportunities. Examples in which nanoscale materials exhibit qualitatively different properties compared to bulk will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"37196", path:"/courses/37196", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the framework and evolution of U.S. capital markets, the instruments that are traded, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, and the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will highlight the problems that capital market participants are seeking to solve, which you can use in your post-Wharton careers to evaluate future market innovations. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. We will draw from events in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis, which illustrate financing innovations and associated risks, as well as policy responses that can change the nature of these markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINA'S LAST EMP/QING: China's Last Empire: The Qing", number:"null", id:"42616", path:"/courses/42616", description:"In 1800, Beijing ruled the world's biggest, wealthiest, and most powerful empire. The Emperor, ruler of China's Qing dynasty, was a sage monarch, a Confucian scholar, even a Bodhisattva on the throne, but his not too distant ancestors had been hunters, ginseng smugglers, and soldiers of fortune in the forests of Manchuria speaking Manchu-a language closer to Mongolian and Turkish than to Chinese. This course will explore how the military organization of these dissident chiefs in the forest came to command all the resources of Chinese statecraft, scholarship, and economy and how by yoking these Chinese management skills to the Manchu 'frontier style' built arguably the most successful empire in Asian history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF ANIMALS", number:"null", id:"43711", path:"/courses/43711", description:"This course introduces the study of animal bones from archaeological sites. Faunal analysis is an interdisciplinary science which draws methods from archaeology, biology, and paleontology. Bones, shells, and other remains yield evidence for the use of animals by humans, and evidence for the biology of animals and for past environments. The course will focus on research approaches to important transitions in human-animal relationships: the development of human hunting and fishing, animal domestication, early pastoralism, and the emergence of market economies in animal products. Class presentations will include lectures and discussion concerning research design and archaeological case material, with additional videos, slidework with field and laboratory equipment, and supervised work identifying and describing archaeological materials from the University Museum's collections. This class is taught in the Zooarchaeology Laboratory of the Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HANDSCHRIFT-HYPERTEXT", number:"null", id:"42891", path:"/courses/42891", description:"This course will provide an introduction to German-language literary studies through exemplary readings of short forms: fables, fairy tales, aphorisms, stories, novellas, feuilletons, poems, songs, radio plays, film clips, web projects and others. Paying particular attention to how emergent technology influences genre, we will trace an evolution from Minnesang to rock songs, from early print culture to the internet age and from Handschrift to hypertext. Students will have ample opportunity to improve their spoken and written German through class discussion and a series of internet-based assignments. Readings and discussions in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING IN THE COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"37650", path:"/courses/37650", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of both communities as a whole (populations) and of groups, families, and individuals living within particular communities locally and globally. It addresses the complexity of nursing practice using a public health paradigm. It requires students to draw from prior class and clinical knowledge and skills and apply this practice base to communities across care settings, ages, and cultures with different experiences of equity and access to care. It provides the tools needed to engage in collaborative community work and to give voice to the community's strengths, needs, and goals. It also moves students from an individual and family focus to a population focus for health assessment and intervention. Students consider the science, policies, and resources that support public health, and community based and community-oriented care. Clinical and simulated experiences in community settings provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration in community settings. Students will have opportunities to care for patients and populations within selected communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH OF SOC RES", number:"null", id:"36518", path:"/courses/36518", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to field methods in sociological research, with a focus on participant-observation and interviewing. During this course, students will read original research based on field methods and discuss their strenghts, limitations, and ethical dilemmas. Most importantly, students will design their own research projects and become ethnographers and interviewers. Students will be guided through the fieldwork process from data collection to analysis, and will turn in multiple assignments and and original research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44183", path:"/courses/44183", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Some are as of financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester, Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN CLST: CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39446", path:"/courses/39446", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Classical Studies, the study of the languages, cultures, art, and history of the ancient Mediterranean world. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GO PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"42532", path:"/courses/42532", description:"C# is the premier programming language for the .NET framework. Over the last decade, the language has evolved to meet the needs of a variety of programming styles while supporting the ever-growing capabilities of the the .NET runtime and libraries. This course provides a thorough introduction to the C# language and the .NET framework, building on the skills gained in the introductory programming courses (CIS 110, CIS 120, or ESE 112). In addition to providing the student with a solid background in C#, this course also explores topics that the .NET platform exposes such as object oriented design, .NET runtime internals, and others based on class interest. A series of short, weekly homework assignments reinforces the concepts introduced in class and a group-based final project of the students' design allows them to apply their C# knowledge toward a substantial problem.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"45187", path:"/courses/45187", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal, ethical and cultural challenges they will face as business leaders. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGICAL AND SOCIAL DIVERSITY IN HEALTH AND WELLNESS", number:"null", id:"37626", path:"/courses/37626", description:"This course explores and integrates the intersection of psychological, cognitive, and social development with the lived experiences of individuals, families, and communities across the lifespan in order to conduct socially contextualized health assessments and health teaching. Extant theories will be critically analyzed and examined with respect to issues of health care access, health history, health promotion, and issues of equity and diversity from a life-course perspective. This knowledge will be synthesized and integrated with the development of the student's communication skills and interviewing processes necessary to develop socially attuned health history and teaching that promote psychological well being and healthy lifestyles. Simulated and observational experiences provide students with opportunities to acquire and apply knowledge necessary for conducting a comprehensive health history of an individual situated within a diverse community. They also provide opportunities to develop prioritized health teaching plans in partnership with that individual.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPHONE APP DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"36919", path:"/courses/36919", description:"This project-oriented course is centered around application development on the iOS platform, Apple's mobile operating system developed for the iPhone and other Apple mobile devices. The first half of the course will involve fundamentals of iPhone development, where students learn the Objective-C programming language for iOS, an object-oriented C dialect with Smalltalk-style messaging, as well as efficient memory management and event-based programming on the iOS platform. In the second half of the course, students work in teams to conceptualize and develop a significant iPhone application. Creativity and originality are highly encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDIA: CULTURE & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42102", path:"/courses/42102", description:"What makes India INDIA? Religion and Philosophy? Architectural splendor? Kingdoms? Caste? The position of women? This course will introduce students to India by studying a range of social and cultural institutions that have historically assumed to be definitive India. Through primary texts, novels and historical sociological analysis, we will ask how these institutions have been reproduced and transformed, and assess their significance for contemporary Indian society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONEY AND BANKING", number:"null", id:"41259", path:"/courses/41259", description:"Money and Banking. This course studies the role that financial markets, institutions, and money play in resource allocation. Financial intermediation and the role of banks in the economic system are analyzed and the economic rationale behind banking regulation is studies. The course examines how monetary policy influences interest rates and asset markets, such as the bond market and the stock market. Finally, the instruments and goals of monetary policy are discussed, focusing in particular on credibility and commitment for central banks. All of the questions are explored analytically, using the tools of economic theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO FORMAL LING", number:"null", id:"44436", path:"/courses/44436", description:"In this course, we study formal mathematical tools for the analysis of language that help us understand and classify the complex structures and rules that constitute language and grammar. These tools include set theory, formal language and automata theory, as well as aspects of logic, and will be applied to the syntax and semantics of natural language. In addition to learning something about formal tools for analyzing language, this will also enhance your general skills in analytical reasoning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISABILITY NARRATIVES", number:"null", id:"41285", path:"/courses/41285", description:"While the topic of this course varies from semester, its subject is always the relation between literature and socio-economic realitites: political, economic, social, and of identity. Past versions of English 105 have included 'The World of Work,' 'Disability Narratives,' and 'Conflict in Print.' Each devotes a number of weeks to the economic and social theories underlying its given subject in order to provide students with adequate background.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSONALITY & INDIV DIFF", number:"null", id:"39241", path:"/courses/39241", description:"This course provides an introduction to the psychology of personality and individual differences. Many psychology courses focus on the mind or brain; in contrast to those approaches of studying people in general, the focus in this course is on the question 'How are people different from each other?' It will highlight research that take a multidimensional approach to individual differences and attempts to integrate across the biological, cognitive-experimental, and social-cultural influences on personality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL TXT ANALYS", number:"null", id:"43959", path:"/courses/43959", description:"In this 'big data' era, presidents and popes tweet daily. Anyone can broadcast their thoughts and experiences through social media. Speeches, debates and events are recorded in online text archives. The resulting explosion of available textual data means that journalists and marketers summarize ideas and events by visualizing the results of textual analysis (the ubiquitous 'word cloud' just scratches the surface of what is possible). Automated text analysis reveals similarities and differences between groups of people and ideological positions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"37674", path:"/courses/37674", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGIN BUSINESS CHINESE", number:"null", id:"35457", path:"/courses/35457", description:"The course is designed for students and working professionals who have no prior exposure to Chinese, and are interested in conducting business in China. The objective of this course is to build a solid foundation of basic Chinese in the business context, with a main focus on speaking and listening. Upon Completion students are expected to be able to converse and interact with people in a variety of business settings. Topics in the course units include meeting people, talking about family, introducing companies, making inquiries and appointments, visiting company, introducing products, initiating dining invitations and practicing dining etiquette.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Quantitative Tools for Consulting", number:"null", id:"41469", path:"/courses/41469", description:"The purpose of the course is to study the theory and application of certain, key quantitative methods utilized in financial and fiscal decision-making in state and local governments: defining and measuring efficiency and equity; statistical analysis, multivariate analysis, linear and multipole regression; inter-temporal decision-making; and cost-benefit analysis. Primary emphasis will be on understanding the context and quantitative basics of these methods to prepare students for effective careers in state and local governments. Each student should have a basic understanding of market economics, the roles of government in our market economy, accounting/budgeting basics, and the Philadelphia metro area economy and government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING LIFE-THREATENING ILLNESS FROM A PALLIATIVE CARE PERSPECTIVE", number:"null", id:"36249", path:"/courses/36249", description:"This course uses an evidence-based approach towards systematic assessment and management of common symptoms and symptom clusters accompanying progressive, life-limiting illnesses within a framework of nationally recognized standards and guidelines for palliative and end-of-life care. Students are prepared to apply principles of palliative management to diverse patient populations across clinical settings including acute, primary, long-term, and community care. Refer to course syllabus or email course faculty for respective requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS & POPULAR CULT.: THE ARTS AND POPULAR CULTURE:  BOB DYLAN", number:"null", id:"42681", path:"/courses/42681", description:"A creative writing workshop that concentrates on various aspects of writing about artistic endeavor, including criticism, reviews, profiles, interviews and essays. For the purposes of this class, the arts will be interpreted broadly, and students are able -- and, in fact, encouraged -- to write about both the fine arts and popular culture, including music, theater, film, fashion, photography and television. Students will write on a weekly basis, and many assignments will be tailored to each student's individual interests and are likely to include reporting and research. Writing subjects can range from a local band to a museum, from a theater group to a comedian. Course offerings may inclue Writing about Music, Writing about Popular Culture, or other topics and themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Business German: A Micro Perspective", number:"null", id:"44267", path:"/courses/44267", description:"This course is designed to enhance your speaking, reading and writing skills, in addition to helping you build a strong foundation in business vocabulary. Course objectives include acquiring skills in cross cultural communication, teamwork, business management, and creating a business plan. German grammar will be covered on a need be basis. This course will prepare you to perform and contribute while in a German-speaking business environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"40265", path:"/courses/40265", description:"Syllabus for MATH 370-371: an introduction to the basic concepts of modern algebra. Linear algebra, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices, groups, rings and fields. MATH 502-503 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURO BASIS OF AUTISM", number:"null", id:"42422", path:"/courses/42422", description:"This course examines the neurobiological processes underlying autism spectrum disorders. In this seminar course, we will first examine the brain phenotypes associated with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD), in addition to investigating the genetic and environmental contributions to the etiology and pathophysiology of ASD. After an initial examination of the clinical literature and research, we will focus on animal models of ASD, including those of syndromic causes of autism (Rett Syndrome, Tuberous Sclerosis, Fragile X) and investigate changes in neurotransmitter systems and synaptic dysfunctions in the brain of these models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL FIELDWORK IN NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE I", number:"null", id:"43278", path:"/courses/43278", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER EXPANSION-PACIFIC", number:"null", id:"41574", path:"/courses/41574", description:"This class will focus on America's expansion into the Pacific around the turn of the century with the acquisition of Hawaii and the Phillipines. It can deal with various issues, including the meaning of 'frontier,' colonialism, development of capitalist economies in the region, diplomacy, racism, migration, an American brand of Orientalism in encountering the 'natives' and 'heathens,'and histories of the West and the Pacific Islands in general.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL FRANCE", number:"null", id:"44240", path:"/courses/44240", description:"Please check the department's website for the course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING THROUGH MARCEL DUCHAMP", number:"null", id:"44072", path:"/courses/44072", description:"This is a year-long creative writing class, given as a collaboration between the Center for Programs in Contemporary Writing and the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Students will be encouraged to develop correspondent methods of responding to the PMA's exhibitions. The class will involve regular trips to attend concerts, museums and lectures. The students will have access to the most cutting-edge artists today via class visits and studio visits. English 165 will culminate in a publication of student work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HINDI I", number:"null", id:"40107", path:"/courses/40107", description:"In Intermediate Hindi the student continues to develop the four language skills, with an emphasis on real-life situations--through hearing and practicing conversation on everyday topics, reading a variety of authentic texts ranging from advertisements to short stories, watching segments of current films, and carrying out short research projects using Hindi sources. There is a strong emphasis on vocabulary development and on using contextually appropriate styles of spoken and written Hindi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTINUUM MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"37502", path:"/courses/37502", description:"This course serves as a basic introduction to the Mechanics of continuous media, and it will prepare the student for more advanced courses in solid and fluid mechanics. The topics to be covered include: Tensor algebra and calculus, Lagrangian and Eulerian kinematics, Cauchy and Piola-Kirchhoff stresses, General principles: conservation of mass, conservation of linear and angular momentum, energy and the first law of thermodynamics, entropy and the second law of thermodynamics; constitutive theory, ideal fluids, Newtonian and non-Newtonian fluids, finite elasticity, linear elasticity, materials with microstructure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATGIC MKTG SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"38960", path:"/courses/38960", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, Marketing 613 is an intensive immersion course designed to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The central activity will be participation in a realistic integrative product management simulation named SABRE. In SABRE, students will form management teams that oversee all critical aspects of modern product management: the design and marketing of new products, advertising budgeting and design, sales force sizing and allocation, and production planning. As in the real world, teams will compete for profitability, and the success that each team has in achieving this goal will be a major driver of the class assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMECHATRONICS", number:"null", id:"41009", path:"/courses/41009", description:"Mechatronics is the combination of mechanical, electrical and computer engineering principles in the design of electromechanical systems. Biomechatronics is the application of these principles to human biology and includes orthopaedic, hearing, respiratory, vision and cardiovascular applications. In this hands-on, project-based course, these biomechatronic systems will be explored. Students will learn the basic mechanical and electrical elements needed to complete a biomechatronic design challenge including basic circuits, design considerations, material fabrication, microcontrollers and mechanisms (e.g. converting rotational motion into linear motion). Students will carry out a final design project utilizing these building blocks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: POETRY", number:"null", id:"36010", path:"/courses/36010", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 203 or equivalent (such as placement score of 600). Continuous reading of several Latin authors in poetry (e.g., Ovid, Virgil, Horace) as well as some more complex prose, in combination with ongoing review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss language and interpretation. Note: Completion of Latin 204 with C- or higher fulfills Penn's Foreign Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CITIES & SUSTAINABILITY", number:"null", id:"43597", path:"/courses/43597", description:"A good idea is not enough - developing innovative and sustainable projects in cities requires understanding 'how to get things done.' Developing projects to promote sustainability in major US cities requires sensitivity to the political and operational context within which cities implement innovative initiatives. Cities and Sustainability uses Philadelphia as a case study to explore the issues confronting modern American metropolises as they look to manage their resources and promote environmentally friendly policies. URBS 417 will introduce students to leading Philadelphia practitioners of sustainability and municipal projects. Students will be given the tools to politically, economically and critically analyze various sustainable policy initiatives across the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL TIME EMBEDDED SYS", number:"null", id:"35720", path:"/courses/35720", description:"The use of distributed wireless sensor networks has surged in popularity in recent years with applications ranging from environmental monitoring, to people- and object-tracking in both cooperative and hostile environments. This course is targeted at understanding and obtaining hands-on experience with the state-of-the-art in such wireless sensor networks which are often composed using relatively inexpensive sensor nodes that have low power consumption, low processing power and bandwidth. The course will span a variety of topics ranging from radio communications, network stack, systems infrastructure including QoS support and energy management, programming paradigms, distributed algorithms and example applications. Some guest lectures may be given.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE IV", number:"null", id:"37434", path:"/courses/37434", description:"Increases the emphasis on more abstract and challenging conversational and narrative range. Includes receptive and expressive readiness activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; various aspects of Deaf culture and cultural behavior rules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS I", number:"null", id:"44481", path:"/courses/44481", description:"Thermodynamics studies the fundamental concepts related to energy conversion in such mechanical systems as internal and external combustion engines (including automobile and aircraft engines), compressors, pumps, refrigerators, and turbines. This course is intended for students in mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, materials science, physics and other fields. The topics include properties of pure substances, firs-law analysis of closed systems and control volumes, reversibility and irreversibility, entropy, second-law analysis, exergy, power and refrigeration cycles, and their engineering applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACH DESIGN & MANUFACT", number:"null", id:"36082", path:"/courses/36082", description:"Building upon the fundamentals of mechanical design taught in MEAM 101, this hands-on, project-based course provides students with the knowledge and skills necessary to design, analyze, manufacture. and test fully-functional mechanical systems. Topics covered include an introduction to machine elements, analysis of the mechanics of machining, manufacturing technology, precision fabrication (milling, turning, and computer-controlled machining), metrology, tolerances, cutting-tool fundamentals and engineering materials. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN MUSICAL THEATRE", number:"null", id:"42204", path:"/courses/42204", description:"The American musical is an unapologetically popular art form, but many of the works that come from this tradition have advanced and contributed to the canon of theatre as a whole. In this course we will focus on both music and texts to explore ways in which the musical builds on existing theatrical traditions, as well as alters and reshapes them. Finally, it is precisely because the musical is a popular theatrical form that we can discuss changing public tastes, and the financial pressures inherent in mounting a production. Beginning with early roots in operetta, we will survey the works of prominent writers in the American musical theatre, including Kern, Berlin, Gershwin, Porter, Rodgers, Hart, Hammerstein, Bernstein, Sondheim and others. Class lecture/discussions will be illustrated with recorded examples.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MID EAST WATER IN HIST", number:"null", id:"41814", path:"/courses/41814", description:"The role of water in the Middle East cannot be overstated. The Middle East is an arid region, but human and natural systems have interacted to determine relative water scarcity and abundance at different times and places. The location, accessibility, yield, and quality of natural and managed water resources significantly influenced the location and longevity of ancient and modern settlements. Control of water has always affected the economic, political, social life of the communities inhabiting these settlements. This course examines the distribution of water resources throughout the Middle East and the archaeology and anthropology of water exploitation and management over the last 9000 years. It will consider water in river valleys, deserts, highland zones, steppes, and coastal areas of Mesopotamia, Egypt, the Levant, and Arabia from environmental, political, social, cultural, and technical perspectives. We will engage with a variety of media, including academic readings, popular journalism, films, satellite imagery, and digital maps.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"43085", path:"/courses/43085", description:"Continuation of MATH 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREHISTORY - RENAISSANCE: INTRO TO WESTERN ART", number:"null", id:"39548", path:"/courses/39548", description:"This is a double introduction: to looking at the visual arts; and, to the ancient and medieval cities and empires of three continents - ancient Egypt, the Middle East and Iran, the Minoan and Mycenaean Bronze Age, the Greek and Roman Mediterranean, and the early Islamic, early Byzantine and western Medieval world. Using images, contemporary texts, and art in our city, we examine the changing forms of art, architecture and landscape architecture, and the roles of visual culture for political, social and religious activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENSEMBLE PERFORMANCE: UNIV. WIND ENSEMBLE", number:"null", id:"43169", path:"/courses/43169", description:"Successful participation in a music department sponsored group. Ensemble groups: University Orchestra, University Wind Ensemble, Choral Society, University Choir, Ancient Voices, Baroque and Recorder Ensemble, Chamber Music Society, Arab Music Ensemble, Samba and Jazz Combo. This course must be taken for a letter grade (Pass/Fail registration option may not be utilized for this course).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"18TH-C BRIT LIT & CULTR: THE LITERATURE OF NATION AND EMPIRE", number:"null", id:"41272", path:"/courses/41272", description:"An introduction to British literary and cultural history in the eighteenth century. Typically, this course will contain materials from the later seventeenth to the early nineteenth centuries--from the Restoration and Glorious Revolution through the Englightenment, the American and French Revolutions, and the Napoloeonic Wars--though it need not cover the entire period. We will read plays, poetry and prose in order to understand the aesthetic, intellectual, social and political issues of literary production and achievement in this period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38605", path:"/courses/38605", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide the framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART AND BUSINESS OF FILM", number:"null", id:"38301", path:"/courses/38301", description:"The course will explore how a screenplay is conceptualized and developed, the role of agency relationships in the film business, and - casting as wide a net as possible - the financing, production, direction, distribution, exhibition and marketing of both independent and studio films. A combination of lectures by instructors and practitioners, case studies, film screenings, and consulting projects with independent and Hollywood creators, packagers, financiers, exhibitors, distributors and publicists will illustrate the relationship between the art of film and the business of film. Guests will include screenwriters, agents, producers, directors, distributors, film festival curators and film critics. In short, we will try to cover all aspects of making a film, and explore that often-tricky intersection of art and commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"42638", path:"/courses/42638", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"43952", path:"/courses/43952", description:"How cities communicate has had to evolve with the times and circumstances. Even as there is extraordinary optimism about the future of America's cities, most continue to grapple with the devastating effects of 20th century deindustrialization and racial disparities in education, income, housing, and health and unplanned crisis. It has become the task of municipal leadership to both balance the demands of disparate interests, govern fairly and effectively and communicate to various constituency about policy and government's role. In the age of social media that perpetuates a 24/7 news cycle, municipal governments and their leadership have had to respond to queries, concerns and circumstances while governing, all in new ways. Using personal experiences from serving 4 US Big City Mayors. I will provide examples about how cities have had to communicate through the varying levels of leadership during times of crisis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"36349", path:"/courses/36349", description:"Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"42814", path:"/courses/42814", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44670", path:"/courses/44670", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice. Please note, the online version of this course has a synchronous component (live online class sessions). The day/time will be listed in the course register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND INDUS CATALYTC PROC", number:"null", id:"42472", path:"/courses/42472", description:"A survey of heterogeneous catalysis as applied to some of the most important industrial processes. The tools used to synthesize and characterize practical catalysts will be discussed, along with the industrial processes that use them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"41189", path:"/courses/41189", description:"This course introduces students to the theoretical models and research methods used to study communication and behavior, with a focus on mass media processes and effects. Topics examined include: the social construction of meaning through communication, effects of media violence, children's responses to educational television, the political impact of the news, and the influence of social media on relationships, and the role of media in creating and perpetuating gender, racial, and ethnic stereotypes. The aim of the course is to provide students with (1) a general understanding of research on attitudinal and behavioral aspects of mediated and interpersonal communication, and (2) the basic conceptual tools needed to critically evaluate the assumptions, theories, and empirical evidence supporting conclusions about communication behavior and media effects. Toward this end, thought the paradigms of critical and cultural studies will be reviewed briefly, the class will focus on social scientific approaches to understanding communication behavior. Students have the option of producing a multi-media capstone project or writing a term paper on a communication behavior-related topic of their choice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE FAMILY", number:"null", id:"43484", path:"/courses/43484", description:"Most men and women get married during their lifetimes. In addition, most men and women become fathers and mothers at some point. This class presents social science evidence on the family. For example, it shows how 'greedy' workplaces, which require long work hours, create work-family conflicts for husbands and wives. The class also illuminates how men and women have different experiences within families. The lectures will also examine how economic inequality shapes family life. Students will have the opportunity to apply key concepts to daily life. All are welcome.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED TAIWANESE II", number:"null", id:"42506", path:"/courses/42506", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABCS CHEMISTRY OUTREACH", number:"null", id:"42476", path:"/courses/42476", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WAR AND REPRESENTATION:  WAR, TRAUMA AND REPRESENTATION IN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"45127", path:"/courses/45127", description:"This class will explore complications of representing war in the 20th and 21st centuries. War poses problems of perception, knowledge, and language. The notional 'fog of war' describes a disturbing discrepancy between agents and actions of war; the extreme nature of the violence of warfare tests the limits of cognition, emotion, and memory; war's traditional dependence on declaration is often warped by language games--'police action,' 'military intervention,' 'nation-building,' or palpably unnamed and unacknowledged state violence. Faced with the radical uncertainty that forms of war bring, modern and contemporary authors have experimented in historically, geographically, experientially and artistically particular ways, forcing us to reconsider even seemingly basic definitions of what a war story can be. Where does a war narrative happen? On the battlefield, in the internment camp, in the suburbs, in the ocean, in the ruins of cities, in the bloodstream? Who narrates war? Soldiers, refugees, gossips, economists, witnesses, bureaucrats, survivors, children, journalists, descendants and inheritors of trauma, historians, those who were never there? How does literature respond to the rise of terrorist or ideology war, the philosophical and material consequences of biological and cyber wars, the role of the nuclear state? How does the problem of war and", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIMARY CARE: DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"41877", path:"/courses/41877", description:"This course focuses on development of critical thinking skills to address health care problems of adults across the lifespan, with an emphasis on middle-aged and older adults, develop differential problem solving skills and determine appropriate management interventions. The management of common acute and chronic health conditions will include evidence based primary preventions, drug and treatment therapeutics, and referral to other health care providers. Students have the opportunity to build on previously acquired skills and to apply concepts of primary care to manage the health problems of adults across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Academic Writing (NON-LPS)", number:"null", id:"45323", path:"/courses/45323", description:"Does not fulfill the Writing Requirement. This course will focus on the fundamentals of academic writing with the goal of sharpening students' critical reading and writing skills. We will pay special attention to reasoning, formulating, developing, and revising arguments and explanations. Emphasizing the basics of rhetoric, we will practice theorizing and writing for the various audiences and genres they will encounter in college and beyond. In addition, we will focus on finding and citing sources, and will consider some of the finer points of mechanics, usage, and style.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC DSGN AUTOM", number:"null", id:"35723", path:"/courses/35723", description:"Formulation, automation, and analysis of design mapping problems with emphasis on VLSI and computational realizations. Major themes include: formulating and abstracting problems, figures of merit (e.g. Energy, Delay, Throughput, Area, Mapping Time), representation, traditional decomposition of flow (logic optimization, covering, scheduling, retiming, assignment, partitioning, placement, routing), and techniques for solving problems (e.g., greedy, dynamic programming, search, (integer) linear programming, graph algorithms, randomization, satisfiability).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGHER DIMENSIONS IN LIT", number:"null", id:"36966", path:"/courses/36966", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"40306", path:"/courses/40306", description:"Management 238 is an organizational behavior course, examining individual, interpersonal, and group effectiveness at work. Topics range from decision- making, motivation, and personality to networks, influence, helping, leadership, teamwork, and organizational culture. The learning method is heavily experiential, with a focus on applying key principles to the human side of management in role-play exercises, simulations, and group projects in local organizations. This course requires the instructor's permission. Registration is by application only; Penn In Touch requests will not be processed. The link to the application form will be available on the Management Department's website: https://mgmt.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/undergraduate, beginning March 14, 2016. The deadline for applications is March 25, 2016 at 5 PM. Students will be notified after April 1, 2016 regarding the status of their application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILO PROB JOURN", number:"null", id:"42591", path:"/courses/42591", description:"An exploration of the relationship between journalism and philosophy by examining particular issues in epistenmology, political philosophy, ethics, and aesthetics. Among likely topics: the concept of a 'fact'; the role of the press in the state; whether journalists (like doctors and lawyers) opperate according to a specialized 'professional' ethics; and the limits of journalism as a literary or visual genre. Course reading will include philosophical texts, breaking print journalism, and blogs that specialize in media issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PROB & PUB POLICY", number:"null", id:"42118", path:"/courses/42118", description:"This course approaches some of today's important social and political issues from a sociological vantage point. The course begins by asking where social problems come from. The main sociological perspectives of Marx, Weber and Durkheim are developed in connection with the issues of inequality, social conflict and community. We then turn to the social construction of social problems by examining how various issues become defined as social problems. This involves a consideration of the role of the media, social experts and social movements. The last section of the course considers how social problems are addressed. Here we discuss the relative strengths and weaknesses of government programs and regulations versus market-based approached. We also discuss the role of philanthropy and volunteerism. Finally, we consider the risk of unanticipated consequences of reforms. Along the way, we will consider a variety of social issues and social problems, including poverty, immigration, crime, global warming, and education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"43406", path:"/courses/43406", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECOMMENDED BY JAMES FRANCO (MOSTLY)", number:"null", id:"38447", path:"/courses/38447", description:"The readings for this course expose the student to a wide range of American fiction and poetry since World War II, giving considerable attention to recent work. Works may include All The King's Men by Robert Penn Warren, Herzog by Saul Bellow, On The Road by Jack Kerouac, V by Thomas Pynchon, Of Love and Dust by Ernest J.Gaines, A Flag For Sunrise by Robert Stone, The Killing Ground by Mary Lee Settle, and selected poem by Ginsberg, Plath, and Walcott. Readings vary from term to term.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETIC PHENOMEN", number:"null", id:"36361", path:"/courses/36361", description:"Survey of electrodynamics, focusing on applications to research done in the Department. Topics include mathematical structure and relativistic invariance properties of Maxwell equations, tensor methods, and the generation and scattering of radiation, in vacuum and in materials. Applications vary from year to year but include optical manipulation, astrophysical phenomena, and the generalizations from Maxwell's theory to those of other fundamental interactions (strong, electroweak, and gravitational forces).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"After Odysseus. On Hospitality in France, North Africa & the Mediterranean", number:"null", id:"41467", path:"/courses/41467", description:"Please see the department's website for current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIP HOP HISTORY1965-2005", number:"null", id:"38053", path:"/courses/38053", description:"Hip Hop History examines the cultural phenomenon through its development, history, communication style, dance form, music, and artistic process. Throughout the course students will explore the dynamics of race, gender, youth, and class. The course will employ various sources for analysis and information including: videos, commercials, movies, songs and other multimedia sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAND OF THE PHARAOHS", number:"null", id:"43190", path:"/courses/43190", description:"This course provides an introduction to the society, culture and history of ancient Egypt. The objective of the course is to provide an understanding of the characteristics of the civilization of ancient Egypt and how that ancient society succeeded as one of the most successful and long-lived civilizations in world history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"35864", path:"/courses/35864", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules and prepares students well for GRMN 104 and a minor or major in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE: THE ROLE OF INNATE IMMUNITY IN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"39628", path:"/courses/39628", description:"All organisms, from bacteria to humans, rely on innate, non-specific defense systems to protect against infection and mediate damage. Even in organisms that can generate highly specific and efficient adaptive responses, such as humans, defects in innate immune system components can be fatal. In this course, we will examine the cellular and molecular mechanisms of the components of the innate immune system through discussion of primary literature. We will explore how the innate immune system influences the course of infections and cancer, as well as autoinflammatory disorders that lead to host tissue damage. Though our focus will be on mammalian immunity, we will also explore the evolutionary development of innate immunity through comparison of systems in different organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"44946", path:"/courses/44946", description:"Spanish 140 is a fourth-semester language course that both reinforces and enhances the communicative skills (listening, speaking, reading and writing) previously acquired while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Class activities are designed so that students can build up these four skills in order to function at an intermediate language level. Readings focused on contemporary social and political issues of the Hispanic world will advance your knowledge of Hispanic and cultural practices while increasing your intercultural competence. Unique to this course is the preparation of an oral presentation on a topic related to the Hispanic world throughout the semester and presented during the last days of classes. The purpose of this task is to help students develop their presentational competence in Spanish. Conducted entirely in Spanish, this class will provide students with ample opportunties to work in small groups and in pairs while gaining confidence communicating in Spanish. This course satisfies the language requirement at Penn. Goals: By the end of this course, students can expect to handle a variety of situations in a Spanish-speaking setting, such as:", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS:MECH,HEAT,SOUND: Mechanics, Heat and Sound", number:"null", id:"45274", path:"/courses/45274", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of motion, including kinematics, forces in nature, Newton's laws of motion, conservation of energy and momentum, fluid statics and dynamics, oscillations, and waves. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 101 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"42848", path:"/courses/42848", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve communicative skills through extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It aims to enhance student understanding of contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression by promoting both cross-cultural understanding and critical thinking and developing students' communicative abilities (in the presentational, interpretive, and interpersonal modes). The specific language functions we will focus on are: narration; description; offering and soliciting advice and opinions; expressing feelings; critique and analysis; argumentation. It is organized around the themes of current events, identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). The oral work include video blogs and group presentations on selected topics and current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects. On completing this course, students will feel more confident and be able to speak and write effectively on a range of contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT POLICY IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"43600", path:"/courses/43600", description:"This course examines how public policy influences housing markets and how markets influence public policy. The course reviews the development of housing policy since World War II and how shifts in policy have influenced people's ability to find suitable shelter. Topics include: poverty and affordability, residential segregation / civil rights in housing, the financial crisis of 2008, mortgage foreclosure, affordable housing, and homelessness. The course focuses on the changing roles of different levels of government in housing policy and how the financial sector, the construction industry, and non-governmental organizations influence Americans housing options.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED POETRY WRITING", number:"null", id:"38461", path:"/courses/38461", description:"This workshop is especially valuable for creative writing concentrators in poetry within the English Major, for those who are working on longer works, or for those who wish to work on a series of poems connected by style and subject matter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERDISCIPLINARY STUDIO: SITES OF COLOR, CONVERGENCE AND HYBRIDITY", number:"null", id:"35762", path:"/courses/35762", description:"This course takes an experimental multimedia approach to investigating some of the boundaries in contemporary art making practices. Painting, photography, video, design and sculpture intersect, overlap, and converge in complicated ways. Projects will be designed to explore hybrid forms, collage, space/ installation, and color through a variety of strategic and conceptual proposals as students work towards unique ways of expanding their own work. Weekly readings, critiques, and presentations will be integrated with studio projects. This studio/seminar is appropriate for students at all levels and from all areas of Fine Arts and Design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L ORDER-MAKING: International Order-making", number:"null", id:"35973", path:"/courses/35973", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGIOUS VISUAL CULTURE: SEEING IS BELIEVING", number:"null", id:"39275", path:"/courses/39275", description:"Seeing is Believing engages in a historical, theoretical, and cross-cultural analysis of the place of visuality in religion and of religion in visual culture. We will examine images, buildings, places, objects, performances and events. The geographical, cultural and historical scope of the material is broad, including subjects from Europe, the Islamic World, non-Muslim South Asia, the US and Latin America from the medieval period until the present. Theoretical works will be read in conjunction with representative examples to invite intellectual engagement in a socially and historically grounded way. Important issues to be covered include the relationship of visual to material culture; visual theories versus theories of vision; locating religion in human sensory experience; perception at individual and collective levels; authentics, fakes and simulacra; iconoclasm and image veneration; aesthetics, use and utility; and things.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DANTE'S DIVINE COMEDY", number:"null", id:"43004", path:"/courses/43004", description:"In this course we will read the Inferno, the Purgatorio and the Paradiso, focusing on a series of interrelated problems raised by the poem: authority, fiction, history, politics and language. Particular attention will be given to how the Commedia presents itself as Dante's autobiography, and to how the autobiographical narrative serves as a unifying thread for this supremely rich literary text. Supplementary readings will include Virgil's Aeneid and selections from Ovid's Metamorphoses. All readings and written work will be in English. Italian or Italian Studies credit will require reading Italian texts in their original language and writing about their themes in Italian. This course may be taken for graduate credit, but additional work and meetings with the instructor will be required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS ADV KOREAN", number:"null", id:"40199", path:"/courses/40199", description:"This course aims to develop an in-depth understanding of Korean culture and society through the analysis of spoken and written Korean discourse. Students will engage with key sociolinguistic concepts of politeness, hierarchy, solidarity, power, age, and gender, and enhance their advanced vocabulary, grammar, and conversational skills. Students will also develop their abilities in conversation management, self-presentation, socialization, and sense of socio-cultural appropriateness, and gain a better understanding of how native speakers cultural practices are reflected in language use and how interpersonal relationships are built and maintained through language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINUX/UNIX SKILLS", number:"null", id:"36917", path:"/courses/36917", description:"Unix, in its many forms, runs much of the world's computer infrastructure, from cable modems and cell phones to the giant clusters that power Google and Amazon. This half-credit course provides a thorough introduction to Unix and Linux. Topics will range from critical basic skills such as examin and editing files, compiling programs and writing shell scripts, to higher level topics such as the architecture of Unix and its programming model. The material learned is applicable to many classes, including CIS 240, CIS 331, CIS 341, CIS 371, and CIS 380.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"44209", path:"/courses/44209", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the instruments traded in modern financial markets, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, as well as, the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will balance functional and institutional perspectives by highlighting the problems capital markets participants are seeking to solve, as well as, the existing assets and markets which have arisen to accomplish these goals. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. The course is taught in lecture format, and illustrates key concepts by drawing on a collection of case studies and visits from industry experts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FICTION WRITING", number:"null", id:"41291", path:"/courses/41291", description:"The writing of individually selected projects (a novel, a group of short stories) with reading assignments and discussion of student works-in-progress.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Geotechnical Science", number:"null", id:"41477", path:"/courses/41477", description:"Open to architectural and engineering majors as well as Ben Franklin Scholars. Field trips. Relations of rocks, rock structures, soils, ground water, and geologic agents to architectural, engineering, and land-use problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMED IMAGE ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35514", path:"/courses/35514", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of advanced quantitative image analysis that apply to all of the major and emerging modalities in biological/biomaterials imaging and in vivo biomedical imaging. While traditional image processing techniques will be discussed to provide context, the emphasis will be on cutting edge aspects of all areas of image analysis (including registration, segmentation, and high-dimensional statistical analysis). Significant coverage of state-of-the-art biomedical research and clinical applications will be incorporated to reinforce the theoretical basis of the analysis methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR DEVELOP PSYCH: PSYCH OF IMAGINATION", number:"null", id:"43429", path:"/courses/43429", description:"PSYC 480-301 (Brannon): The field of educational neuroscience is an emerging field with the goal of joining knowledge gained from the disciplines of neuroscience, cognitive science, developmental psychology,and education. This interdisciplinary course will focus on how scientific exploration of the mind and brain can inform educational practices. PSYC 480-302 (Connolly): This advanced discussion-based seminar will focus on approaches to success in domains of modern life such as social living and academia. The first portion of this seminar will be a psychology book club where we read various books written by psychology researchers. This will contribute to an ongoing discussion about scientific communication, and the presentation of psychological research to various audiences. From there, students will focus on a specific area of interest, and write a literature review based on contemporary empirical research critiquing their given topic. Students must understand the workload for this seminar requires intensive reading culminating in a large written assignment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDTIONS SOC COG NEUROSC", number:"null", id:"42059", path:"/courses/42059", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF CELL BIO", number:"null", id:"45108", path:"/courses/45108", description:"An intermediate level exploration of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"40374", path:"/courses/40374", description:"Instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"45264", path:"/courses/45264", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMATION & IMPLEMENT: FORMATION & IMPLEMENTATION OF ENTREP VENTURES", number:"null", id:"36126", path:"/courses/36126", description:"This advanced course in entrepreneurship centers on writing a comprehensive business plan and implementation plan for a venture of your choice. The course examines ways to profitably launch and exploit business opportunities (as opposed to what opportunity to explore). It will allow you to acquire the skill set necessary for crafting a winning business model for your venture - developing and writing a coherent and effective plan to start a business in either an independent or a corporate setting. The venture must distinguish itself from existing companies through differential innovation; for example, through an innovative product or service, an innovative production process, a new business model, or by creating a new market. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH", number:"null", id:"41448", path:"/courses/41448", description:"French 121 is an intensive one-semester language course for students who have had some French before but who can benefit from a complete review of elementary French. This course will provide a re-introduction of the basic structures of French, with intensive work on speaking and listening designed to prepare students to take Intermediate French. Due to the nature of the course, the first half of the semester will progress rapidly, with much more difficult material being presented after the midterm period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUALITATIVE PARADIGM EMPIRICAL NURSING RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"40487", path:"/courses/40487", description:"Study of selected qualitative paradigm empirical research approaches, including design and methodology. Critique of selected qualitative research reports from the literature of nursing and related disciplines. Fieldwork exercise and research proposal required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"36049", path:"/courses/36049", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION I", number:"null", id:"37699", path:"/courses/37699", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on ambulatory care. Clinical practice in all areas of ambulatory women's health care, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE METHODS II", number:"null", id:"43509", path:"/courses/43509", description:"As the second part of a two-semester sequence, this graduate course focuses on regression analysis as used in social science research. In particular, we discuss features and assumptions of linear regression and logistic regression models. We learn how to apply regression models to real social science data using Stata and how to interpret the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EURO ZONE CRISIS - THE EU IN A CURRENCY WAR FOR SURVIVAL?", number:"null", id:"40064", path:"/courses/40064", description:"'Let me put it simply...there may be a contradiction between the interests of the financial world and the interests of the political world... We cannot keep constantly explaining to our voters and our citizens why the taxpayer should bear the cost of certain risks and not those people who have earned a lot of money from taking those risks.' Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, at the G20 Summit, November 2010.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH-CENTURY AMERICAN LITERATURE:  LITERARY RADICALS", number:"null", id:"38482", path:"/courses/38482", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"41132", path:"/courses/41132", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THINKING WITH MODELS", number:"null", id:"39122", path:"/courses/39122", description:"This course focuses on agent-based computational models in the social sciences, especially in economic, in commercial and in strategic (game-theoretic) contexts. This relatively recent and now rapidly-developing form of computer simulation seeks to explain and predict complex social phenomena 'from the ground up', through interactions of comparatively simple agents. The course reviews experimental and theoretical results, and exposes the students to modern development environments for this form of simulation. Students have the opportunity to design and implement agent-based simulations. Programming, however, is not required. This course aims to integrate various topics in agent-based simulation, while developing an appreciation of the problems that are particularly characteristic of this form of simulation so that students will understand its promise and potential.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGH RISK NEONATAL THEORY I", number:"null", id:"39092", path:"/courses/39092", description:"This course focuses on the care of high-risk neonates within the context of the family unit. The biological and psychosocial aspects are studied as a basis for nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on the role of the Advanced Practice nurse in improving services to high-risk neonates with the purpose of decreasing mortality and morbidity rates and improving the quality of life of high-risk newborns and infants.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"43598", path:"/courses/43598", description:"This course provides an introduction to the economic and political theories that have come to shape, for better or for worse, the spatial characteristics of late 20th century urbanism. It is intended to offer a range of analytical approaches to understanding the urban structures and processes that strategies of community-based organizers and urban policy planners seek to influence. The course focuses on postwar U.S. cities (Chicago and other Midwestern/ Northeast rust belt cities in particular), though a number of readings explore these issues in broader contexts. As a way to further understand postwar US urbanism, we will expand our focus briefly to the geopolitical/international scale during the weeks on neoliberalism and microfinance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"42845", path:"/courses/42845", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN MGMT HEALTH INST", number:"null", id:"37287", path:"/courses/37287", description:"This course focuses on health care organizations' financial decisions in the changing health care landscape. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to utilize a range of financial tools and techniques for making value-added financial decisions in a variety of important contexts in the health care sector. The course involves case analyses and lectures, including presentations by practitioners with extensive real world experience. The course is organized around cases dealing with publicly-traded health care company valuation, valuation and return on investment of biopharmaceutical and medical technology development projects, valuation and deal structure for startup and early stage health care organizations, health plan pricing and finance, and health care provider risk-sharing arrangements. Each case is accompanied by background on tools, methods, institutions, and markets. Students seeking careers in health care finance and financial decision making. Students with more background will extend and enhance their analytical skills in a variety of important areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECN & GLOBAL ECONOM", number:"null", id:"41430", path:"/courses/41430", description:"This course is required for all students except those who, having prior training in macroeconomics, money and banking, and stabilization policy at an intermediate or advanced level, can obtain a waiver by passing an examination. The purpose of FNCE 613 is to train the student to think systematically about the current state of the economy and macroeconomic policy, and to be able to evaluate the economic environment within which business and financial decisions are made. The course emphasizes the use of economic theory to understand the workings of financial markets and the operation and impact of government policies. Specifically, the course studies the determinants of the level of national income, employment, investment, interest rates, the supply of money, inflation, exchange rates, and the formulation and operation of stabilization policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM & THE PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"42592", path:"/courses/42592", description:"This course examines the vital aspect of communication as a tool of the US Presidency. Reading and class discussions focus on case studies drawn primarily from Presidential administrations beginning with FDR) of the radio-television-internet era, studies that demonstrate the elements of successful and unsuccessful presidential initiatives and the critical factor of communication, common to both. Readings and discussion will cover the range of issues of presidential import; issues pertaining to war and peace, the drive for civil rights and equal rights, domestic prosperity and development, international leadership and issues attending the rise of an interdependent world and a global economy. The key objective and requirement of 395 is an individual paper project that centers on a presidential speech (or set of speeches) addressing a key national or international topic. Student papers are to be based in part on primary research, hence, Communications 395 is also an introduction to primary research methods and to the use of primary research materials housed in the Presidential library system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39617", path:"/courses/39617", description:"A conceptual view of cell structure and function including membrane structure, intracellular organelles, membrane trafficking, surface receptors and signal transduction, the cytoskeleton, cell motility and communication, and the cell cycle. Cell biology is a dynamic field and recent research discoveries will be included in the lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP GRAPH TECH", number:"null", id:"38316", path:"/courses/38316", description:"This course is focused on programming the essential geometric and mathematical concepts underlying modern computer graphics. Using 2D and 3D implementations, it covers fundamental topics on scene graphs, computational geometry, graphics algorithms, and user interface design. Programming languages introduced include C++, OpenGL, FLTK and Python.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ETHICS", number:"null", id:"35589", path:"/courses/35589", description:"The practice of engineering requires more than creativity, diligence, and technical knowledge: it demands the tools to manage the conflicting needs of clients, managers, and the public; an ability to act responsibly when problems arise; and, above all, strong communication skills. This course will examine the major ethical issues associated with engineering practice while enhancing students' technical writing. Through the study of important case studies like the Great Molasses Flood, the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster, and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, we will learn about the responsibilities of engineering professionals, as well as the causes and consequences of technological failure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOOD AND FEASTING: ARCHAEOLOGY OF THE TABLE", number:"null", id:"40930", path:"/courses/40930", description:"Food satisfies human needs on many levels. ANTH 248 explores the importance of food in human experience, starting with the nutritional and ecological aspects of food choice and going on to focus on the social and ritual significance of foods and feasts. Particular attention will be paid to the way that archaeologists and biological anthropologists find out about food use in the past. Contemporary observations about the central significance of eating as a social activity will be linked to the development of cuisines, economies, and civilizations in ancient times. The course will use lectures, discussions, films, food tastings, and fieldwork to explore the course themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"43769", path:"/courses/43769", description:"Lab-based course where students learn the fundamentals of medical device design through hands-on projects using microcontrollers. Students first learn basic design building blocks regularly employed in microcontroller-based medical devices, and then carry out a small design project using those building blocks. Projects are informed by reverse-engineering of competing products, FDA regulations, and marketplace considerations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: ART OF ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"43626", path:"/courses/43626", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"39174", path:"/courses/39174", description:"Classical laws of motions; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"35779", path:"/courses/35779", description:"This course focuses on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICALLY BASED CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"37622", path:"/courses/37622", description:"A contextual approach will be used in studying the concepts in General, Organic and Biological Chemistry that are foundational to an understanding of normal cellular processes. Topics that will be covered include measurements, atomic structure, bonding, chemical reactions, properties of gases and liquids, solutions, equilibrium, acids and bases, pH, buffers, nuclear chemistry, nomenclature and properties of the main organic functional groups, and the structures and function of carbohydrates, proteins and lipids.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"44744", path:"/courses/44744", description:"'What is philosophy? How does it differ from science, religion, literature, and other modes of human discourse? This course traces the origins of philosophy as a discipline in the Western tradition, looking to thinkers of Ancient Greece and Rome. We will examine how natural philosophers such as Thales, Anaximander, and Heraclitus distinguished their inquiries from the teachings of poets such as Homer and Hesiod; how ancient atomism had its origins in a response to Parmenides' challenge to the assumption that things change in the world; how Socrates reoriented the focus of philosophy away from the natural world and toward the fundamental ethical question, how shall I live? We will also examine how his pupil, Plato, and subsequently Aristotle, developed elaborate philosophical systems that address the nature of reality, knowledge, and human happiness. Finally, we will examine the ways in which later thinkers such as the Epicureans and Stoics transformed and extended the earlier tradition.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"35771", path:"/courses/35771", description:"The Spring semester seminar culminates in a senior thesis exhibition for each graduating student. These exhibitions have traditionally been held as a small group exhibition featuring a few students in one group, or as a larger end of semester exhibition with each student installing a series of works. The format of the exhibition will be determined during the fall semester by the senior faculty. The process of preparing, installing, and promoting the thesis exhibition is covered in detail throughout the semester. Students will work in their on-campus studio spaces to produce dynamic, thoughtful and well-crafted work that will serve as their final portfolio. They will present their portfolio of work during a final critique before graduation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY - AFR LG INT I", number:"null", id:"39495", path:"/courses/39495", description:"Intermediate level courses in a variety of African languages: Igbo, Shona, Wolof, Malagasy, Chichewa, Setswana, Manding, Afrikaans, Setswana. Focus on oral proficiency and productive language skills. All course are langauge specfic and follow ACTFL proficiency guidelines.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE COMM RESEARCH EXP", number:"null", id:"41198", path:"/courses/41198", description:"In this hands-on course students will work with active researchers in the Communication Neuroscience lab at Penn to gain experience in how research works. Research topics will depend on student interests, with emphasis on one or more of the following: social influence and persuasion, health communication, peer influence in teens, mobile technology, social media, emotion regulation, peace and conflict resolution, mindfulness, interpersonal communication, political communication, adolescent brain development, communication neuroscience. Students will have the opportunity to interact closely with a mentor and will gain experience conceptualizing research questions, designing experiments, collecting data, and making an analysis plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO PRACTICUM II", number:"null", id:"36159", path:"/courses/36159", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"38961", path:"/courses/38961", description:"Marketing begins and ends with the customer, from determining customers' needs and wants to providing customer satisfaction and maintaining customer relationships. This course examines the basic concepts and principles in customer behavior with the goal of understanding how these ideas can be used in marketing decision making. The class will consist of a mix of lectures, discussions, cases, assignments, project work and exams. Topics covered include customer psychological processes (e.g., motivation, perception, attitudes, decision-making) and their impact on marketing (e.g., segmentation, branding, customer satisfaction). The goal is to provide you with a set of approaches and concepts to consider when faced with a decision involving understanding customer responses to marketing actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"42802", path:"/courses/42802", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Some are as of financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester, Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPAN/MED PROFS", number:"null", id:"36540", path:"/courses/36540", description:"The goal of this course is to provide advanced practice in Spanish to those students who are interested in pursuing careers in the medical and health care fields. Through readings and authentic materials on contemporary health issues, for example, i.e., H1N1 influenza, comparative healthcare systems, obesity, ' chagas' s disease, etc., students will acquire the vocabulary and grammatical structures needed to discuss a wide array of topics pertaining to the health-related professions. Students will also gain awareness of those health care issues affecting the Hispanic/Latino patient. Oral and written presentations will complement topics covered in class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLINICAL PRACTIUM:DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"37673", path:"/courses/37673", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of middle-aged and older adults in a variety of ambulatory and occupational settings. Opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner with middle-aged and older adults and their families in the community. Interdisciplinary experiences will be pursued & collaborative practice emphasized. Students are expected to assess and begin to manage common chronic health problems in consultation with the appropriate provider of care. The initiation of health promotion & health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Includes 16 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMICS OF HERITAGE", number:"null", id:"40943", path:"/courses/40943", description:"Governmental resources for archaeological and heritage sites are declining worldwide while commercial and economic development initiatives are threatening the fabric of heritage and the larger landscape environment to ever greater degrees. As a consequence, the competition for resources to protect and preserve heritage is intensifying, as is the challenge of articulate the value of heritage resources vs. competing commercial or public projects. This is the context for understanding the issues surrounding the definition of the value of cultural heritage assets and the tools available for their measurement and management. This course explores in some depth issues relating to the economic analysis of heritage and culture. It is designed to provide students with a foundational understanding of the economics of heritage-related projects, the tools and techniques available for their analysis and the ethical and practical issues of public policy and private actions that determine the future of heritage resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH. SOCIAL RES", number:"null", id:"36528", path:"/courses/36528", description:"This course is designed to introduce graduate students to basic skills and concepts in ethnographi field research, including participant observation, interviewing, field documentation, and the scholarly presentation of qualitative data. Students will learn to apply these skills and concepts through an assigned set of exercises in concert with a semester-long project based on intensive fieldwork at a research site of their choosing. In addition, we will examine exemplars of published fieldwork in both classical and contemporary sociology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH IN AGE OF INFO: Math in the Media", number:"null", id:"36058", path:"/courses/36058", description:"This course counts as a regular elective for both the Mathematics Major and Minor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALY FOR REVENUE MGMT", number:"null", id:"43307", path:"/courses/43307", description:"This course introduces you to the essential concepts and techniques required tounderstand and implement revenue management (RM). The need for repeated, rapid and cycles of estimation and optimization has driven the development of a set of analytical tools that are particularly well suited for RM. This course focuses on those tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"42903", path:"/courses/42903", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT & MASS TRANSPORT", number:"null", id:"43839", path:"/courses/43839", description:"Steady-state heat conduction. The energy equation. Fourier's law. Unsteady-state conduction. Convective heat transfer. Radiation. Design of heat transfer equipment. Diffusion, fluxes, and component conservation equations. Convective mass transfer. Interphase mass transport coefficients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"36637", path:"/courses/36637", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH OF FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38894", path:"/courses/38894", description:"This course presents the basic mathematical tools to model financial markets and to make calculations about financial products, especially financial derivatives. Mathematical topics covered: stochastic processes, partial differential equations and their relationship. No background in finance is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & POL IN INT'L BUS", number:"null", id:"44411", path:"/courses/44411", description:"This course introduces students to the legal frameworks for regulating international business - national, regional, and international. Topics include mechanisms for dispute resolution, different standards on assigning nationality, jurisdictional and choice of law problems, controversies regarding the treatment of incoming foreign direct investment and expropriation of foreign-owned businesses, patterns in extraterritoriality, problems of clashing legal standards affecting areas like labor and the environment, and projects for creating more uniform rules governing the conduct of international business. Throughout students will be encouraged to evaluate the policy dimensions of laws and to develop their own critical perspectives regarding these.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AERODYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"44493", path:"/courses/44493", description:"Review of fluid kinematics and conservation laws; vorticity theorems; two-dimensional potential flow; airfoil theory; finite wings; oblique shocks; supersonic wing theory; laminar and turbulent boundary layers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOVIET CENT 1917-91", number:"null", id:"42931", path:"/courses/42931", description:"Out of an obscure, backward empire, the Soviet Union emerged to become the great political laboratory of the twentieth century. This course will trace the roots of the world's first socialist society and its attempts to recast human relations and human nature itself. Topics include the origins of the Revolution of 1917, the role of ideology in state policy and everyday life, the Soviet Union as the center of world communism, the challenge of ethnic diversity, and the reasons for the USSR's sudden implosion at the end of the century.Focusing on politics, society, culture, and their interaction, we will examine the rulers (from Lenin to Gorbachev) as well as the ruled (peasants, workers, and intellectuals; Russians and non-Russians). The course will feature discussions of selected texts, including primary sources in translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADVERTISNG", number:"null", id:"36139", path:"/courses/36139", description:"This course focuses on advertising via all media - print, digital, video, TV, Internet, etc. Emphasis is placed on understanding the communication development process and consumer behavior (psychology), the measurement and evaluation of advertising effects, and developing appropriate media plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED STUDIES II: ORTHODOXIES AND DISRUPTIONS", number:"null", id:"44355", path:"/courses/44355", description:"This course is the second semester of a two-semester sequence for first-year students admitted to the Collge's Integrated Studies Program. Topics will vary from year to year. For a current description, please see http://www.upenn.edu/curf/bfs/in-the-college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SMELL AND TASTE", number:"null", id:"43797", path:"/courses/43797", description:"All organisms respond to chemicals in their environment. This chemosensation guides diverse behaviors such as a feeding, avoiding predators, sex, and social interactions. This course will provide a broad survey of our current understanding of taste and smell, focusing on insect and rodent model systems as well as studies in humans. The course will begin with a review of chemical signal transduction mechanisms, and build to an exploration of the cortical integration of chemical signals and chemical guided behaviors. Class time will emphasize primary literature, discussion, and student presentations. The goal is to reach an integrated understanding of the physiology and psychology of chemical sensory systems. In the process, students will learn to read and critically evaluate data from primary research articles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"18TH-C BRIT LIT & CULTR: ENLIGHTENMENT VOYAGES", number:"null", id:"35621", path:"/courses/35621", description:"An introduction to British literary and cultural history in the eighteenth century. Typically, this course will contain materials from the later seventeenth to the early nineteenth centuries--from the Restoration and Glorious Revolution through the Englightenment, the American and French Revolutions, and the Napoloeonic Wars--though it need not cover the entire period. We will read plays, poetry and prose in order to understand the aesthetic, intellectual, social and political issues of literary production and achievement in this period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"St. Paul and His Interpreters", number:"null", id:"36462", path:"/courses/36462", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CANTONESE II", number:"null", id:"43875", path:"/courses/43875", description:"Beginning Cantonese is a preliminary course for spoken Cantonese. The course provides fundamental aspects of the dialect as experienced in daily life situations and will enable students to communicate in Cantonese for daily life needs, such as making phone calls, making purchases, getting around by various means of transportation, seeing a doctor, being a guest or a host at dinner, talking about the weather, talking about sports and entertainment, etc. The course will be completed in two semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS SEM PSYCH", number:"null", id:"36433", path:"/courses/36433", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in psychology. A two-semester sequence supporting the preparation of an honors thesis in psychology. Students will present their work in progress and develop skills in written and oral communication of scientific ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORIGINS & EVOL OF LANG: Origins & Evolution of Language", number:"null", id:"40235", path:"/courses/40235", description:"While communication is abundant throughout the living world, the human system we call language seems to stand out. Indeed, if humans themselves can be said to stand out among other species on Earth, it may well be language that played the crucial role in getting us here. So where does language come from? This question has been dubbed the hardest problem in science, but the last three decades have seen a notable renaissance in scientific attempts to answer it. This seminar will examine both the results of this multidisciplinary endeavor and the tools that have been employed in it. It will involve discussions of the nature of language and its place among other communication systems and will touch on fundamental questions of what it means to be human.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM MECHANICS I", number:"null", id:"40562", path:"/courses/40562", description:"Wave mechanics, complementarity and correspondence principles, semi-classical (WKB) approximation, bound state techniques, periodic potentials, angular momentum, scattering theory, phase shift analysis, and resonance phenomena.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPANISH CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"36538", path:"/courses/36538", description:"Must be a resident of the Modern Language College House.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"42807", path:"/courses/42807", description:"This course focuses on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO REAL ESTATE", number:"null", id:"40871", path:"/courses/40871", description:"The goal of this class is to help students become informed consumers of real estate advice. The class material breaks down into four major sections: 1) The financial risk and return of property level real estate investments. Be able to interpret, understand and evaluate a real estate property investment pro forma. 2) The legal landscape for investing in real estate and using legal structures to manage risk. 3) The economics of commercial real estate markets. Understanding the forces that will determine the value and income-producing potential of a real estate investment. 4) Important real estate issues of the day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"37904", path:"/courses/37904", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you shoud be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DIRECTING", number:"null", id:"37981", path:"/courses/37981", description:"This class will introduce the basic principals of stage directing, beginning with the fundamentals of three-dimensional storytelling in script and character analysis. The aim of this course is to provide students with a basic knowledge of directing through an introduction to the functional tools of the craft. Classes provide lectures and practical work in dealing with topics such as the function of the director, analyzing a script, visual composition, blocking, stage business, and working with actors. This course is a prerequisite for Advanced Directing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"43021", path:"/courses/43021", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. A continuation of the material offered in KORN 481: Advanced Business Korean I. Students continue to closely follow the current topics of business and financial markets of Korea by actively participating in discussions, research, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCCUPATIONAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL TOXICOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37682", path:"/courses/37682", description:"This course presents general principals of toxicology and the disposition of toxins in the body. Case studies of the effects of environmental and occupational toxins on individuals will be analyzed. This course is designed for students who desire a strong foundation in toxicological concepts and principals and provides an overview of major toxins in our environment and their association with human health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRACTICUM: QUALITY IMPROVEMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"39089", path:"/courses/39089", description:"Building on coursework that provided a broad overview of the principles and tools of quality improvement and patient safety in healthcare, students will apply this knowledge through completion of a mentored quality improvement project in a healthcare organization. In collaboration with faculty and health organization preceptors, students will identify a quality improvement opportunity and develop specific project objectives including, but not limited to, the use of appropriate tools, identification of measureable aims and evaluation methods, sustainable recommendations for process improvement and a comprehensive report of findings and recommendations. This course is part of the Quality Improvement and Safety Processes in Healthcare Minor and should be completed by the student as the capstone course in that minor; students engage in 192 hours of on-site project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: COSTUMES & IDENTITY", number:"null", id:"42251", path:"/courses/42251", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE", number:"null", id:"41150", path:"/courses/41150", description:"This course is an introductory graduate course on computer architecture with an emphasis on a quantitative approach to cost/performance design tradeoffs. The course covers the fundamentals of classical and modern uniprocessor design: performance and cost issues, instruction sets, pipelining, superscalar, out-of-order, and speculative execution mechanisms, caches, physical memory, virtual memory, and I/O. Other topics include: static scheduling, VLIW and EPIC, software speculation, long (SIMD) and short (multimedia) vector execution, multithreading, and an introduction to shared memory multiprocessors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"35441", path:"/courses/35441", description:"Fundamental course in organic chemistry based upon the modern concepts of structure and mechanism of reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AD PRIN OF NANS: ORTHO: Adv Prin of Nurse Anesthesia Practice: Neurosurgery, Orthopedics, Trauma", number:"null", id:"41870", path:"/courses/41870", description:"This course will provide the student with the most recent clinical data on brain structure and function as it relates to client behaviours. Drawing from neuroanatomy, neurophysiology and neuropsychology, new applications to psychiatric/mental health nursing practice will be developed. A further emphasis will be placed on th integration of these data with time honored pychiatric nursing intervention approaches (family systems, cognitive therapy, behavioral) to promote a systems concept of client/family.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECORDING MUSIC", number:"null", id:"37601", path:"/courses/37601", description:"An introduction to music and sound recording with a focus on concerts and live performances. The entire process will be examined from start to finish, including the roles played by composers, musicians, listeners, performance spaces, and recording technology. Meetings will take place in the classroom, in concert spaces and in the studio. Music majors and minors will be given preference for registration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Desire and Demand", number:"null", id:"43687", path:"/courses/43687", description:"Does consumption shape culture or does culture shape consumption? As even the most mundane purchase becomes socially symbolic and culturally meaningful we can persuasively argue that the concept of 'need' has been transformed. Analyzing a variety of physical and virtual consumer venues, the goal of this seminar is to understand and to analyze historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. We investigate social and political-economic factors that impact when and how people purchase goods and argue that behavior attached to consumption includes a nexus of influences that may change periodically in response to external factors. Readings and research assignments are interdisciplinary and require a critical analysis of global/local linkages. The city of Philadelphia becomes the seminar's laboratory as we ask: how have issues of culture, consumption, and global capitalism become intertwined around the world?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LDERSHP & COMMUN IN GRPS", number:"null", id:"43110", path:"/courses/43110", description:"Through the process of action, reflection, and experimentation, and application, MGMT 100 aims to develop your leadership, teamwork, and communication skills. The course provides many occasions to strengthen your ability to exercise leadership through service, to speak and write persuasively, and to work collaboratively with a diverse group of individuals. Through the course of the term, you will have a heightened sense of your individual strengths and opportunities for growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SERVICE OP:MDLS&APPL: Service Operations: Models and Applications", number:"null", id:"36297", path:"/courses/36297", description:"OPIM 224 deals with the production and delivery of services. Services typicallyare intangible, not storable, not transportable and highly variable. Their delivery involves significant customer contact through distributed processes and thus present particular operational challenges. OPIM 224 introduces analytical frameworks, management tools and strategic perspectives appropriate for the management of service operations. Students will also have the opportunity to apply the material covered in the course to a particular service industry by conducting an application group project in the second half of the semester. Projects are performed under the close supervision of the instructor and will involve analysis of a particular service process and field work. For more details, as well as questions, please feel free to contact Professor Morris Cohen: cohen@wharton.upenn.edu.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF NETWORKS", number:"null", id:"39028", path:"/courses/39028", description:"Want to understand how memes spread across the Internet? How organisms exhibit flocking behavior? How the structure of a network can help predict behavior among the nodes? This course is a rigorous study of the structure and function of complex networks. From World Wide Web to networks of banks and lenders that form the financial sector, to friendship networks that influence our opinion and everyday decision-making, networks have become an integral part of our daily lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECULATIVE FICTION", number:"null", id:"42689", path:"/courses/42689", description:"A course devoted to speculative fiction and literature. Topics might include science fiction, fantasy, horror, and other related genres.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS IN GLOBAL POL ENVIR", number:"null", id:"43779", path:"/courses/43779", description:"This course examines the non-market components of business and the broader political, regulatory, and civil context in which companies function. This course addresses how businesses interact with political and regulatory institutions, as well as the general public, with a focus on the global economy. The first portion examines the realities associated with political economy and the actual making of laws and regulations by imperfect politicians and regulators. The second portion analyzes the economic rationale for legislation and regulation in the presence of market failures. The course covers specific market failures and potential solutions including government regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP RESP AND ETHICS", number:"null", id:"43031", path:"/courses/43031", description:"This course explores business responsibility from rival theoretical and managerial perspectives. Its focus includes theories of ethics and their application to case studies in business. Topics include moral issues in advertising and sales; hiring and promotion; financial management; corporate pollution; product safety; and decision-making across borders and cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM & THE PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"43964", path:"/courses/43964", description:"This course examines the vital aspect of communication as a tool of the US Presidency. Reading and class discussions focus on case studies drawn primarily from Presidential administrations beginning with FDR) of the radio-television-internet era, studies that demonstrate the elements of successful and unsuccessful presidential initiatives and the critical factor of communication, common to both. Readings and discussion will cover the range of issues of presidential import; issues pertaining to war and peace, the drive for civil rights and equal rights, domestic prosperity and development, international leadership and issues attending the rise of an interdependent world and a global economy. The key objective and requirement of 395 is an individual paper project that centers on a presidential speech (or set of speeches) addressing a key national or international topic. Student papers are to be based in part on primary research, hence, Communications 395 is also an introduction to primary research methods and to the use of primary research materials housed in the Presidential library system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COGS: DREAMING AND SLEEP", number:"null", id:"42254", path:"/courses/42254", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cognitive Science, the interdisciplinary study of mental organization, learning, and thought. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN SONG & FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"44901", path:"/courses/44901", description:"This course offers a general introduction to the history of Russian folklore, song and musical culture. Students will explore the history of song in Russia and various song genres including folk songs, gangster songs, cabaret, war songs, Soviet ideological songs, and Russian rock and pop music. We will discuss ritual functioning of songs in Russian calendar rites, examine the aesthetic properties of song lyrics and music, and analyze the educational, community-building and ideological roles of song in Russian society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: BREAST FEEDING & HUMAN LACTATION", number:"null", id:"43229", path:"/courses/43229", description:"Human milk is recognized universally as the optimal diet for newborn infants. The health benefits of breastfeeding are so significant that a National Health Objective set forth by the Surgeon General of the United States for the year 2010 is to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies in the postpartum period. Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course will provide an in depth examination of the anatomy and physiology of lactation, essential aspects of establishing and maintaining lactation, and the nurses' role in counseling the breastfeeding family. Emphasis will be placed on current research findings in the content area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN 19TH C AMER ART: American Decorative Arts from 1650 to 1900", number:"null", id:"36774", path:"/courses/36774", description:"Topic varies. 

Fall 2015: This course will provide a survey of media traditionally grouped under the category of decorative arts furniture, silver, ceramics, glass made in the United States from the beginnings of European settlement to the end of the nineteenth century. The class format will be part lecture and part discussion, the latter centered on close examination of objects from the collection of the Philadelphia Museum of Art. When possible, the discussion will focus on objects made in Pennsylvania and especially Philadelphia, emphasizing the city and region's central role over three centuries of American art history. Different methodologies of approaching object study will also be explored. No prior knowledge of the subject is expected.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"36050", path:"/courses/36050", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"40866", path:"/courses/40866", description:"Operations strategy is about organizing people and resources to gain a competitive advantage in the delivery of products (both goods and services) to customers. This course approaches this challenge primarily from two perspectives: 1) how should a firm design their products so that they can be profitably offered; 2) how can a firm best organize and acquire resources to deliver its portfolio of products to customers. To be able to make intelligent decisions regarding these high-level choices, this course also provides a foundation of analytical methods. These methods give students a conceptual framekwork for understanding the linkage between how a firm manages its supply and how well that supply matches the firm's resulting demand. Specific course topics include designing service systems, managing inventory and product variety, capacity planning, approaches to sourcing and supplier management, constructing global supply chains, managing sustainability initiatives, and revenue management. This course emphasizes both quantitative tools and qualitative frameworks. Neither is more important than the other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC DETERMINANTS HLTH: Social Determinants of Health", number:"null", id:"44350", path:"/courses/44350", description:"Over the last century, we have witnessed dramatic historical change in population health, e.g. rising numbeers of obese Americans and dramatic declines in death from stomach cancer. There has also been highly visible social patterning of health and disease, such as socio-economic disparities in AIDS, substance abuse, and asthma in the U.S. to day or the association of breat cancer with affluence around the world. This course will explore the way researchers and others in past and present have tried to make sense of these patterns and do something about them. The course is historical and sociological. We will examine evidence and theories about how poverty, affluence and other social factors influence health AND we will examine how social and historical forces shape the ways in which health and disease are understood.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAP & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"36125", path:"/courses/36125", description:"This elective half-semester course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of the typical high-growth start-up company. The course is fundamentally pragmatic in its outlook. It will cover six principal areas relevant to the privately held high-growth start-up, these include commentary on the venture capital industry generally as well as a discussion of the typical venture fund structure and related venture capital objectives and investment strategies; common organizational issues encountered in the formation of a venture backed start-up, including issues relating to initial capitalization, intellectual property and early stage equity arrangements; valuation methodologies that form the basis of the negotiation between the the venture capitalist in anticipation of a venture investment; the challenges of fundraising, financing strategies and the importance of the business plan and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur; typical investment terms found in the term sheet and the dynamics of negotiation between the entrepreneur and the venture capitalist; corporate governance in the context of a privately-held, venture capital-backed start-up company and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur in an insider-led, 'down round' financing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONOLOGY II", number:"null", id:"43063", path:"/courses/43063", description:"Second half of a year-long introduction; continues LING 530. Topics to be surveyed include syllable structure and moraic theory; the prosodic hierarchy; the properties and representation of geminates; templatic and prosodic morphology; reduplication and emergence of the unmarked; and metrical phonology (properties of stress, foot typology, and issues of constituency). Emphasizes hands-on analysis of a wide range of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"42885", path:"/courses/42885", description:"The German House is a half-credit course with concentrations in German conversation, film, and culture. Though many students enroll for credit, others often come to select events. All interested parties are invited, and you do not have to actually live in the house to enroll for credit. Students from all different levels of language proficiency are welcome. Beginners learn from more advanced students, and all enjoy a relaxed environment for maintaining or improving their German language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIG INTEG CIRC&VLSI-FUND", number:"null", id:"38537", path:"/courses/38537", description:"Explores the design aspects involved in the realization of an integrated circuit from device up to the register/subsystem level. It addresses major design methodologies with emphasis placed on the structured design. The course includes the study of MOS device characteristics, the critical interconnect and gate characteristics which determine the performance of VLSI circuits, and NMOS and CMOS logic design. Students will use state-of-the-art CAD tools to verify designs and develop efficient circuit layouts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  HOME HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"40429", path:"/courses/40429", description:"This course examines the major aspects of home-based care across patients' life spans from acute to long term care. New trends, advances, and issues in home management of complex conditions, innovative delivery systems and legal, ethical and policy consideration will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"42818", path:"/courses/42818", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide the framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS & DESIGNS", number:"null", id:"40452", path:"/courses/40452", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"38817", path:"/courses/38817", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. A continuation of the material offered in KORN 481: Advanced Business Korean I. Students continue to closely follow the current topics of business and financial markets of Korea by actively participating in discussions, research, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM VIETNAMESE II", number:"null", id:"42306", path:"/courses/42306", description:"This is the continuation course to ALAN 110-680 Elementary Vietnamese I. It is intended for learners who want to achieve an elementary-level in Vietnamese. Based on an interactive communication approach, its goal is to train students speaking, listening, reading and writing skills in Vietnamese. Learners are thoroughly involved in communicative activities such as conversations, performance simulations, drills, role-plays, games, etc. there are task-based activities in open communication settings where students can practice Vietnamese, make mistakes, and learn from them. Learners improve their reading and writing abilities by developing their grammar and meaning-based vocabulary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Decline and Fall of Great Powers", number:"null", id:"35925", path:"/courses/35925", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"36289", path:"/courses/36289", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING YIDDISH II", number:"null", id:"39463", path:"/courses/39463", description:"In this course, you can continue to develop basic reading, writing and speaking skills. Discover treasures of Yiddish culture: songs, literature, folklore, and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRACTICE CONCEPTS FOR THE CHILDBEARING FAMILY", number:"null", id:"40472", path:"/courses/40472", description:"The seminar will provide students with the skills necessary to provide primary health care to high risk infants in ambulatory settings. Course material will include detailed physical assessment skills of the infant through the first year of life. The clinical component will include home visits and experience in the ambulatory and long term care settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRINC OF NURSE ANETHESIA PRACTICE: CARDIAC, VASCULAR & THORACIC", number:"null", id:"45228", path:"/courses/45228", description:"Selected aspects of genetics, biochemistry, physiology and pharmacology are presented and applied to nursing care. Embryonic, histologic, and gross anatomical features of certain organ systems are functionally related to biochemical and physiological mechanisms essential for the maintenance of a stable internal environment. Special emphasis is placed upon integrating functions of the nervous and endocrine systems. Certain deviations from normal metabolism, structure and function are detailed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY A", number:"null", id:"42430", path:"/courses/42430", description:"General principles of biology focusing on the basic chemistry of life, cell biology, molecular biology, and genetics in all types of living organisms. Particular emphasis will be given to links between the fundamental processes covered and current challenges of humankind in the areas of energy, food, and health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV RDGS MOD KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"43020", path:"/courses/43020", description:"This course allows development of creative and analytical thinking through introduction of more organized thematic topics such as family, human relationships, and the reflection of self-images, and individual's mental status while the society changes in time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"43358", path:"/courses/43358", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NON-PROFIT COMM STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"38369", path:"/courses/38369", description:"The success of a nonprofit organization as defined by its efforts to fulfill its mission is tied directly its ability to clearly articulate its need, its vision and the specific programs it does or will employ to achieve that mission. This clear and persuasive communication is integral to its ability to raise funds, to establish a credible voice for lobbying or advocacy and in its efforts to engage the widest possible base of stakeholders. This class will explore the ways in which nonprofits engage in strategic communications. We will look at public service campaigns, ongoing press efforts, social media strategies, fundraising appeals and public speaking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METHODS IN FNCE THEORY", number:"null", id:"37216", path:"/courses/37216", description:"This doctoral level course introduces students to game theory and continuous-time methods. Both techniques represent fundamental approaches to organizing, modeling and understanding complex financial phenomena. The game theory half will cover equilibrium concepts, moral hazard, signaling and screening. Highlights include rigorous formulations and analyses of the perfect Bayesian equilibrium concept and the principal-agent relationship. Both ideas are central to theories of corporate finance and financial markets - subjects that the students will be exposed to in the spring. The continuous-time methods half will cover basic stochastic calculus and applications to capital structure, Merton's consumption-portfolio, and problem and optimal contracts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF ANIMALS", number:"null", id:"35294", path:"/courses/35294", description:"This course introduces the study of animal bones from archaeological sites. Faunal analysis is an interdisciplinary science which draws methods from archaeology, biology, and paleontology. Bones, shells, and other remains yield evidence for the use of animals by humans, and evidence for the biology of animals and for past environments. The course will focus on research approaches to important transitions in human-animal relationships: the development of human hunting and fishing, animal domestication, early pastoralism, and the emergence of market economies in animal products. Class presentations will include lectures and discussion concerning research design and archaeological case material, with additional videos, slidework with field and laboratory equipment, and supervised work identifying and describing archaeological materials from the University Museum's collections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - THE NOVEL: LIT & PHOTOGRAPHY (NOW)", number:"null", id:"35662", path:"/courses/35662", description:"This course explores an aspect of the novel intensively, asking how novels work and what they do to us and for us. Specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE IMPLEMENTATION", number:"null", id:"43129", path:"/courses/43129", description:"This advanced course on entrepreneurship focuses on developing a validated opportunity or concept into a venture that is ready for seed financing and/or launching the product or service. Participants in this course must previously have developed a validated opportunity, either in a previous course or through independent efforts. Students may participate as a team of up to three people. Ideally, participants are commited to pursuing their opportunity commercially, or at least to seriously explore that possibility. The course provides a practical guidance for developing the product or service, forming the entity, raising capital building the team, establishing partnerships, and sourcing professional services. After completing the course, you will be 'pitch ready' - whether submitting to campus venture competitions or to outside investors. Most coursework is focused on applying concepts and frameworks to project tasks in developing the venture. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course. Students must have successfully completed MGMT801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"43293", path:"/courses/43293", description:"This course introduces basic concepts of operations management and application of the same in business practice today. We will examine the theoretical foundations of operations management and how these principles or models can be employed in both tactical and strategic decision making. Topics covered in detail are forecasting techniques, planning under deterministic and uncertain demand, operations planning and scheduling, queuing theory, service operations management, newsvendor models, risk pooling strategies in firms, capacity and revenue management, and supply chain coordination. We will conclude by discussing how supply chains evolve under technological change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO REAL ESTATE", number:"null", id:"37841", path:"/courses/37841", description:"The goal of this class is to help students become informed consumers of real estate advice. The class material breaks down into four major sections: 1) The financial risk and return of property level real estate investments. Be able to interpret, understand and evaluate a real estate property investment pro forma. 2) The legal landscape for investing in real estate and using legal structures to manage risk. 3) The economics of commercial real estate markets. Understanding the forces that will determine the value and income-producing potential of a real estate investment. 4) Important real estate issues of the day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS:MECH,HEAT,SOUND", number:"null", id:"37762", path:"/courses/37762", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of motion requiring a background in calculus. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 101 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN.STM:ANAL&REP.INCENT", number:"null", id:"36666", path:"/courses/36666", description:"In the course, students learn how to analyze firms' financial statements and disclosures to determine how a firm's particular accounting choices reflect the underlying economics of the firm. As a result, the course strengthens students' ability to use financial statements as part of an overall assessment of the firm's strategy and valuation. The course is especially useful for anyone interested in working on the buy or sell side. 

The course provides both a framework for and the tools necessary to analyze financial statements. At the conceptual level, it emphasizes that preparers and users of financial statements have different objectives and incentives. At the same time, the course is applied and stresses the use of actual financial statements. For example, students learn how to detect when firms are managing earnings and/or balance sheets. It draws heavily on real business problems and uses cases to illustrate the application of the techniques and tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP CAPITALIST SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44311", path:"/courses/44311", description:"The course follows the evolution of industrial capitalism since the beginning of the English industrial revolution in the late 18th century. It ranges from the problems of the industrial revolution in England to problems of building a market economy in eastern Europe today. In particular, it examines industrialization and explores the sources of sustained economic growth from a comparative perspective. Most of the world, especially in so-called emerging economies, is still confronted with the challenge, and often pain, of creating a modern industrial capitalist society. The course attempts to build a conceptual apparatus for understanding models of industrialization and is built around issues such as law, anti-trust, corporate forms, banking institutions, industrial relations, etc. By definition, the course tends to concentrate on successful industrializers around the world, but questions regarding continuing underdevelopment will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AQUEOUS GEOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"37253", path:"/courses/37253", description:"Chemical composition and interactions of soils and soil water with applicationsto current problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"36603", path:"/courses/36603", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. There will be a set of assignments including one in which students have an opportunity to undertake their own field research in a Philadelphia neighborhood involving multiple methods of scientific inquiry. All instructional materials will be based on data related to contemporary public policy issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF THE UNIVERSE", number:"null", id:"38155", path:"/courses/38155", description:"A general survey, designed for the non-major, of the facts and theories of the astronomical universe, from solar system, to stars, to galaxies and cosmology. Topics include planets, satellites, small objects in the solar system, and extraterrestrial life; stars, their evolution, and their final state as white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes; galaxies, quasars, large structures, background radiation, and big bang cosmology. Elementary algebra and geometry will be used. This course is not recommended for physical-science majors or engineering students. Engineering students receive no credit for this course. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN BRITAIN, 1700-2015: EMPIRE, INDUSTRY, AND DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"38725", path:"/courses/38725", description:"This course surveys British history from the eighteenth century to the present. In two centuries, Britain built an empire that ruled over a quarter of the globe and became the world's leading economy. In 2015, the Empire is gone, but coincident with its loss, Britain gained a welfare state and retained the a role as a powerhouse of culture and finance. Themes emphasized in the course include national identity, class, political reform, war, and imperial interaction. How did Britain come to dominate the world economy and what did this dominance look like? How should we understand its role in the world today? Do the Beatles, the Royal Family, and Amy Winehouse add up to a 'Cool Britannia' that has somehow 'made up' for the loss of the Empire? Using written and visual primary sources, we'll look at all of these questions as we study the birth and development of modern Britain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONETICS II", number:"null", id:"36044", path:"/courses/36044", description:"This is a methodology course, which focuses on how to conduct phonetics research using very large speech corpora. Topics include scripting and statistical techniques, automatic phonetic analysis, integration of speech technology in phonetics studies, variation and invariability in large speech corpora, and revisiting classic phonetic and phonological problems from the perspective of corpus phonetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED ELEM RUSSIAN", number:"null", id:"39280", path:"/courses/39280", description:"TWO IN ONE: This is an intensive two-credit course covering two semesters of the first-year sequence (RUSS001 and 002). The course is designed for students with no background in Russian and develops language competence in speaking, reading, writing and understanding contemporary Russian. Class work emphasizes development of communication skills and cultural awareness. Together with RUSS003 and 004 fulfills Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MUSICIANSHIP", number:"null", id:"40389", path:"/courses/40389", description:"Advanced techniques of score reading and general musicianship at the keyboard. Goals of the course include increasing proficiency in sight singing (including C clefs).Taking harmonic, melodic, and rhythmic dictations. Accurate performance of rhythms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLEGE MUSIC PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"37585", path:"/courses/37585", description:"Private study in voice, keyboard, strings, woodwind, brass, percussion, and non-western instruments. Such study is designed to meet the artistic, technical, and/or professional needs of the student. Note: This is not a syllabus. Course requirements and assessment will be determined by the private instructor. Private lessons in the College House Music cannot be taken Pass/Fail. Please visit http://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/performance. Students cannot register through Penn In Touch. Registration will be maintained by the music department upon receipt of application and instructor permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE MARATHI I", number:"null", id:"40670", path:"/courses/40670", description:"Intermediate Marathi builds up upon the Beginning Level of Marathi. Gaining ability to speak about past and future is the most important skill in the intermediate course. Students learn the grammar, vocabulary, sentence structures to narrate and write in simple language about their experiences, short anecdotes, their observations and opinions and future plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"37947", path:"/courses/37947", description:"Further development of the material in STAT 111, in particular the analysis of variance, multiple regression, non-parametric procedures and the analysis of categorical data. Data analysis via statistical packages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN GREEK/ROM ART: Ancient Art in the Modern Museum", number:"null", id:"36769", path:"/courses/36769", description:"Topic varies. 

Fall 2015: We will survey the great 19th century European and American collections of classical art, both public and private. We will consider the provenance and display of these collections, as well as the collectors, both institutions and individuals. This will form the background to our consideration of the formation of the classical collection in the University of Pennsylvania Museum. Much of this material comes from archaeological excavations, but we will consider the many collections, formed in the late 19th century and often by prominent Philadelphians, which were given to the Museum. This is an object-based learning course, and the Museum's classical collection will serve as an important resource, as will the documentation preserved in both the Museum's Archives and in archival repositories throughout the city.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"42652", path:"/courses/42652", description:"The intermediate Hungarian II course continues EEUR123. Class documents and activities enable students to develop functional intermediate Hungarian competency by exploring Hungary and its culture, reading authentic online news sources, practicing listening and comprehension skills via video and audio material, researching cultural events and traditions, and exploring Hungarians' everyday lives. At the end of the semester, students will be able to participate and pass their Oral Competency Exit Interview on intermediate level and discuss topics, such as student life, family, friends, academic and student life activities/interests, travel, shopping, and cultural events.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF FICTION", number:"null", id:"35682", path:"/courses/35682", description:"See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"40188", path:"/courses/40188", description:"A continuation of Japanese language beyond the language requirement. Textbooks: Integrated Approach to Intermediate Japanese (L.1 - L.8), and Basic Kanji Book II (L.23 - L.30) Kanji: reproduction-approx.310/recognitio-approx.400", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"36057", path:"/courses/36057", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying arithmetic, algebra, linear algebra, groups, rings and fields. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Creative Launchpad: Intro to Making Things Up and Writing Them Down", number:"null", id:"45286", path:"/courses/45286", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"40271", path:"/courses/40271", description:"An introduction to groups, rings, fields and other abstract algebraic systems, elementary Galois Theory, and linear algebra -- a more theoretical course than Math 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38921", path:"/courses/38921", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of the future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP ABNORMAL: PSYCHOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44853", path:"/courses/44853", description:"PSYC 362-301 is a two-semester course starting in the Fall. Class size limited to 8 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"38423", path:"/courses/38423", description:"This course introduces students to advanced study in econometrics, with an emphasis on methods used in microeconomic applications and in evaluating the effects of social interventions. The methods covered include methods for handling limited dependent variables (useful, for example, in forecasting the demand for a new good), maximum likelihood estimators, and flexible semiparametric and non parametric estimation methods, and randomized and nonexperimental methods of estimating treatment effects. Applications of econometrics to the field of program evaluation will also be studied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"41680", path:"/courses/41680", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY & DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"37970", path:"/courses/37970", description:"What is the relationship between technology and politics in global democracies? This course explores various forms of technology, its artifacts and experts in relation to government and political decision-making. Does technology 'rule' or 'run' society, or should it? How do democratic societies balance the need for specialized technological expertise with rule by elected representatives? Topics will include: industrial revolutions, factory production and consumer society, technological utopias, the Cold War, state policy, colonial and post-colonial rule, and engineers' political visions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"37265", path:"/courses/37265", description:"A continuation of GRMN 103. Expands students writing and speaking competence in German, increases vocabulary and helps students practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on weekly readings of literary and non-literary texts to facilitate exchange of information, ideas, reactions, and opinions. In addition, the readings provide cultural and historical background information. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, however, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. Students will conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Healthcare in Hispanic / Migrant Clinics", number:"null", id:"37639", path:"/courses/37639", description:"An opportunity to develop and implement an individual plan of study under faculty guidance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & POL IN INT'L BUS", number:"null", id:"37415", path:"/courses/37415", description:"This course introduces students to the legal frameworks for regulating international business - national, regional, and international. Topics include mechanisms for dispute resolution, different standards on assigning nationality, jurisdictional and choice of law problems, controversies regarding the treatment of incoming foreign direct investment and expropriation of foreign-owned businesses, patterns in extraterritoriality, problems of clashing legal standards affecting areas like labor and the environment, and projects for creating more uniform rules governing the conduct of international business. Throughout students will be encouraged to evaluate the policy dimensions of laws and to develop their own critical perspectives regarding these.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"39081", path:"/courses/39081", description:"Assessment and treatment of the young child in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this developmentally organized course. This course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with the most common health problems, including acute episodic illness as well as stable chronic disease. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, the maturational tasks and problems of children and their families in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOFTWRE DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"39748", path:"/courses/39748", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, inheritance, and interfaces. This course will also focus on best practices and aspects of software development such as software design, software testing, pair programming, version control, and using IDEs. Substantial programming assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GPU PROGRAMMING&ARCH", number:"null", id:"36948", path:"/courses/36948", description:"This course examines the architecture and capabilities of modern GPUs. The graphics processing unit (GPU) has grown in power over recent years, to the point where many computations can be performed faster on the GPU than on a traditional CPU. GPUs have also become programmable, allowing them to be used for a diverse set of applications far removed from traditional graphics settings. Topics covered include architectural aspects of modern GPUs, with a special focus on their streaming parallel nature, writing programs on the GPU using high level languages like Cg and BrookGPU, and using the GPU for graphics and general purpose applications in the area of geometry modeling, physical simulation, scientific computing and games. Students are expected to have a basic understanding of computer architecture and graphics, and should be proficient in OpenGL and C/C++. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL HISTORY OF NURSING", number:"null", id:"41916", path:"/courses/41916", description:"This course will involve a guided review of the pertinent literature relating to the history of technology in 20th century America. The focus will include a critical examination and review of the social origins and implications of technological development and diffusion in healthcare. Various theoretical frameworks in the history of technology will be closely examined in attempt to assist the student in the development of their own framework.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN CLST: CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38026", path:"/courses/38026", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Classical Studies, the study of the languages, cultures, art, and history of the ancient Mediterranean world. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"39986", path:"/courses/39986", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory, the methods, and the concerns of corporate finance. The concepts developed in FNCE 100 form the foundation for all elective finance courses. The main topics include: 1) the time value of money and capital budgeting techniques; 2) uncertainty and the trade-off between risk and return; 3) security market efficiency; 4) optimal capital structure, and 5) dividend policy decisions. During the fall semester there are honors sections of FNCE 100 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42500", path:"/courses/42500", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 011 The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYSIS 20TH C MUSIC", number:"null", id:"40390", path:"/courses/40390", description:"Analytical studies of twentieth-century music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL SIGNALING", number:"null", id:"36844", path:"/courses/36844", description:"The evolution of multicellularity required that cells be able to both send and receive signals from their neighbors. The development of organs and differentiation of cells and tissues requires reliable and continuous communication between cells. Consequences of inappropriate or anomalous signaling include development abnormalities and cancer. This class will examine mechanisms of cell-to-cell signaling between plant and animal cells with an emphasis on the cell biology of development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Moved to Learn: Cognition, Awareness and Applied Ethnography", number:"null", id:"38632", path:"/courses/38632", description:"Museums, mural arts, mummers on Moyamenssing, skateboarding at Love Park, Fifty-Second Street, vendors, The Arts Garage and local arts spaces. These can be seen as places our communities come together to tell themselves about themselves. But who is telling these stories, from which vantage points, and at what costs and benefits to various communities? We explore how scholarship-at its best and most effective-transcends and transgresses boundaries between academic and public spaces, to create a broader arena for intellectural exchangeand cross-cultural dialogue. this course thus positions itself at the intersection local arts and public culture and of community studies and applied social science to inspire a dialogue and inquiry. Class-members jointly explore the many ways in which cultural research, traditional arts, and community studies are brought to public audiences. In particular, we will discuss how modern public scholars can work to reconcile the ideas and ideals so often discussed in the academy which practice in the community. Our class will engage in critical assessment of both cultural and programming and civically engaged scholarship, with an eye toward developing a more politically aware practice and more collaborative, community-sensitive models for action.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN HSOC: ILLNESS NARRATIVES", number:"null", id:"45069", path:"/courses/45069", description:"What stories do sick bodies tell? What do stories of suffering do for those who choose to listen? In this seminar, we will read Arthur Frank's The Wounded Storyteller: Body, Illness, and Ethics as a means of examining the role of storytelling in the lives of those who are ill. Following Frank's work gathering and analyzing the stories of people with cancer, chronic illness, and disability, we will ask questions about the ethics of suffering and the power of storytelling in everyday life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARAMETIC MODELING AND CONSTRUCTION I", number:"null", id:"39546", path:"/courses/39546", description:"An introduction to the principles of construction using Building Information Modeling (BIM), a process involving the generation and manipulation of digital representations of building components defined as parameters in relation to other components. The course will explore the performance of building materials and methods of on-site and off-site assembly in load-bearing masonry structures and heavy and light wood frame construction. Topics include sustainable construction, emerging and engineered materials, and integrated building practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"35518", path:"/courses/35518", description:"The objective of the game design practicum is to provide students with hands on experience designing and developing 3D computer games. Working in teams of three or four, students will brainstorm an original game concept, write a formal game design document then develop a fully functional prototype consisting of a playable level of the game. In addition to creation of original art and animation assets for the game, technical features to be designed and implemented include a nove l game mechanic and/or user interaction model, game physics (i.e. particle systems and rigid body dynamics), character animation, game AI (i.e. movement control, path planning, decision making, etc.), sound effects and effects and background music, 2D graphical user interface (GUI) design and optional multiplayer networking capabilities. Consistent with standard industry practices, game code and logic will be written using C++ and popular scripting languages such as Python and Lua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANNING TO BE OFFSHORE", number:"null", id:"37878", path:"/courses/37878", description:"In this course we will trace the economic development of India from 1947 to the present. Independent India started out as a centrally planned economy in 1949 but in 1991 decided to reduce its public sector and allow, indeed encourage, foreign investors to come in. The Planning Commission of India still exists but has lost much of its power. Many in the U.S. complain of American jobs draining off to India, call centers in India taking care of American customer complaints, American patient histories being documented in India, etc. At the same time, the U.S. government encourages highly trained Indians to be in the U.S. 

Students are expected to write four one-page response papers and one final paper. Twenty percent of the final grade will be based on class participation, 20 percent on the four response papers and 60 percent on the final paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"44508", path:"/courses/44508", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfill the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"38258", path:"/courses/38258", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"41454", path:"/courses/41454", description:"This content-based language course, taught in French, introduces economic, business and professional terminology through the study of the following topics: financial institutions (banking, stock market and insurance); business practices (business letters and resumes); trade and advertising; the internal structure and legal forms of French companies. The course also emphasizes verbal communication through three components: 1) In-class activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions and debates. 2) The study of authentic materials such as newspapers and magazines' articles, video clips, and radio shows. 3) A series of students' presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDAMENTALS OF NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"43209", path:"/courses/43209", description:"Essentials of normal nutrition and their relationships to the health of individuals and families. These concepts serve as a basis for the development of an understanding of the therapeutic application of dietary principles and the nurse's role and responsibility in this facet of patient care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOMECHANICS", number:"null", id:"39577", path:"/courses/39577", description:"This course investigates the application of statics and strength of materials to soft and hard biologic tissues. The course will cover simple force analyses of the musculoskeletal system and introduces the fundamentals of the mechanics of materials including axial loading, torsion and bending and their application to biomechanics. The lecture and recitation will be complemented with hands-on examples emphasizing connections between theoretical principles and practical applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECHANICS OF SOLIDS", number:"null", id:"41705", path:"/courses/41705", description:"This course builds on the fundamentals of solid mechanics taught in MEAM 210 and addresses more advanced problems in strength of materials. The students will be exposed to a wide array of applications from traditional engineering disciplines as well as emerging areas such as biotechnology and nanotechnology. The methods of analysis developed in this course will form the cornerstone of machine design and also more advanced topics in the mechanics of materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEM OF THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"42477", path:"/courses/42477", description:"The course aims to teach chemical content and principles in the context of significant environmental issues. Topics to be covered include: composition of the atmosphere; protecting the ozone layer; chemistry of global warming; traditional hydrocarbon fuels and energy utilization; water supply, its contaminants, and waste water treatment; acid rain; nuclear energy; and new energy sources. Students will develop critical thinking ability, competence to better assess risks and benefits, and skills that will lead them to be able to make informed decisions about technology-based matters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"39779", path:"/courses/39779", description:"An examination of the influence of public health communication on health behavior. The course will consider: intervention programs addressing behaviors related to cancer, cardiovascular disease, HIV/AIDS, drug use, obesity and others; theories of health behavior change; issues in the design of effective health communication programs; concerns about the portrayal of health and medicine on mass media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH AND 21ST CENTURY AMERICAN POETRY", number:"null", id:"42669", path:"/courses/42669", description:"Some versions of this course survey American poetry from the colonial period to the present, while others begin with Whitman and Dickinson and move directly into the 20th century and beyond. Typically students read and discuss the poetry of Williams, Stein, Niedecker, H.D., Pound, Stevens, Fearing, Rakoksi, McKay, Cullen, Wilbur, Plath, Rich, Ginsberg, Kerouac, Waldman, Creeley, Ashberry, O'Hara, Corman, Bernstein, Howe, Perelman, Silliman, and Retallack.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL YOUTH MEDIA", number:"null", id:"43961", path:"/courses/43961", description:"How do youths around the world encounter media as consumers, producers, subjects and objects of media? How do they shape media globally, and how are they in turn shaped by the media environments of their daily lives? This course begins with an exploration of youth as a historically changing and globally contested social category. This part of the course addresses youth as a globally circulated and locally realized category traversed and shaped by flows of global, cultural, economic and social power, desires and anxieties. The course then examines the ways in which youth and youthhood have been mediated historically, cultural and geographically by the increased mobility and ubiquity of media such as film, television, music, mobile technologies, video games and the internet. The course focuses on the emergence of hybrid media cultures, media geographies and mobilities as well as the political implications of youth media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS & THE PROFESSIONS: REPRODUCTIVE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"36335", path:"/courses/36335", description:"Since Louise Brown, the first so-called 'test tube baby' was born in 1978, reproductive technologies have generated many new ways to 'make' babies. These technologies mean that a number of difficult ethical questions are inescapable, not only for individuals who otherwise couldn't have children (due to biological and/or social constraints) but for the larger society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS LAW & LITERATURE: PRISON LIT. IN THE U. S.", number:"null", id:"44081", path:"/courses/44081", description:"This course explores an aspect of law and literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYSIS 20THC MUS II", number:"null", id:"44597", path:"/courses/44597", description:"Analytical Studies of 20th century music focusing on post World War II music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CROSS CULTRL APPR HEALTH", number:"null", id:"36738", path:"/courses/36738", description:"This course will explore the ways that health and illness-related beliefs and behaviors develop within communities. We will identify the forces that shape these beliefs and behaviors and ultimately affect who gets sick, who gets well, and the very nature of the illness experience. Emphasis will be given to the relationships among sociocultural, political and biological factors and the ways that these factors interact to produce the variation that we see in health and illness related attitudes, behaviors and outcomes across cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42120", path:"/courses/42120", description:"What is American Society? The literary critic, Leslie Fielder once wrote,'...to be an American...precisely to imagine a destiny rather than to inherit one; since we have always been, insofar as we are Americans at all, inhabitants of myth rather than history...' In this course we will explore the elements of the myth that form the basis of the civil religion as well as the facts on the ground that contradict our conceptions of American Society. Examples of mythic elements and their contradiction that we will explore are: A nation founded to pursue liberty and freedom yet allowed slavery, equality of opportunity and persistent structural inequality, and a welcoming of the Immigrant coupled with a suspicion of the outsider.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE LEARNING", number:"null", id:"41154", path:"/courses/41154", description:"This course covers the foundations of statistical machine learning. The focus is on probabilistic and statistical methods for prediction and clustering in high dimensions. Topics covered include linear and logistic regression, SVMs, PCA and dimensionality reduction, EM and HMMs, and deep learning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"37377", path:"/courses/37377", description:"This studio is structured for IPD students as an intensive, interdisciplinary exploration of Design as purposeful for Integrated Product Design. The goal of the studio is to give students a firsthand experience of various processes involved in creating successful integrated product designs.This first semester of the four-semester studio sequence focuses on giving students experience developing designs based on a range of starting points: form, function, materiality and manufacturing process. Students will practice design through rigorous, consistent processes for thinking through the evolution of their ideas. In this course, they will go through an entire design process from conceptualization to design to producing prototypes. They will be taught to focus on the specifics of their designs, causing them to be conscious of what drives their choices as designers and providing them with a wider range of tools to design from in successive projects. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, a mid-term presentation and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUS REL & HUM RES MGMT", number:"null", id:"38914", path:"/courses/38914", description:"The focus of Management 104 is the economic and institutional constraints on organizations in the formulation and implementation of human resources management policies and strategies in the United States and, as appropriate, internationally. The specific constraints discussed are labor markets (external and internal), labor laws (governing employment policies and employee relations), and labor unions (and the threat thereof). Particular attention is paid to the relationship of these constraints to the competitiveness of American enterprise in the global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44205", path:"/courses/44205", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 611. Some areas of financial management not covered in FNCE 611 are covered in FNCE 726. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning, and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 611 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 726. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING WITH PICTURES: CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS", number:"null", id:"42771", path:"/courses/42771", description:"A children's picture book is a unique book form in that it is written with pictures. Words, if used at all, serve to illustrate what the picture cannot say. In this course students will learn the complexities of designing what looks to be, a simple picture book for children. Visualizing the story begins with both writing and drawing prompts, image collecting, and exposure to a range of children's literature. Students will learn to sequence a main character and an environment into a storyboard through stages of changes towards a resolution. By the end of the semester students will have a good understanding of how a picture book works, with a personal 'dummy' book well on its way. This course will include two guest artists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"41930", path:"/courses/41930", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"39991", path:"/courses/39991", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. Topics discussed include discounted cash flow techniques and valuation using alternative valuation techniques such as price multiples. Emphasis is on developing the required information for valuation from financial statements and other information sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"43246", path:"/courses/43246", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"41947", path:"/courses/41947", description:"Philosophers ask difficult questions about the most basic issues in human life. Does God exist? What can we know about the world? What does it mean to have a mind? How should I treat non-human animals? Do I have free will? This course is an introduction to some of these questions and to the methods philosophers have developed for thinking clearly about them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS, POLITICS & ECON: Public Choice & Public Policy", number:"null", id:"37782", path:"/courses/37782", description:"This is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission). 

The following website will give descriptions of the specific capstone courses that will be offered each semester: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/ppe/CapstoneCourses/index.html", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"36321", path:"/courses/36321", description:"The aim of this course is to introduce some of the major topics and methods of analytic philosophy. As the course goes on, the questions we consider will become progressively more explanatorily deep. It begins with questions about what we should do (Normative Ethics). We then move to questions about how we can even do anything at all (Free Will). We then consider how we might know about any of this (Epistemology). Finally, we ask what we even are and what it means for us to be at all (Mind and Personal Identity). This course will not assume any background in philosophy. But, for most students, it will be a challenging, though hopefully worthwhile, course. The course will push you to understand and communicate clearly about material that is often difficult to understand. Along with introducing you to analytic philosophy, this course will help students become better skilled in understanding and intelligently questioning sophisticated arguments, which can come in handy in a large number of pursuits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG & THE ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"43841", path:"/courses/43841", description:"The course will introduce emerging environmental issues, relevant engineering solutions, and problem-solving techniques to students. The case study approach will be used to assist students to develop and apply the fundamental engineering skills and scientific insights needed to recognize a variety of environmental problems that have profound impacts on all aspects of modern society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY BASED ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"44116", path:"/courses/44116", description:"From the fall of the Roman Empire to Love Canal to the epidemics of asthma, childhood obesity and lead poisoning in West Philadelphia, the impact of the environment on health has been a continuous challenge to society. The environment can affect people's health more strongly than biological factors, medical care and lifestyle. The water we drink, the food we eat, the air we breathe, and the neighborhood we live in are all components of the environment that impact our health. Some estimates, based on morbidity and mortality statistics, indicate that the impact of the environment on health is as high as 80%. These impacts are particularly significant in urban areas like West Philadelphia. Over the last 20 years, the field of environmental health has matured and expanded to become one of the most comprehensive and humanly relevant disciplines in science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CULTURAL ANTHROPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40918", path:"/courses/40918", description:"An introduction to the anthropological study of human social and cultural diversity throughout the world, with special emphasis on the development of the idea of culture as an analytical concept. The course includes sections on the ethnographic research method and on the library of ethnographic material relating to cultural change in different parts of the world that anthropology has produced since the 19th century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE IV", number:"null", id:"35458", path:"/courses/35458", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN111, this is the fourth course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given every other week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECIAL TOPICS", number:"null", id:"36929", path:"/courses/36929", description:"Visit the CIS department website for descriptions of available Special Topics classes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE I", number:"null", id:"41885", path:"/courses/41885", description:"This didactic course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. Students explore the dynamic interplay between the pathophysiologic basis of disease and the psychosocial and socio-cultural responses to acute and critical illness and injury as they develop clinical decision-making skills. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized. Cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, infectious and prevention issues commonly encountered by adults are covered. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Theory and Method in the Study of Religion", number:"null", id:"42079", path:"/courses/42079", description:"This graduate seminar will map the theories and methods underpinning the contemporary study of religion. To draw this map, we will consider the history of the field. We'll proceed by examining how problems within religious studies have been resolved in different ways at different times, constructing a web of dialogs and debates between different figures across history. Specific topics to be considered will include experience, discourse, embodiment, feminism, postcolonialism, science, and materiality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS PHYSICS I", number:"null", id:"37769", path:"/courses/37769", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 150, at a significantly higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Classical laws of motion: interaction between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; rigid body motion; noninertial reference frames; oscillations. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008 PHYS 101, 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 170 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRANCE AND ITS OTHERS: FRANCE IN THE NEW WORLD", number:"null", id:"35836", path:"/courses/35836", description:"A historical appreciation of the impact of the exploration, colonization, and immigration of other peoples on French national consciousness, from the 16th century to the present. Emphasis is on the role of the Other in fostering critiques of French culture and society. Readings include travel literature, anthropological treatises, novels, and historical documents. Oral presentations and several short papers are included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY LATIN II", number:"null", id:"43024", path:"/courses/43024", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 101 or equivalent. Completes the introduction to the Latin language begun in 101. By the end of the course students will have a complete working knowledge of Latin grammar, a growing vocabulary, and experience in reading simple continuous texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONST LAW & FREE ENTERPR", number:"null", id:"44413", path:"/courses/44413", description:"The course explores the fundamentals of U.S. constitutional doctrine and adjudication, with an emphasis on commercial and business issues and implications of constitutional law. The course starts by considering the Constitution and the structure and relationship of the governmental entities it establishes and upon which it depends. Special attention is given to the role of the federal courts, especially the Supreme Court, in interpreting and applying constitutional principles. From this foundation, the course moves on to examine in detail the major economic and business implications of constitutional law in different eras of the nation's history. A core theme is how historical events and changing notions of public policy have affected and been affected by the evolution of constitutional doctrine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY INDONESIAN I", number:"null", id:"40910", path:"/courses/40910", description:"Elementary Indonesian I course is designed for both beginners and those who may have some previous experience with the language. This course will focus on developing and using the four foundational language skills (speaking, listening, reading, and writing) in a communicative format. Students will develop not only their ability to use and understand contemporary Indonesian, but also their knowledge of Indonesian history and culture. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in simple conversations about familiar things such as family, friends and daily activities. They will know every day expressions, will be able to tell time, to negate sentences and to build questions. Students will develop reading strategies and learn about the practical life and the cultural practices in Indonesia and compare them with their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLATO", number:"null", id:"44755", path:"/courses/44755", description:"A survey of selected dialogues of Plato, an Athenian philosopher of the fourth century BCE. Works read may include the Euthyphro, Crito, Gorgias, Laches, Charmides, Phaedo, Philebus, Statesman, and Plato s last dialogue, the Laws. The course will be run as a seminar. All works will be read in English translation. Topics to be discussed may include metaphysics, epistemology, psychology, ethics, and political theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP POL. WELFARE STATE", number:"null", id:"39228", path:"/courses/39228", description:"This class explores the origins, development, and possible futures of social policy regimes in the industrialized countries, in the context of broader political and historical trends. Topics include pensions, health care, and poverty alleviation; 'families' of welfare states; the relationship between labor markets and social policy; feminist and Marxist critiques of welfare states and welfare state studies. Open to graduate students and qualified undergraduates with permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ANTH: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT &NGOS", number:"null", id:"39443", path:"/courses/39443", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Anthropology, the study of human societies and cultures. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"42822", path:"/courses/42822", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, perfermance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"40095", path:"/courses/40095", description:"Successful medical devices are an amalgamation of creative and innovative thinking, clinical expertise, and engineering know-how that endures intense regulatory and reimbursement scrutiny. This course will provide a foundation for understanding the nuances of the medical device industry. It will cover topics ranging from device design and discovery, regulatory issues, marketing, reimbursement, management, and strategy. Classroom activities will be supplemented with optional tours of hospitals, research and manufacturing facilities, and hands-on demonstrations of devices. Though the course is intended primarily for MBA students, it will be open to medical and engineering students as well as to hospital house staff.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETIC PHENOMEN", number:"null", id:"39187", path:"/courses/39187", description:"Survey of electrodynamics, focusing on applications to research done in the Department. Topics include mathematical structure and relativistic invariance properties of Maxwell equations, tensor methods, and the generation and scattering of radiation, in vacuum and in materials. Applications vary from year to year but include optical manipulation, astrophysical phenomena, and the generalizations from Maxwell's theory to those of other fundamental interactions (strong, electroweak, and gravitational forces).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGH RISK NEONATAL THEORY II", number:"null", id:"45255", path:"/courses/45255", description:"This course examines specific pathophysiological mechanisms which may result in body system failure. Strategies for clinical management are examined based on a synthesis of biological, behavioral, medical, pharmacological, and nursing knowledge. Theoretical analysis of the roles of the advanced practitioner with critically ill patients is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABCS EVERYDAY NEUROSC", number:"null", id:"38195", path:"/courses/38195", description:"This course is an opportunity for undergraduates to share their interest and enthusiasm for neuroscience with students in grades 9-12 attending urban public schools in West Philadelphia. The course will allow Penn students to develop their science communication and teaching skills. Students will prepare neuroscience demonstrations, hands-on activities, and assessment tools. In parallel, the course aims to engage local high school students, increasing their interest and knowledge in science, and ultimately promoting lifelong science literacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR SPANISH SPEAKER", number:"null", id:"43369", path:"/courses/43369", description:"Portuguese 114 is designed for students who have studied Spanish. The course begins with exposure to basic vocabulary and structures, advancing at an accelerated pace. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production as well as language structures and vocabulary. Students will participate in pairs, small-groups and whole-class activities that focus on the meaningful and accurate exchange of information. The class will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"41498", path:"/courses/41498", description:"This course is a continuation of GRMN 101 and is designed to strengthen and expand students' listening, speaking, reading, and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of German-speaking cultures. By the end of the course, students will be able to handle a variety of day-to-day needs in a German-speaking setting and engage in simple conversations about personally significant topics. Students can expect to be able to order food and beverages, purchase things, and to be familiar with the German university system, the arts, and current social topics. Students will begin to be able to talk aboutthe past and the future, make comparisons, describe people and things in increasing detail, make travel plans that include other European countries, and make reservations in hotels and youth hostels. By the end of the course students will be able to talk about their studies and about their dreams for the future. In In addition, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them tounderstand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"39406", path:"/courses/39406", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. There will be a set of assignments including one in which students have an opportunity to undertake their own field research in a Philadelphia neighborhood involving multiple methods of scientific inquiry. All instructional materials will be based on data related to contemporary public policy issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"38594", path:"/courses/38594", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions and international banking activities. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry. We will focus on the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and country risk. In addition, we will consider how to evaluate and compare the risk exposures and performance of individual banks. Throughout the semester we will discuss public policy issues such as international debt crises and regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VOICE FOR THE ACTOR", number:"null", id:"42201", path:"/courses/42201", description:"This introductory course is designed to help the actor find new freedom and range of expression with their voice and to connect their voice to their impulse. Our focus on relaxation, sensitivity and awareness, using Fitzmaurice Voicework techniques inspired by yoga and meditation, help the student access and develop their own authentic sound. They will learn how to support their voice in a healthy way, with a view to longevity, spontaneity and flexibility of use. In this course, these kinds of vocal exercises will be applied to short, character monologues, in order to foster sensitivity to our voices and breath and to the habits and tensions we have formed around speaking in public. For an actor, reconnecting with their authentic voice is essential for an honest, connected and compelling performance. This training is also useful for anyone who wants to speak in public with confidence, sincerity and ease.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTRIC & MAGNETIC FLDS", number:"null", id:"38523", path:"/courses/38523", description:"This course examines concepts of electromagnetism, vector analysis, electrostatic fields, Coulomb's Law, Gauss's Law, magnetostatic fields, Biot-Savart Law, Ampere's Law, electromagnetic induction, Faraday's Law, transformers, Maxwell equations and time-varying fields, wave equations, wave propagation, dipole antenna, polarization, energy flow, and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TISSUE ENG/PR/MTHD/APP", number:"null", id:"42399", path:"/courses/42399", description:"Tissue engineering demonstrates enormous potential for improving human health. This course explores principles of tissue engineering, drawing upon diverse fields such as developmental biology, cell biology, physiology, transport phenomena, material science, and polymer chemistry. Current and developing methods of tissue engineering, as well as specific applications will be discussed in the context of these principles. A significant component of the course will involve review of current literature within this developing field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM IN ADV APPL OF STAT: Online Methods in Machine Learning", number:"null", id:"43548", path:"/courses/43548", description:"This seminar will be taken by doctoral candidates after the completion of most of their coursework. Topics vary from year to year and are chosen from advance probability, statistical inference, robust methods, and decision theory with principal emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"43086", path:"/courses/43086", description:"Syllabus for MATH 370-371: an introduction to the basic concepts of modern algebra. Linear algebra, eigenvalues and eigenvectors of matrices, groups, rings and fields. MATH 502-503 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOCUMENTARY WRITING", number:"null", id:"42691", path:"/courses/42691", description:"This course will function as a workshop, with a select group of students. It's a course that will honor the spirit and tradition of 'documentary' writing. The word 'documentary' has meant many things over time. Here, it means a kind of nose-close observation and reportage. It means a level of being with one's subject matter in a way that other creative writing courses do not allow because of their format and structure. In English 155, a student writer at Penn will dare to 'hang' with his topic--a girl's high-school basketball team; a medical intern in a HUP emergency room; a cleaning lady doing the graveyard shift in a classroom building; a food-truck operator crowding the noontime avenues; a client-patient in the Ronald McDonald House near campus; a parish priest making his solitary and dreary and yet redemptive rounds of the sick and the dying in the hospital--for the entire term. At the term's end, each writer in the course will have produced one extended prose work: a documentary piece of high creative caliber. This is our goal and inspiration. The piece will be 35 to 40 pages long, at minimum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COVERING POLITICAL ELECT: POLITICAL COMMENTARY WRITING", number:"null", id:"35656", path:"/courses/35656", description:"In this new course, students with a passion for both writing and politics will have the unique opportunity to track the news as it unfolds week by week, to critique it in class, and, most importantly, to write about it in a variety of formats, ranging from 'straight' news to informed opinion. Students can expect spirited class debate about the elusive nature of 'objectivity,' the often thin line between truth and rumor, the challenges of fact-checking a candidate's 'spin,' the challenges of writing responsibility in an era when even facts seem to be polarized, the challenges of analyzing primary results and writing about it effectively, the growing pressure on journalists to reveal their political beliefs, and much more. Some of the writing will happen in class; students will view excerpts from debates and Sunday shows, and file their reports 'on deadline.' Some of the class sessions will focus on the hottest news of the moment. And students will also have a chance, in class, to critique some of the nation's best political writers--reporters, feature writers, columnists, and bloggers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF RETAILING", number:"null", id:"44541", path:"/courses/44541", description:"This course explores the domain of retailing; marketing to the final consumer. Emphasis is placed on marketing aspects of retailing not covered in other courses: retail strategy, merchandising, vendor relations and location.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSCIANSHIP II", number:"null", id:"39004", path:"/courses/39004", description:"Continuation of techniques established in Theory and Musicianship I. Explores chromatic harmony. Concepts will be developed through analysis and model composition. Musicianship component will include sight singing, clef reading, harmonic dictation and keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL RELATIVITY", number:"null", id:"37778", path:"/courses/37778", description:"This is a graduate level, introductory course in general relativity. The basics of general relativity will be covered with a view to understanding the mathematical background, the construction of the theory, and applications to the solar system, black holes, gravitational waves and cosmology. The latter part of the course will cover some of the basic modern topics in modern cosmology, including the current cosmological model, the accelerating universe, and open questions driving current research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41079", path:"/courses/41079", description:"Continuation of CHEM 053.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING STRATEGIES", number:"null", id:"44545", path:"/courses/44545", description:"This course is designed to equip students with the concepts, techniques, and latest thinking on pricing issues, with an emphasis on ways in which to help a firm improve its pricing. The orientation of the course is about practice of pricing, not theory. We will focus on how firms can improve profitability through pricing, look at how firms set their prices and how to improve current practices to increase profitability. The first part of the course focuses on how to analyze costs, customers, and competitors in order to formulate proactive pricing strategies. The second part focuses on price promotions, price bundling, price discrimination, versioning, nonlinear pricing, pricing through a distribution channel, dynamic pricing, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN RESEARCH METHODS", number:"null", id:"40773", path:"/courses/40773", description:"This course will examine different ways of undertaking urban research. The goal will be to link substantive research questions to appropriate data and research methods. Computer-based quantitative methods, demographic techniques, mapping / GIS and qualitative approaches will be covered in this course. There will be a set of assignments including one in which students have an opportunity to undertake their own field research in a Philadelphia neighborhood involving multiple methods of scientific inquiry. All instructional materials will be based on data related to contemporary public policy issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEATH: ANTHRO PERSPECTIV", number:"null", id:"36722", path:"/courses/36722", description:"This course will cover the topic of DEATH from a bio/cultural perspective including the evolution of life history (aging and demography - mortality) as well as from an archaeological perspective (prehistory) and early history of mortuary practices. Nothing in the lifespan of humans is so revealing on the interface of culture and biology as is death and the experience of death. This course is not concerned specifically with how an individual experiences death, but in the ways that culture and biology have come to define and deal with physical death and the death experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF STAGE DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44998", path:"/courses/44998", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of Scenic Design for the stage. Scene Design is about the look or physical appearance of the stage for a play. It reflects the way that the stage is composed artistically in regard to props, actors, shapes and color. We will explore Scene Design and the Theatre (story telling, place and local, time and period, society and culture) , Scene Design as a Visual Art (principals of design and composition, style, use of space, expression of concept) and examine how it ties together all the visual elements of a production to create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics will include: Script Analysis, Technical Production, Period Decor and Ornament; Drawing, Drafting, Model Making; and Scene Painting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLVING NURSING SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43279", path:"/courses/43279", description:"A consideration of contemporary nursing research as it pertains to the current state of the art and directions for future study. Advanced analysis of methodology, assumptions, and theoretical structures that underpin the work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
