CREATE (:Course{name:"HELL & ROM ART/ARTIFACT", number:"null", id:"38136", path:"/courses/38136", description:"This course surveys the political, religious and domestic arts, patronage and display in Rome's Mediterranean, from the 2nd c. BCE to Constantine's 4th-c. Christianized empire. Our subjects are images and decorated objects in their cultural, political and socio-economic contexts (painting, mosaic, sculpture, luxury and mass-produced arts in many media). We start with the Hellenistic cosmopolitan culture of the Greek kingdoms and their neighbors, and late Etruscan and Republican Italy; next we map Imperial Roman art as developed around the capital city Rome, as well as in the provinces of the vast empire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAIN SCIENCE & PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"39071", path:"/courses/39071", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT MGMT OF HUM ASSETS", number:"null", id:"37534", path:"/courses/37534", description:"Successful firms often excel in the capability of employing and deploying human assets (resources) to achieve the effective implementation of business strategy. To understand this capability, this course will address two central themes: 1) How to think systematically and strategically about various aspects of managing the organization's human assets; and 2) What really needs to be done to implement these policies and achieve competitive advantage. In order to think 'systematically' about this topic for any particular organization, we will consider the bundles of work practices and human resources processes that make up the overall system for managing people and evaluate whether these are internally consistent and aligned ('internal fit'). To think 'strategically,' we will then assess the relationship between practices/processes of managing people and the firm's strategy and strategic context, e.g. industry structure, competitive landscape, political, social, and economic environment -- for evidence of external fit. By paying attention to implementation, we will recognize that although many organizations recognize the importance of managing the workforce effectively (and even 'know' what approaches have been effective elsewhere), firms and managers very often fail to implement these approaches. 

The course is organized in four sections: 1) Setting out basic frameworks for viewing the strategic management of human assets as a source of competitive advantage for firms; 2) Comparing and contrasting four different approaches to organizing human assets: 'Control', 'Commitment' model, 'Talent' model, and 'Collaborative', 3) Addressing the 'make' vs. 'buy' decision for human assets, i.e. when to upgrade the internal skills of existing employees (including promotion from within) in order to boost capabilities and compete in new areas vs. when to hire people who already have the necessary skills, via external hires and/or hiring individuals on contract; and 4) Analyzing the relationships among culture, HR systems, and organization change when faced with strategic shifts; leadership crises; rapid growth, and global expansion. The strategic management of human assets is only one source of competitive advantage. Yet many managers recognize (and many successful organizations embody) the reality that the competitive edge gained from the newest technology, the latest marketing strategy, or the most creative product design may be relatively short-lived as competitors rush to imitate and follow. 

Aligning human resource systems with business strategy is not easy, but once achieved, it seems to offer a more sustainable - because more unique and difficult to imitate - source of competitive advantage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Problems in Roman Imperial History", number:"null", id:"39507", path:"/courses/39507", description:"This course will explore some of the pressing and problematic scholarly debates in the historiography of the Roman imperial period, from the accession of the first emperor, Augustus, to the reign of Justinian (ruled 527-363 CE). Students will gain a familiarity with both the broad historical narratives of the Roman empire and the details of specific scholarly disagreements in the intellectual, political, socio-economic, and cultural history of the period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LOGIC & COMPUTABTY", number:"null", id:"36079", path:"/courses/36079", description:"Continuation of Math 570.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS IN MATH STAT", number:"null", id:"36568", path:"/courses/36568", description:"A continuation of STAT 550.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE BENGALI II", number:"null", id:"42402", path:"/courses/42402", description:"This course develops the student's prior knowledge of Bengali. An attempt is made to gear the syllabus to meet the specific needs of students. The focus of the course is to develop the oral and aural skills of the learner as well as improve writing skills and reading strategies. Emphasis is also laid on increasing the sociolinguistic and strategic competence of the learners so that they will be able to function in the target culture. Besides discussions on various aspects of Bengali life, students read some short literary texts in the original Bengali version.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG ESTAB ENTERPRISE", number:"null", id:"45203", path:"/courses/45203", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41415", path:"/courses/41415", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Some are as of financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester, Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH C CHINESE LIT/FILM", number:"null", id:"35577", path:"/courses/35577", description:"This course serves as a thematic introduction to modern Chinese literature and cinema in mainland China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and transnational Chinese communities in the twentieth century. By discussing a wide range of key literary and filmic texts, this class looks into major issues and discourses in China's century of modernization: enlightenment and revolution, politics and aesthetics, sentimental education and nationalism, historical trauma and violence, gender and sexuality, social hygiene and body politics, diaspora and displacement, youth sub-culture and urban imagination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS OF SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36327", path:"/courses/36327", description:"What counts as a scientific ehtory> What counts as evidence for a scientific theory? Are scientific inferences justified? Does science give us truths or approximate truths about a world that exists independently of us? How can we know? Does it matter? These are all perennial questions in the philosophy of science, and the goal of this course is to look at how philosophers have answered these questions since the scientific revolution. In addition to reading classic work by philosophers of science, we will read material from living and dead scientists in order to gain a deeper appreciation of the philosophical questions that have troubled the most brilliant scientists in Western science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIFE AND DEATH OF STARS", number:"null", id:"42384", path:"/courses/42384", description:"This is an advanced undergraduate course on the life and death of stars. The course will cover the structure of stellar interiors, nuclear reactions and the formation of elements, stellar evolution, supernovae, and the physics of white dwarfs, neutron stars, and black holes. We will approach these topics from both theoretical and observational perspectives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & COMPET ADVANTAGE", number:"null", id:"45205", path:"/courses/45205", description:"This course is concerned with strategy issues at the business unit level. Its focus is on the question of how firms can create and sustain a competitive advantage. A central part of the course deals with concepts that have been developed around the notions of complementarities and fit. Other topics covered in the course include the creation of competitive advantage through commitment, competitor analysis, different organizational responses to environmental changes, modularity, and increasing returns. An important feature of the course is a term-length project in which groups of students work on firm analyses that require the application of the course concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"37174", path:"/courses/37174", description:"Through a series of studio projects this course introduces techniques of 2D and 3D computer animation. Emphasis is placed on time-based design and storytelling through animation performance and montage. Students will develop new sensitivities to movement, composition, cinematography, editing, sound, color and lighting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF AN AUTHOR: SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"44051", path:"/courses/44051", description:"This course introduces students to literary study through the works of a single author--often Shakespeare, but other versions will feature writers like Jane Austen, Geoffrey Chaucer, Herman Melville, and August Wilson. Readings an individual author across his or her entire career offers students the rare opportunity to examine works from several critical perspectives in a single course. What is the author's relation to his or her time? How do our author's works help us to understand literary history more generally? And how might be understand our author's legacy through performance, tributes, adaptations, or sequels? Exposing students to a range of approaches and assignments, this course is an ideal introduction to literary study for those students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"44865", path:"/courses/44865", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and real estate capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two midterms, (depending on instructor).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO NETWRKS & SEC", number:"null", id:"35498", path:"/courses/35498", description:"This course introduces principles and practices of computer and network security. We will cover basic concepts, threat models, and the security mindset; an introduction to cryptography and cryptographic protocols including encryption, authentication, message authentication codes, hash functions, public-key cryptography, and secure channels; an introduction to networks and network security including IP, TCP, routing, network protcols, web architecture, attacks, firewalls, and intrusion detection systems; an introduction to software security including defensive programming, memory protection, buffer overflows, and malware; and discuss broader issues and case studies such as privacy, security and the law, digital rights management, denial of service, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FACING RACE", number:"null", id:"41205", path:"/courses/41205", description:"Is race imaginary? If so, who invented facial distinctions and why can we see them? Do pictures change the way we think? How do artists think about the people they draw and satirize? This course will explore the relationship between caricature and perceptions of racial difference in modern western culture. We will interrogate the role that visual images play in framing our perceptions of groups and their defining characteristics. Broadly historical, this interdisciplinary course will introduce students to scholarship in visual culture, media studies, science studies, critical disability and gender studies, and race theory. Students will develop skills in primary source analysis, historical methodology, and visual analysis. Assignments will include a visual analysis, short papers, and a final project in which they make a comic book.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICA SINCE 1800", number:"null", id:"40112", path:"/courses/40112", description:"Survey of major themes, events, and personalities in African history from the early nineteenth century through the 1960s. Topics include abolition of the slave trade, European imperialism, impact of colonial rule, African resistance, religious and cultural movements, rise of naturalism and pan-Africanism, issues of ethnicity and 'tribalism' in modern Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERPIECES OF FRENCH CINEMA", number:"null", id:"41461", path:"/courses/41461", description:"This course will introduce students to key films of the French film canon, selected over a period ranging from the origins of French cinema to the present. Students will also be introduced to the key critical concepts (such as the notion of the 'auteur' film genre) informing the discussion of films in France. The films will be studied in both a historical and theoretical context, related to their period styles (e.g. 'le realisme poetique,' 'la Nouvelle Vague,' etc.), their 'auteurs,' the nature of the French star system, the role of the other arts, as well to the critical debates they have sparked among critics and historians. Students will acquire the analytical tools in French to discuss films as artistic and as cultural texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION, SOCIAL JUSTICE & URBAN DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"36618", path:"/courses/36618", description:"Urban development has been influenced by religious conceptions of social and economic justice. Progressive traditions within Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, Jainism, Baha'i, Humanism and other religions and systems of moral thought have yielded powerful critiques of oppression and hierarchy as well as alternative economic frameworks for ownership, governance, production, labor, and community. Historical and contemporary case studies from the Americas, Europe, Africa, Asia, and the Middle East will be considered, as we examine the ways in which religious responses to poverty, inequality, and ecological destruction have generated new forms of resistance and development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43117", path:"/courses/43117", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of the future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAB & CHAR NANO DEVICES", number:"null", id:"43162", path:"/courses/43162", description:"This course surveys various processes that are used to produce materials structured at the micron and nanometer scales for electronic, optical and biological applications. Basic principles of chemistry, physics, thermodynamics and surface/interfacial science are applied to solid state, liquid, and colloidal approaches to making materials. A wide range of nano- and microfabrication techniques, including photolithography, soft lithography, nanoimprint lithography, 3D printing and self-assembly, are covered. The course is heavily lab based, with 25% of class time and 30% of the homework devoted to hands on experiences. Lab assignments are a series of structured individual/group projects. Evaluation is based on 3-4 lab reports, 4 problem sets with journal paper reading assignment, and a final project design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCHASTIC PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"38895", path:"/courses/38895", description:"Markov chains, Markov processes, and their limit theory. Renewal theory. Martingales and optimal stopping. Stable laws and processes with independent increments. Brownian motion and the theory of weak convergence. Point processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOLSTOY", number:"null", id:"39287", path:"/courses/39287", description:"This course consists of three parts. The first, How to read Tolstoy? deals with Tolstoys artistic stimuli, favorite devices, and narrative strategies. The second, Tolstoy at War, explores the authors provocative visions of war, gender, sex, art, social institutions, death, and religion. The emphasis is placed here on the role of a written word in Tolstoys search for truth and power. The third and the largest section is a close reading of Tolstoys masterwork The War and Peace (1863-68) a quintessence of both his artistic method and philosophical insights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METROPOLITAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"42218", path:"/courses/42218", description:"In order to understand the complex and often skewed relationship between the built and natural systems, we must think in processes and examine different scales simultaneously. The course explores urban sustainability and resilience. At its core, sustainability is a radical concept that integrates the economy, equity (social justice), and the environment. Co-opted by marketing slogans, stripped of meaning and context, it has become vague and pliable. Sustainability and resilience demand a holistic systems view of the world. The course focuses on communities such as New Orleans and Eastwick where urban development has focused on economic concerns at the expense of the environment and equity resulting in unintended, and sometimes, catastrophic consequences. Students will have the opportunity to interact with community residents who have organized to develop strategies to address these ongoing issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOW TO RULE AN EMPIRE: AN INTRODUCTION TO EUROPEAN AND U.S. IMPERIALISM", number:"null", id:"35915", path:"/courses/35915", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATABASE & INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35506", path:"/courses/35506", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad field of database and information systems, covering a variety of topics relating to structured data, ranging from data modeling to logical foundations and popular languages, to system implementations. We will study the theory of relational and XML data design; the basics of query languages; efficient storage of data, execution of queries and query optimization; transactions and updates; web-database development; and 'big data' and NoSQL systems. The course assumes mathematical and programming experience equivalent to CIS160 and CIS121.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"38434", path:"/courses/38434", description:"Continuation of EEUR123.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREEK ART AND ARTIFACT", number:"null", id:"39550", path:"/courses/39550", description:"This course surveys Greek art and artifacts from Sicily to the Black Sea from the 10th century BCE to the 2rd century BCE, including the age of Alexander and the Hellenistic Kingdoms. Public sculpture and painting on and around grand buildings and gardens, domestic luxury arts of jewelry, cups and vases, mosaic floors, and cult artefacts are discussed. Also considered are the ways in which heroic epic, religious and political themes are used to engaged viewer's emotions and served both domestic and the public aims. We discuss how art and space was considered, along with ideas of invention and progress, the role of monuments, makers and patrons in Greek society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"40482", path:"/courses/40482", description:"This course is the first of two residencies that provide the nurse anesthetist student the opportunity to attain competencies within the Certified Registered Nurse Anesthesia (CRNA) scope of practice. Throughout the residency, the nurse anesthesia resident will utilize appropriate clinical judgment to manage the complex medical, physical and psychosocial needs of clients in the perioperative phases. Further refinement of the patient assessment, anesthesia administration, and critical thinking skills is emphasized. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients throughout the continuum of health care services. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the independence of the CRNA student. Collaborative practice within a care team model is emphasized and the student assumes more overall responsibility for the quality of care for the patients throughout the perioperative experience, with clinical support as required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN BUSINESS HISTRY: Value Creation and Value Capture in American Business History", number:"null", id:"36115", path:"/courses/36115", description:"This course concerns the history of capitalism in America viewed from the perspective of the people who operated (and in some cases owned) the firms. Its focus is on the activities of value creation and value capture and on how evolving opportunities and selection pressures have conditioned the historic development of competition, strategic analysis and initiatives, organizational structures, merger-and-acquisition activity, entrepreneurship, and the like. Accounting and control are also part of the story: the course in fact considers issues arising in a variety of different management disciplines and shows off their interrelationships. The maintenance (or otherwise) of value capture over the cycle and over time is a running theme.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR EVOLUTION OF PHYSIOLOGICAL FUNCTIONS", number:"null", id:"39633", path:"/courses/39633", description:"This course is designed for students who are interested in understanding how physiological functions are achieved. Taking advantage of the recent explosion in genetic data and high-resolution protein structure analysis across organisms, the course focuses on the evolution of physiological functions at the genetic, structural, circuit and organismal levels. Examples include the co-evolution of toxins and toxin resistance between hunter and prey, the evolution of substance transport across cell membranes, intracellular signaling cascades, intercellular communication, distributed and centralized nervous systems, neural circuits controlling physiological functions such as feeding, locomotion and visual information processing. Students are expected to learn 1) basic physiological processes, their origin and adaptation, 2) modern genetic, structural and physiological techniques, 3) to critically evaluate research findings, 4) to present scientific papers, and 5) to write a research report.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SLEEP AND SLEEP DISORDER", number:"null", id:"44857", path:"/courses/44857", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIMATE POLICY & TECH", number:"null", id:"39818", path:"/courses/39818", description:"The course will exam Pacala and Socolow's hypothesis that 'Humanity already possesses the fundamental scientific, technical and industrial know-how t solve the carbon and climate problem for the next half-century.' Fifteen 'climate stabilization wedges' i.e., strategies that each have the potential to reduce carbon emissions by 1 billion ons per year by 2054, will be examined in detail. Technology and economics will be reviewed. Socio-political barriers to mass-scale implementation will be discussed. Pacala and Socolow note 'Every element in this portfoloio has passed beyond the laboratory bench and demonstration project; many are already implemented somewhere at full industrial scale'.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT COMPUTING WITH R: Statistical Computing with R", number:"null", id:"40736", path:"/courses/40736", description:"The goal of this course is to introduce students to the R programming language and related eco-system. This course will provide a skill-set that is in demand in both the research and business environments. In addition, R is a platform that is used and required in other advanced classes taught at Wharton, so that this class will prepare students for these higher level classes and electives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTINATL CORP STRATEG", number:"null", id:"41721", path:"/courses/41721", description:"This course focuses on the creation of competitive advantage in the multinational firm. It examines the nature of global competition by exploring the characteristics of global versus non-global industries and firms. We also explore different types of international strategy and structure and examine the specific challenges of managing in multiple countries and markets. Finally, we consider the strategic allocation of resources along the value chain and the role of strategic alliances as a crucial element of an effective global strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TRANSLATION OF POETRY/THE POETRY OF TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"41294", path:"/courses/41294", description:"In this class we will study and translate some of the major figures in 20th century poetry, including Rainer Maria Rilke, Claire Malroux, Pablo Neruda, Cesare Pavese, Anna Akhmatova, and Bei Dao. While the curriculum will be tailored to the interests and linguistic backgrounds of the students who enroll, all those curious about world poetry and the formidable, irresistible act of translation are welcome. Students should have at least an intermediate knowledge of a language other than English. We will study mulitple translations of seminal poems, render our own versions in response, and have the additional opportunity to work directly from the original. Students may also work in pairs, or groups. A portion of the course will be set up as a creative writing workshop in which to examine the overall effect of each others' translations so that first drafts can become sucessful revisions. While class discussions will explore the contexts and particularity of (among others) Urdu, Italian, French, and Polish poetry, they might ultimately reveal how notions of national literature have radically shifted in recent years to more polyglottic and globally textured forms. Through guest speakers, essays on translation theory, and our own ongoing experiments, this course will celebrate the ways in which great poetry underscores the fact that language", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE IMPLEMENTATION", number:"null", id:"40327", path:"/courses/40327", description:"This advanced course in entrepreneurship centers on writing a comprehensive business plan and implementation plan for a venture of your choice. The course examines ways to profitably launch and exploit business opportunities (as opposed to what opportunity to explore). It will allow you to acquire the skill set necessary for crafting a winning business model for your venture - developing and writing a coherent and effective plan to start a business in either an independent or a corporate setting. The venture must distinguish itself from existing companies through differential innovation; for example, through an innovative product or service, an innovative production process, a new business model, or by creating a new market. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARTICLE COSMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39188", path:"/courses/39188", description:"This introduction to cosmology will cover standard big bang cosmology, formation of large-scale structure, theories of the early universe and their observational predictions, and models of dark energy. It is intended for graduate students or advanced undergraduates. No prior knowledge of general relativity or field theory will be assumed, although aspects of each will be introduced as part of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SANSKRIT II", number:"null", id:"39305", path:"/courses/39305", description:"This course will lead students to consolidate their knowledge of Sanskrit grammar and increase their familiarity with Sanskrit literature of all kinds, including epic, literary, philosophical, and narrative genres of texts. It will also introduce students to the study and reading of inscriptional materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERG ENTRPRSE: Managing the Emerging Enterprise", number:"null", id:"37525", path:"/courses/37525", description:"The management of emerging enterprises - new, small, entrepreneurial organizations - creates a range of multi-faceted challenges for the entrepreneur, whether the founder (and founding team) or the first generation of management. Establishing an emerging organization's unique business model or value proposition (not to mention its survival) is often the overriding preoccupation, but even in a new, small organization, managers need to under- stand how to develop the internal workings of a new firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account ever-increasing globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that successful management in the 21st century requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy. The course has three main parts. The first major part of the course will deal with fundamental issues of strategy, examining issues central to the long- and short-term competitive position of an enterprise. 

The second part of the course stresses the fact that organizational life is built around a complex interplay of social forces. We will study how to develop and implement organizational designs and human resource systems that achieve competitive advantage through the management of people. The third part of the course stresses the deep and persistent cross-national differences in economic, political and social institutions that affect the strategy, social structure, performance and value of organizations. The course culminates in the Wharton Global Summit when we examine the general management challenges posed by a current crisis (e.g., Euro 2013?) or in a rapidly growing frontier market (e.g., Imbalances in China). 

Inactive 

Inactive", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The US and Human Rights: Policies and Practices", number:"null", id:"43658", path:"/courses/43658", description:"Topics vary. See the Africana Studies Department's course list at https://africana.sas.upenn.edu for a description of the current offering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CHINESE BODY AND SPATIAL CONSUMPTION IN CHINATOWN", number:"null", id:"41408", path:"/courses/41408", description:"This is a primarily an art and planning course that centers on the representation of the oriental, specifically the Chinese, in both its historical and present contexts.The localization of the Chinese throughout the Americas within Chinatown precincts were also subject to representational imaginings that were negotiated through the lens of civic planning. This course will study the often fraught negotiation between representation and planning. The hyper-urbanization of China over the past several decades has radically altered traditional conceptions of public space in China. Mass migration from rural to urban areas has meant very high population densities in Chinese cities. Traditional courtyards surrounded by housing and other modestly scaled buildings are rapidly disappearing, incongruent with the demands of heated property development Moreover, Chinese cities have comparatively little public green space per resident compared to equivalents in the West. Zoning in Chinese cities is also much more varied for any given area than what one would find in cities such as New York, Paris, and London. Intensifying density of urban areas precludes the construction of large public squares. Furthermore, large public squares tend to be either intensively congested and", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROAD TO RED POWER: EXAMINING NATIVE NORTH AMERICAN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40135", path:"/courses/40135", description:"Topics in US History", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Sociological Research", number:"null", id:"39317", path:"/courses/39317", description:"One of the defining characteristics of all the social sciences, including sociology, ia a commitment to empirical research as the basis for knowledge. This course is designed to provide you with a basic uderstanding of research in the social sciences and to enable you to think like a social scientist. Through this course students will learn both the logic of sociological inquiry and the nuts and bolts of doing empirical research. We will focus on such issues as the relationship between theory and research, the logic of research design, issues of conceptualization and measurement, basic methods of data collection, and what social scientists do with data once they have collected them. By the end of the course, students will have completed sociological research projects utilizing different empirical methods, be able to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of various research strategies, and read (with understanding) published accounts of social science research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"38526", path:"/courses/38526", description:"This course investigates methods of economic analysis for decision making among alternative courses of action in engineering applications. Topics include: cost-driven design economics, break-even analysis, money-time relationships, rates of return, cost estimation, depreciation and taxes, foreign exchange rates, life cycle analysis, benefit-cost ratios, risk analysis, capital financing and allocation, and financial statement analysis. Case studies apply these topics to actual engineering problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"37217", path:"/courses/37217", description:"This course will examine American expressive culture, including everyday speech, narrative, music, foodways, religion, public celebrations, and material culture through an exploration of the multiple and changing avenues of diversity in the United States. Folklore can be considered the unofficial culture that exists beneath and between the institutions of power that we read about in our history books, and that is what we will be studying--the 99% of American life that goes unseen and unnoticed in other college courses. Some of the topics we will examine are: campus folklore; body art and adornment; contemporary (urban) legends and beliefs; public celebrations and rituals; and the adaptation and commodification of folk culture in popular media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 18TH-C BRITISH LIT: CHINA IN THE ENGLISH IMAGINATION", number:"null", id:"35660", path:"/courses/35660", description:"This course explores an aspect of 18th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRECEPTORSHIP IN CLIN BE", number:"null", id:"38167", path:"/courses/38167", description:"Introduction to the integration of biomedical engineering in clinical medicine through lectures and a preceptorship with clinical faculty. This course is for BE majors ONLY, with preference given to BSE students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING GUJARATI I", number:"null", id:"40087", path:"/courses/40087", description:"During the first year of Gujarati, major emphasis is placed on acquiring phonetics, grammatical patterns, and basic vocabulary. These goals are accomplished through guided drills and conversations accompanied by formal instruction on Gujarati grammar. From the outset, students are also taught the Gujarati writing system, which is used for all materials. By the end of the first year of instruction, student should be able to carry on coherent conversations on selected topics, read simple texts and compose short pieces in Gujarati.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RISE OF THE NOVEL: THE NOVEL & OTHER INSTIT", number:"null", id:"35627", path:"/courses/35627", description:"This course explores the history of the British novel and the diverse strategie of style, structure, characterization, and narrative techniques it has deployed since the late seventeenth century. While works from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries will form the core of the reading, some versions of this course will include twentieth-century works. All will provide students with the opportunity to test the advantages and limitations of a variety of critical approaches to the novel as a genre. Readings may include works by Behn, Swift, Defoe, Richardson, Fielding, Lennox, Smollett, Burney, Scott, Austen, the Brontes, Dickens, Eliot, Hardy, Conrad, Joyce, Lawrence, Woolf, Rhys, Greene, Naipaul, Carter, Rushdie, and Coetzee.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MACROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"38418", path:"/courses/38418", description:"Facts and theories about the determination of per capita income and its differences across countries and across time. The study of economic fluctuations in output and employment. The role of government in influencing these aggregate variables: monetary and fiscal policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ancient and Modern Constitution Making", number:"null", id:"38345", path:"/courses/38345", description:"Constitutionmaking reemerged as an urgent issue in the Twentieth Century with the transformation of colonial empires after World War II and the collapse of the Soviet empire near the end of the century. Constitutionmaking issues made themselves felt also in the constitutionally more mature locations. Even in the British Isles, for example, nationalist movements prompted new constitutional arrangements. And in the Twenty-First Century, as competition for control of Central Asia, the Middle East, and Northern Africa has reintensified, the written constitution has been hailed by some as the vehicle for changing long established cultures. The most striking feature of constitutionmaking in the last two centuries may be its uneven success when it comes to reducing political conflict and in reforming if not improving customs, character, habits, and actions. What might explain this uneven success? Is an explanation to be found by going back to what appear to be the roots of constitutionmaking?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"35447", path:"/courses/35447", description:"A detailed treatment of the theory and application of modern physical methods for the elucidation of structure and mechanism in inorganic and organometallic chemistry. An introduction to symmetry and group theory is followed by the application of these concepts to vibrational and electronic spectroscopy of inorganic complexes. Magnetic resonance is discussed in detail, including topics such as EPR, fourier transform methods, dynamic systems, and 2-dimensional NMR.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART AND SOCIAL WORK: ART AND THE ECOLOGY OF JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"44173", path:"/courses/44173", description:"How can the arts help us build a more just society? How can the arts transform social structures and systems? Public health crises involving clean water (Flint), police violence (Baltimore), and a lack of economic and educational opportunity following reentry (Philadelphia) make legible the need for a new visual language that critiques these conditions and challenges entrenched structural inequalities. We will engage the work of creative practitioners who are mapping new relationships between art and social justice and directly impacting individual and communal well-being. In so doing, the course seeks to challenge traditional constructions of public health, which often isolate individual histories from their social life and their relation to families, communities, and geographies. Readings will build upon disciplinary perspectives in the arts, humanities, and social policy. Requirements include weekly readings, class participation, and a collaborative final project. The course will meet in the Health Ecologies Lab at Slought Foundation, an arts organization on campus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Food in Latin American History and Culture", number:"null", id:"39356", path:"/courses/39356", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics: New Product Development - Design Thinking", number:"null", id:"44561", path:"/courses/44561", description:"DESIGN THINKING - A HUMAN-CENTERED APPROACH TO INNOVATION: In this hands-on experiential course, students will partner with a local start-up to apply design thinking steps taught throughout the course. Students will learn how to uncover deep consumer needs, effectively ideate, and create rapid prototypes to test their ideas with real customers. This class is well suited for those interested in careers in innovation or management consulting, marketing, product management, technology, or entrepreneurship. No prior experience or requirements are needed for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURIAL MKTG", number:"null", id:"41769", path:"/courses/41769", description:"This course focuses on the real life marketing challenges involved in launching an entrepreneurial venture. The primary goal of the course will to provide a roadmap for students seeking to actively engage as entrepreneurs, investors or managers in the startup culture. Many of the entrepreneurial marketing principles studied in this course will be equally applicable to mid-size and larger companies seeking new approaches to drive top-line growth. The course will address how start-ups, early growth stage and more mature companies have used entrepreneurial marketing as an essential competitive weapon to grow their businesses by gaining customers, driving revenue, acquiring funding and recruiting A-level employees, advisors and directors. Students will form teams and select an idea/concept for an entrepreneurial venture, and by the conclusion of the course will have developed a fully fleshed out and testable marketing plan. Preferably, the selected venture will be one that one or more members of the team would consider implementing, should their plan prove feasible.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPOR FICT/FILM-JPAN", number:"null", id:"38392", path:"/courses/38392", description:"This course will explore fiction and film in contemporary Japan, from 1945 to the present. Topics will include literary and cinematic representation of Japan s war experience and post-war reconstruction, negotiation with Japanese classics, confrontation with the state, and changing ideas of gender and sexuality. We will explore these and other questions by analyzing texts of various genres, including film and film scripts, novels, short stories, manga, and academic essays. Class sessions will combine lectures, discussion, audio-visual materials, and creative as well as analytical writing exercises. The course is taught in English, although Japanese materials will be made available upon request. No prior coursework in Japanese literature, culture, or film is required or expected; additional secondary materials will be available for students taking the course at the 600 level. Writers and film directors examined may include: Kawabata Yasunari, Hayashi Fumiko, Abe Kobo, Mishima Yukio, Oe Kenzaburo, Yoshimoto Banana, Ozu Yasujiro, Naruse Mikio, Kurosawa Akira, Imamura Shohei, Koreeda Hirokazu, and Beat Takeshi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL ILLUSTRATION", number:"null", id:"35740", path:"/courses/35740", description:"Digital Illustration is a course designed to expose students to the diverse techniques and approaches used in creating digital illustration for print publication. Course assignments will include two-dimensional animation storyboard rendering, figure illustration, technical diagram illustration, photographic retouching and enhancing. Digital applications will include morphing with layers, surface cloning, three-dimensional modeling and spatial transformation of scenes and objects. Students completing this course will possess the capability to design and plan creatively and skillfully execute finished artwork.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRCTRE AT THE NANOSCALE", number:"null", id:"40360", path:"/courses/40360", description:"Basic principles of material structure and organization from nano to macro sizes. This course will cover the fundamentals of materials structure including the crystalline, liquid crystalline and glassy states as well as 1-D, 2-D and 3-D structure and defects. Examples will be used from the different classes of materials - metallic, semiconductor, inorganic, polymeric - with particular emphasis on important components of structure on the nanoscale including particles, surfaces, interfaces and defects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP CAPITALIST SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"40118", path:"/courses/40118", description:"The course follows the evolution of industrial capitalism since the beginning of the English industrial revolution in the late 18th century. It ranges from the problems of the industrial revolution in England to problems of building a market economy in eastern Europe today. In particular, it examines industrialization and explores the sources of sustained economic growth from a comparative perspective. Most of the world, especially in so-called emerging economies, is still confronted with the challenge, and often pain, of creating a modern industrial capitalist society. The course attempts to build a conceptual apparatus for understanding models of industrialization and is built around issues such as law, anti-trust, corporate forms, banking institutions, industrial relations, etc. By definition, the course tends to concentrate on successful industrializers around the world, but questions regarding continuing underdevelopment will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPILERS & INTERPRETER", number:"null", id:"42540", path:"/courses/42540", description:"You know how to program, but do you know how to implement a programming language? In CIS341 you'll learn how to build a compiler. Topics covered include: lexical analysis, grammars and parsing, intermediate representations, syntax-directed translation, code generation, type checking, simple dataflow and control-flow analyses, and optimizations. Along the way, we study objects and inheritance, first-class functions (closures), data representation and runtime-support issues such as garbage collection. This is a challenging, implementation-oriented course in which students build a full compiler from a simple, typed object-oriented language to fully operational x86 assembly. The course projects are implemented using OCaml, but no knowledge of OCaml is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gender, Sexuality and Identity-Contemporary Caribbean Cultural Production", number:"null", id:"40722", path:"/courses/40722", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEPICT DATA & PICT NAT", number:"null", id:"42191", path:"/courses/42191", description:"Scientific knowledge has always relied on images, as in the cases of big, beautiful books of pictures like Audubon's Birds of America, photographs taken through telescopes, maps, readouts and today, digital images. These images can be a shorthand or guide to make patterns clearer-or sometimes are taken to represent the natural world itself. With questions about how to represent 'big data,' the interpretation of medical images, and about the manipulability of digital images, the role of images in contemporary science is hardly straightforward. This course will look at the development of image-making as a part of knowledge production in medicine and the sciences. We will read works by visual specialists, historians, scientists and artists, and critically examine scientific images themselves, developing our own visual literacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37201", path:"/courses/37201", description:"This course is intended for students with prior knowledge of finance or with strong analytical backgrounds. Together with the pre-term preparation course (FNCE604) the foundation for subsequent courses in corporate finance, corporate valuation, investments, and financial derivatives. Its purpose is to develop a framework for analyzing a firm's investment and financial decisions. This course will start where FNCE604 ends. More precisely, it will provide an introduction to capital budgeting techniques under uncertainty, asset valuation, the operation and efficiency of capital markets, the optimal capital structure and dividend policy of the firm and options. In short, it will cover all the topics of a typical semester-long finance introductory class in six weeks. This course assumes that students are familiar with the material covered in FNCE 604. As a result, it is only available to those students who successfully passed the Finance Placement Exam at the end of the pre-term. This course is not suitable for students new to finance and with limited analytical backgrounds. This course is hard. The pace is fast and it requires a major investment of time and effort outside class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL PHARMACOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35385", path:"/courses/35385", description:"This seminar course reviews the behavioral effects of drugs in animals, the general biological and psychological principles of drug action, and the relationship between drugs that affect brain monoamine and opiate systems and their behavioral effects. Introductory lectures on general topics will be followed by advanced discussion of specific topics in a journal club format through student presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP ABNORMAL: PSYCHOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40611", path:"/courses/40611", description:"PSYC 362-301 is a two-semester course starting in the Fall. Class size limited to 8 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HAND-DRAWN COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"37166", path:"/courses/37166", description:"Using software tools designed for hand-drawn animation, students will develop animation skills applicable to all forms of animation. In this course students will learn to draw with a sense of urgency and purpose as they represent motion and drama in a series of frames. Through careful study of natural movements, precedents in the history of animation, and through the completion of a series of animation projects students will develop strategies for representing naturalistic movement, inventing meaningful transformations of form, and storytelling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING: RELIEF AND SCREEN PRINTING", number:"null", id:"37168", path:"/courses/37168", description:"This course is an introduction to technical skills and investigative processes in screen printing and relief and examines methods for combining digital technology with traditional print media. The course introduces students to several contemporary applications of silkscreen and relief printmaking including techniques in multi-color printing, photo-based silkscreening, digital printing, woodcut, linocut, and letterpress. Demonstrations include photo and image manipulation, color separating and output techniques, hand carving and printing, as well as drawing and collage. Both traditional and experimental approaches are explored and encouraged and technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS IN GLOBAL POL ENVIR", number:"null", id:"39595", path:"/courses/39595", description:"This course examines the non-market components of business and the broader political, regulatory, and civil context in which companies function. This course addresses how businesses interact with political and regulatory institutions, as well as the general public, with a focus on the global economy. The first portion examines the realities associated with political economy and the actual making of laws and regulations by imperfect politicians and regulators. The second portion analyzes the economic rationale for legislation and regulation in the presence of market failures. The course covers specific market failures and potential solutions including government regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"43391", path:"/courses/43391", description:"This course surveys the institutional development of the American presidency from the Constitutional convention through the current administration. It examines the politics of presidential leadership, and how the executive branch functions. An underlying theme of the course is the tensions bewteen the presidency, leadership, and democracy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP VISION&CMPTNL PHOTO", number:"null", id:"39746", path:"/courses/39746", description:"This is an introductory course to Computer Vision and Computational Photography. This course will explore three topics: 1) image morphing, 2) image matching and stitching, and 3) image recognition. This course is intended to provide a hands-on experience with interesting things to do on images/videos. The world is becoming image-centric. Cameras are now found everywhere, in our cell phones, automobiles, even in medical surgery tools. Computer vision technology has led to latest innovations in areas such as Hollywood movie production, medical diagnosis, biometrics, and digital library. This course is suited for students from all Engineering backgrounds, who have the basic knowledge of linear algebra and programming, and a lot of imagination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SEXUALITY JAPAN", number:"null", id:"35587", path:"/courses/35587", description:"If you have ever wondered about the following questions, then this is the right course for you:Is Japan a hyper-feminine nation of smiling geisha and obedient wives? Is it a hyper-masculine nation of samurai and economic warriors? Is it true that Japanese wives control the household? Is it true that Japanese men suffer from over-dependence on their mothers? What do young Japanese women and young men worry about? What does the government think about the future of Japanese women and men? Assuming that expressions of gender and sexuality are deeply influenced by cultural and social factors, and that they also show profound differences regionally and historically, this course examines a variety of texts--historical, biographical, autobiographical, fictional, non-fictional, visual, cinematic, analytical, theoretical--in order to better understand the complexity of any attempts to answer the above questions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT I", number:"null", id:"37927", path:"/courses/37927", description:"Spanish 135 is a first-semester intermediate-level medical Spanish language course that emphasizes the development of the four basic skills (reading, writing, listening, and speaking), and the acquisition of medical terminology. Students will be expected to participate in classroom activities such as role-plays based on typical office and emergency procedures in order to develop meaningful and accurate communication skills in the target language. Students will also review and acquire forms and structures useful both inside and outside the medical field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROJECTS IN PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"42779", path:"/courses/42779", description:"This course will concentrate on expanding imagery in print media. The course requires the proposal of a directed final project to be developed during the semester. Three initial exploratory projects will culminate in the final. Projects are open to all print media, but there will be an emphasis on screen printing. Techniques will be addressed as they serve the needs of ideas rather than a set technical procedure. Through individual consultation, scheduled class critiques, and field trips, attention will be given to studio work in and out of printmaking so that the technical and conceptual strengths of print media can serve as a worthwhile adjunct to an overall studio practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL ECON OF GENDER", number:"null", id:"40594", path:"/courses/40594", description:"After decades of centralized governments and economies, processes of decentralization are taking place all over the world. From a comparative perspective, this course examines those processes in Latin America. We begin by analyzing different theories and explanations about the origins, advantages and disadvantages of constitutional federalism, fiscal federalism, and decentralization. We then focus on the study of federalism and recent decentralization reforms in three of the four Latin American federations: Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. In the last part of the course, we turn to the study of decentralization in a unitary country: Colombia. Over the course of the semester, we will discuss topics such as the role that governors played in the recent economic and political crises in Argentina, the evolving power of governors and mayors in Brazil, the importance of subnational elections for democratization processes in Brazil and Mexico, the survival of authoritarian enclaves in Mexico, and issues of accountability and peace prospects in Colombia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & ART OF BIOTECH", number:"null", id:"41058", path:"/courses/41058", description:"Biotechnology transforms basic biological research into pharmaceutical therapies. This course will examine some explanations for American biotechnology vitality by studying case histories in which fundamental, biological observations were subsequently developed, successfully and unsuccessfully, for therapeutic applications. Along the way, we will also seek to understand the interactions among academic research institutions, biotechnology companies, large pharmaceutical companies, the Food and Drug Administration, financial institutions, venture groups, and the Patent and Trademark Office. Classes will be highly interactive. Students will present case histories in a critical fashion. Ultimately, students will conduct mock negotiations focused on university technology transfers, clinical trial design, financing, and intellectual property.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED COMP GRAPHICS", number:"null", id:"42548", path:"/courses/42548", description:"This course is designed to provide a comprehensive overview to computer graphics techniques in 3D modeling, image synthesis, and rendering. Topics cover: geometric transformations, geometric algorithms, software systems, 3D object models (surface, volume and implicit), visible surface algorithms, image synthesis, shading, mapping, ray tracing, radiosity, global illumination, sampling, anti- aliasing, Monte Carlo path tracing, and photon mapping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"36200", path:"/courses/36200", description:"The purpose of the course is to introduce you to the subjects of the disciplineof Folkore, their occurrence in social life and the scholarly analysis of their use in culture. As a discipline folklore explores the manaifestations of expressive forms in both traditional and moderns societies, in small-scale groups where people interace with each face-to-face, and in large-scale, often industrial societies, in which the themes, symbols, and forms that permeate traditional life, occupy new positions, or occur in differenct occasions in in everyday life. For some of you the distinction between low and high culture, or artistic and popular art will be helpful in placing folkore forms in modern societies. For others, these distinction will not be helpful. In traditional societies, and within social groups that define themselvfes ethnically, professionally, or culturally, within modern heterogeneous societies, and traditional societies in the Americas, Africa, Asia, Europe and Australia,folkore plays a more prominent role in society, than it appears to plan in literatie cultures on the same continents. Consequently the study of folklore and the analysis of its forms are appropriate in traditional as well as modern societies and any society that is in a transitional phase.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YIDDISH II", number:"null", id:"43639", path:"/courses/43639", description:"Continuation of YDSH 103. Emphasis on reading texts and conversation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Agrarian Question in Asia:A Chapter in the History of Economic Thought", number:"null", id:"36498", path:"/courses/36498", description:"In this course we will look at how the relationship between 'modern' industry, agriculture, and economic chnage has been undestood and acted upon in the context of the two major agrarian empire zones of Asia that now comprise the countries of China and India. Today, it is in connection to recent processes of economic liberalization, globalization, and the post-Cold War 'triumph of capitalism' that the vast changes transpiring in these areas of the world are most typically discussed. However, the anticipation of the imminent 'great transformation' of these parts of the world has a much longer history. As such, it has proven both constitutive of the processes of actual transformation that have been unfolding in these parts of the world since (at least) the second half of the nineteenth-century and representative of the multifarious idioms that have historically gone into the making of knowledge about the economic. To Asian subalterns and to the West's high theoretical exponents of classical political economy, to metropolitan romantics and to incipient 'third-world' nationalists, to the early 20th-century's increasingly 'scientific' economists and to its revolutionaries - to one and all the agrarian question in Asia was crucial. For us, it will be the entrepot into thinking about the making of economics and the economy in a time before", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN AFRICANA STUDIES: The History of Women and Men of African Descent at the University of Penn", number:"null", id:"38052", path:"/courses/38052", description:"Topics Vary. See the Africana Studies Program's website at www.sas.upenn.edu/africana for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOLKLORE & SUPERNATURAL", number:"null", id:"42840", path:"/courses/42840", description:"Some beliefs in the supernatural have not diminished appreciably in modern cultures, in spite of many predictions that they would do so. This course will examine traditional beliefs about supernatural beings, supernatural realms, and humans who interact with these, as well as the historical development of Western ideas of 'the supernatural' itself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROENDOCRINOLOGY SEM", number:"null", id:"38206", path:"/courses/38206", description:"This course is an upper-level seminar, designed to examine the various roles played by the nervous and endocrine systems in controlling both physiological processes and behavior. We will focus on sexual and parental behaviors, stress, metabolism, neuroendocrine-immune interactions, and mental health. The format will be a mixture of lectures and journal club discussions based on recent primary literature in the field of neuroendocrinology. Students will also write several short papers based on the clinical neuroendocrinology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF MIND", number:"null", id:"36333", path:"/courses/36333", description:"This course will survey several central topics in philosophy of mind, as well as investigating how philosopy of the mind interacts with scientific study of the mind. Among the questions we'll be asking are: What is it to have a mind? What is the relationship between the mind and the brain? Can there be a science of the mind? What can it tell us? What can philosophy contribute to a science of the mind? What is consciousness? What is it to think, to perceive, to act? How are perception, thought, and action related to one another?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INESCAPABLE CLASSICS", number:"null", id:"39752", path:"/courses/39752", description:"The legacy of Greco-Roman traditions in Western culture is everywhere apparent. Whether in the realm of political or legal systems, philosophical and scientific discourse, mythological dreamscapes, psychology, literary genre or aesthetic theory, the contribution of Greek and Roman culture is routinely invoked sometimes to admire, other times to lament. It forms a highly complex narrative of reception and influence, shaped by historical contingencies, individual talents and temperaments, and continually shifting conceptions of what these contributions actually were. This seminar will trace the evolution of the Classical tradition, in all its varied and inconsistent manifestations, primarily through the visual arts. It will be a museum-based course, organized around four important Philadelphia museums or collections: (1) The Penn Museum (for ancient artifacts), (2) Penn s manuscript collection within van Pelt Special Collections (where we will examine original manuscripts of the Medieval and Renaissance periods that transmit Classical culture), (3) The Philadelphia Museum of Art, and (4) The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, both of which house many examples of painting and sculpture deeply informed by the Classical tradition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38280", path:"/courses/38280", description:"CHIN 032 is designed for students who can speak Chinese and have reading ability of about 1000 Chinese characters. This Chinese reading and writing course is specifically designed for students at the ACTFL intermediate-low reading and writing level. The literacy goal is to master 1000 to 2000 Chinese words and reach the intermediate-mid proficiency level. Reading material covers topics that are meaningful to students not only to increase engagement and confidence in their Chinese reading skills, but also foster students' apprehension and understanding of the Chinese deep culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RICH AND THE POOR", number:"null", id:"44928", path:"/courses/44928", description:"Who is rich? Who is poor? This course examines how wealth and income are distributed in the United States, and how its distribution affects individuals, groups, institutions, and society. We will gain a fuller understanding of what social class is and discuss how it affects all aspects of life, including: quality of schooling, access to employment, child rearing, and even tastes, preferences, and identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED WHEEL STUDIO", number:"null", id:"35751", path:"/courses/35751", description:"This course teaches students more advanced wheel throwing techniques while helping to develop their critical skills in other areas of ceramic work. Students will learn to throw, employing larger masses of clay, and to increase the complexity of their work by combining and altering thrown parts. There will be an emphasis on experimentation in surface treatment and design, the goal of which is to expand a student's ability to create more complicated and personalized clay works. In addition to learning the technical knowledge, there will be critical discussions of contemporary ceramics issues through image presentations, reading materials and field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL INTER'L NEGOTIATIONS: Political International Negotiations", number:"null", id:"40593", path:"/courses/40593", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Sustainable Environmental Policy & Global Politics; Shakespeare and Political Theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  NURSING PRACTICE AND HIV+ PATIENTS", number:"null", id:"40426", path:"/courses/40426", description:"This course is directed at the need to increase nursing majors knowledge and clinical expertice in the care of persons with HIV/AIDS. Hands on clinical practice with nurses who are AIDS experts will be combined with seminars that provide epidemiologic, clinical assessment, infection control, symptom management, patient teaching, psychosocial, ethical, cultural, political, and policy information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGY OF LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"44849", path:"/courses/44849", description:"This course describes the nature of human language, how it is used to speak and comprehend, and how it is learned. The course raises and discusses issues such as whether language ability is innate and unique to humans, whether there is a critical period for the acquisition of a language, and how linguistic and conceptual knowledge interact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL & VISUAL PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"40538", path:"/courses/40538", description:"Do colors look differently to housepainters or artists than to the layperson? This course explores the evidence from psychology that colors do look differently to experts. It also examines the philosophical implications that follow from this. We will read literature from philosophy and psychology exploring the nature of color, color perception, and perceptual learning. We will dig deep into evidence from psychology that experience changes one's color perception (Delk and Fillenbaum, 1965; Goldstone 1995; and Hansen et al., 2006). Along the way, we will address philosophical questions such as how we can arrive at shared knowledge of color, given that our perceptual systems are flexible, and potentially divergent from one another.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASTE & CLASS SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"43477", path:"/courses/43477", description:"This course will explore the histiography and theory of caste and class in South Asia. While we will survey the evidence from the pre-modern period briefly, the primary focus of the course will be on the period between the eighteenth and twentieth centuries. We will examine the degree to which colonial rule triggered particular kinds of class-oriented and caste-oriented 'reform', and the extent to which South Asian actors themselves shaped the nature of such change. The course will also provide an introduction to the work of the Subaltern school historians who have engaged with such questions, and situate them within the wider field of South Asian historiography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENRSHP: Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship", number:"null", id:"41649", path:"/courses/41649", description:"Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical and intensive course that examines the critical legal and transactional issues confronting start-up and emerging growth companies. Although the context of the course is early stage companies, many of the concepts studied are equally applicable to more mature, established companies. The course provides perspective on how to use the law strategically to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize shareholder value. Topics include the enforceability of confidentiality, non-competition and other restrictive covenants in employment agreements; choice of business form including the legal, financial and tax advantages and disadvantages of general partnerships, limited partnerships, corporations and limited liability companies; tax and securities law; legal aspects of raising capital including structuring venture capital and private equity financing; entrepreneurial acquisition structures, employment law, and intellectual property law including trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STDS AFRICAN-AMER MUSIC", number:"null", id:"40384", path:"/courses/40384", description:"This course explores aspects of the origins, style development, aesthetic philosophies, historiography, and contemporary conventions of African-American musical traditions. Topics covered include: the music of West and Central Africa, the music of colonial America, 19th century church and dance music, minstrelsy, music of the Harlem Renaissance, jazz, blues, gospel, hip-hop, and film music. Special attention is given to the ways that black music produces 'meaning' and to how the social energy circulating within black music articulates myriad issues about American identity at specific histroical moments. The course will also engage other expressive art forms from visual and literary sources in order to better position music making into the larger framework of African American aesthetics. (Formerly Music 146).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPHONE APP DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"35492", path:"/courses/35492", description:"This project-oriented course is centered around application development on the iOS platform, Apple's mobile operating system developed for the iPhone and other Apple mobile devices. The first half of the course will involve fundamentals of iPhone development, where students learn the Objective-C programming language for iOS, an object-oriented C dialect with Smalltalk-style messaging, as well as efficient memory management and event-based programming on the iOS platform. In the second half of the course, students work in teams to conceptualize and develop a significant iPhone application. Creativity and originality are highly encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"40332", path:"/courses/40332", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE HEALTH POL.", number:"null", id:"37800", path:"/courses/37800", description:"This course examines the relationship between politics and the health of populations in the worlds rich democracies, including the Unites States. The key questions the course addresses are how and why countries differ in their health care policies, public health policies, and policies that affect the social determinants of health. There are no prerequisites, but prior coursework in comparative politics at the 100 or 200 level will be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREDICTIVE ANALYTICS: Predictive Analytics for Business", number:"null", id:"42180", path:"/courses/42180", description:"This course follows from the introductory regression classes, STAT 102, STAT 112, and STAT 431 for undergraduates and STAT 613 for MBAs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS OLD ENGLISH: BEOWULF", number:"null", id:"37089", path:"/courses/37089", description:"This seminar explores an aspect of Anglo-Saxon culture intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"37627", path:"/courses/37627", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"45160", path:"/courses/45160", description:"FNCE 101 is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD MIDEAST LIT IN TRANS", number:"null", id:"44606", path:"/courses/44606", description:"The Middle East boasts a rich tapestry of cultures that have developed a vibrant body of modern literature that is often overlooked in media coverage of the region. While each of the modern literary traditions that will be surveyed in this introductory course-Arabic, Hebrew, Persian and Turkish-will be analyzed with an appreciation of the cultural context unique to each body of literature, this course will also attempt to bridge these diverse traditions by analyzing common themes-such as modernity, social values, the individual and national identity-as reflected in the genres of poetry, the novel and the short story. This course is in seminar format to encourage lively discussion and is team-taught by four professors whose expertise in modern Middle Eastern literature serves to create a deeper understanding and aesthetic appreciation of each literary tradition. In addition to honing students' literary analysis skills, the course will enable students to become more adept at discussing the social and political forces that are reflected in Middle Eastern literature, explore important themes and actively engage in reading new Middle Eastern works on their own in translation. All readings are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC OF SOUTH & SE ASIA", number:"null", id:"41803", path:"/courses/41803", description:"What role does music play in articulating religious identities and spaces? What is the importance of ritual musics as they persist and change in the modern world? How does music reflect and articulate religious ways of thinking and acting? In this course, we explore these and other questions about the interrelations between music, religion, and ritual in South and Southeast Asia. Focusing on India, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, and Indonesia, the course emphasizes musics from Hindu, Buddhist, Muslim and Christian traditions; nevertheless, it draws widely to touch upon sacred musics in Pakistan, Nepal, Burma, Thailand, Vietnam, and among some indigenous peoples in the region. Throughout, we explore ontologies of sound; sonic occurrences in religious structures, public processions, and pilgrimage sites; the construction of religion and ritual as ideas forged through colonial encounter and modern scholarship on religion; the politics of sacred sounds in today's public spaces and contemporary media, such as television and online; and the surprising fluidity between popular and sacred musical genres.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING: RELIEF AND SCREEN PRINTING", number:"null", id:"41394", path:"/courses/41394", description:"This course is an introduction to technical skills and investigative processes in screen printing and relief and examines methods for combining digital technology with traditional print media. The course introduces students to several contemporary applications of silkscreen and relief printmaking including techniques in multi-color printing, photo-based silkscreening, digital printing, woodcut, linocut, and letterpress. Demonstrations include photo and image manipulation, color separating and output techniques, hand carving and printing, as well as drawing and collage. Both traditional and experimental approaches are explored and encouraged and technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV JOURNALISTIC WRITING: JOURNALISTIC STORY-TELL.", number:"null", id:"39874", path:"/courses/39874", description:"A workshop in creative writing devoted to original student work in journalism. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL CULTURE AND HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"42587", path:"/courses/42587", description:"Democracy can only survive and thrive when citizens have faith in its ability to produce just outcomes through just procedures. How do citizens decide whether to trust political leaders, government institutions, or the election system? This course will examine the role of media particularly news media in enhancing or undermining trust in democratic processes and institutions. We will begin by exploring competing definitions of political trust. We will then consider a variety of ways in which media influence trust. Specific topics will range from issues in contemporary American politics, such as news coverage of alleged voter fraud and alleged voter suppression, to the relationship between media and trust in international context, particularly the importance of trust in newer democracies. Throughout the semester we will also consider issues related to the measurement of political trust using examples from national and global surveys of political attitudes. Quantitative Research Methods in Communication, or a similar course involving survey design and analysis, is recommended as a prerequisite for Media and Political Trust.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPANISH CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"40710", path:"/courses/40710", description:"Must be a resident of the Modern Language College House.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLICY,MUSEUMS&CUL HERIT", number:"null", id:"39517", path:"/courses/39517", description:"This course will focus upon and examine the ethics of international heritage and the role that Museums play in the preservation of identity and cultural heritage. The mission of this course will be to inform and educate students about the role of Museums within the 21st century. What is the role and position of antiquities and important cultural objects in Museums? How should Museums acquire these objects and when should they be returned to countries and cultural groups? Examples from current issues will be included in the reading and discussions along with objects and issues within the Penn Museum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRUST AND UNCERTAINTIES", number:"null", id:"43761", path:"/courses/43761", description:"For permits please see: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/lps/graduate/mbds/permit-request Why do we trust some people and not others? What signals give us reason to trust some brands or products more than others? Trust is a foundational feature of the decisions we regularly undertake and turns largely on the kinds of uncertainty that we encounter. This course will provide background on the different types of trust we elicit and the motivational conditions that bring these expectation about. In so doing we will see that the nature of trust requires a more nuanced assessment of what we mean by uncertainty and how we experience it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISK ANALY & ENV MGMT: Risk Analysis and Environmental Management", number:"null", id:"44719", path:"/courses/44719", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"40556", path:"/courses/40556", description:"Temperature, entropy and generalized potentials, phase transitions, and introduction to ensemble theory and distribution functions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"42629", path:"/courses/42629", description:"The goal of this course is to teach students of engineering and applied science to be effective negotiators. It aims to improve the way these students communicate i virtually any human interaction. The course intends to improve the ability of engineers and other technology disciplines to gain more support more quickly for projects, researc product and services development, and marketing. For those wanting to be entrepreneurs o r intrapreneurs, the course is designed essentially to find the most value possible in starting up and running companies. Based on Professor Diamond's innovative and renowned model of negotiation, it is intended to assist those for whom technical expertise is not enough to persuade others, internally and externally, to provide resources, promotions and project approvals; or to resolve disputes, solve problems and gain more opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"36348", path:"/courses/36348", description:"Classical laws of motions; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP. GOVERNANCE EXEC", number:"null", id:"43119", path:"/courses/43119", description:"This course examines the relationships between corporate managers,the boards ofdirectors charged with overseeing them, and investors. We'll review the responsibilities of the board, including financial statement approval, CEO performance assessment, executive compensation, and succession planning. While boards are legally bound to represent the interests of equity investors, in the course of carrying out this role they are often called on to respond to the needs of numerous other stakeholders, including customers, employees, government and society at large. With global brands at risk and mistakes instantly transmitted via Internet and social media, the reputational stakes are very high.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED HEALTH CARE ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS PLANNING", number:"null", id:"39079", path:"/courses/39079", description:"This course focuses on the management of financial resources in the healthcare industry particularly in inpatient and ambulatory care settings. Specific emphasis is on applied accounting, budgeting, capital planning, nursing staffing/scheduling and variance analysis. Additionally, students will apply concepts in developing a business/program plan including completion of an environmental scan, cost-benefit analysis and marketing plan. Students will engage in strategic planning, stakeholder analysis and benchmarking efforts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CYBORGS, ROBOTS, AND GADGETS: TECHNOLOGIES IN CONTEMPORARY HISPANIC CINEMA", number:"null", id:"44957", path:"/courses/44957", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHARTON FIELD CHALLENGE: BBTW/Community development (literacy classes)", number:"null", id:"38927", path:"/courses/38927", description:"http://fap.wharton.upenn.edu/353 Students Info.htm", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM MECHANICS I", number:"null", id:"37779", path:"/courses/37779", description:"Wave mechanics, complementarity and correspondence principles, semi-classical (WKB) approximation, bound state techniques, periodic potentials, angular momentum, scattering theory, phase shift analysis, and resonance phenomena.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRINCIPLES OF PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE", number:"null", id:"45249", path:"/courses/45249", description:"This course expands the student's understanding evidenced based care for infants, children, and adolescents with complex acute and chronic health conditions. Emphasis is placed on advancing a framework for practice based on a synthesis of knowledge from biological, behavioral, and nursing sciences through clinical decision making. The student continues to gain the necessary clinical management skills to provide specialized patient centered care across the entire pediatric age spectrum from complex chronic illness to physiologic deterioration and life threatening instability with emphasis on the patient and family as a full partner in decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURE OF TURKISH", number:"null", id:"36599", path:"/courses/36599", description:"The course would start with a brief introduction to Turkic languages and the place of Turkish in relation to them. This would be followed by information about the Turkic language family's relationship to that of other languages in the context of historical linguistics; the teaching of some of this discipline's principles would be involved. After a brief presentation of the development of Turkish, involving the influence of other languages on it, we would focus on the phonology of Turkish, including phonemes, allophones and vowel harmony. A large part of the course would be devoted to morphology, comprising of suffixes and their function. Finally, syntax, including idiom formation and use would be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN OPTICS", number:"null", id:"39185", path:"/courses/39185", description:"Interaction of light with matter. Interference and diffraction, absorption and dispersion, stimulated emission and coherence, spectroscopy, non-linear processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMPIRICAL METH CORP FN", number:"null", id:"35813", path:"/courses/35813", description:"The course will cover a variety of microeconometic models and methods including panel data models, program evaluation methods [e.g. difference in differences, matching techniques, regression discontinuity design] instrumental variables, duration models, structural estimation [e.g. simulated methods of moments]. The structure of the course consists of lectures, student presentations, and empirical exercises. I will utilize published studies in a variety of fields such as corporate finance, labor economics and industrial organization to illustrate the various techniques. The goal of the course is to provide students with a working knowledge of various econometric techniques that they can apply in their own research. As such, the emphasis of the course is on applications, not theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARTH THROUGH TIME", number:"null", id:"44247", path:"/courses/44247", description:"Origin of Earth, continents, and life. Continental movements, changing climates, and evolving life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADICAL ARTS:  LITERATURE, VISUAL ARTS, THEATER AND CINEMA IN THE AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"44043", path:"/courses/44043", description:"This course explores the complex and fruitful relationship between literature and the visual arts, including painting, sculpture, installations, and performance art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"44824", path:"/courses/44824", description:"This seminar examines the influences on and patterns of China's international relations. Topics to be covered include the following:theoretical approaches to analyzing foreign policy; the historical legacy and evolution of China's foreign policy; contemporary China's foreign policy on traditional national security concerns as well as economic, environmental, and humanitarian issues; China's military modernization; China's foreign policy in Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America; China's rise and its implications for relations with the United States. The class is a seminar in which student preparation and participation will essential. Students planning to enroll in the course must have taken PSCI 219 (or, with the instructor's permission, its equivalent). You are expected to complete all required readings each week and come to seminar meetings prepared to discuss them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"37659", path:"/courses/37659", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: Globalism and National Identity", number:"null", id:"40976", path:"/courses/40976", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41078", path:"/courses/41078", description:"A general laboratory course covering aspects of qualitative and quantitative analysis, determination of chemical and physical properties, and chemical synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"20TH C CHINESE LIT/FILM", number:"null", id:"43986", path:"/courses/43986", description:"This course serves as a thematic introduction to modern Chinese literature and cinema in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and other transnational Chinese communities in the twentieth century. By discussing a wide range of key literary and filmic texts, this class looks into major issues and discourses in China's century of modernization: enlightenment and revolution, politics and aesthetics, sentimental education and nationalism, historical trauma and violence, gender and sexuality, social hygiene and body politics, diaspora and displacement, youth sub-culture and urban imagination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SECRET CIRCLE: CRIME & CONSPIRACY FICTIONS IN CONTEMP LT AM LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"44959", path:"/courses/44959", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Europe: From an Idea to the Union", number:"null", id:"38435", path:"/courses/38435", description:"Employing the methods from the humanities and social sciences this interdisciplinary seminar will explore the variety of factors that contributed to dividing and uniting Europe. The continent will be considered as a geographical and cultural space and the construction of its identity will be examined through several historical periodsfrom the Middle Ages to Modernism--comprising the rich layer of pan-European civilization across the ethnic or national borders. Finally, the structure of the European Union will be scrutinized including its institutions, decision-making mechanism, monetary union, collective security, the Grexit, and Europes changing relationship with Russia. Participants will be encouraged to select a particular topic in European studies and research it through assigned readings, film, literature, and other media", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAKING OF A MODERN WORLD: 13 INNOVATIONS THAT CHANGED HUMAN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"38722", path:"/courses/38722", description:"How did the world we now live in come to be? Is globalization a recent development or does it have a history of its own? At what point can we say that a world economy emerged and what sort of relations of production and distribution linked it together? When did people start thinking and acting as citizens of nations rather than as subjects of rulers or members of religious or ethnic communities, and what were the consequences? How should we conceptualize the great revolutions (French, American, Russian, Chinese) that would determine the landscapes of modern global politics? This course is designed to help us think about the 'making of the modern,' not by means of an exhaustive survey but by exploring a range of topics from unusual perspectives: piracy, patriotism, prophecy; global struggles for political and human rights,drivers of war and peace, capitalism, nationalism, socialism, fascism, fundamentalism; communication and culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSS DEAD POETS SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36481", path:"/courses/36481", description:"This course, designed for the lovers of poetry, will focus on close readings of the works of marvelous Russian poets from the 18th to the 20th c. These poems will be read against a broad historical and cultural background. Our goal will be to 'resurrect' the distinct voice of each poet as a part of a cultural myth of Russian poetry. The list of dead poets to be summoned includes a number of major names, such as Gavriil Derzhavin, Alexander Pushkin, Mikhail Lermontov, Alexander Blok, Osip Mandelshtam, and Iosif Brodsky, as well as a 'short list' of minor, yet very representative and provocative, authors such as the notorious 'pornographic' poet Ivan Barkov and a 'ghost poet' Kozma Prutkov.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1980S AFRICAN AMERICAN LITERATURE AND CULTURE", number:"null", id:"44044", path:"/courses/44044", description:"The readings for this course expose the student to a wide range of American fiction and poetry since World War II, giving considerable attention to recent work. Works may include All The King's Men by Robert Penn Warren, Herzog by Saul Bellow, On The Road by Jack Kerouac, V by Thomas Pynchon, Of Love and Dust by Ernest J.Gaines, A Flag For Sunrise by Robert Stone, The Killing Ground by Mary Lee Settle, and selected poem by Ginsberg, Plath, and Walcott. Readings vary from term to term.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEAT/MASS TRANSFER", number:"null", id:"43099", path:"/courses/43099", description:"This course covers fundamentals of heat and mass transfer and applications to practical problems in energy conversion and conservation. Emphasis will be on developing a physical and analytical understanding of conductive, convective, and radiative heat transfer, as well as design of heat exchangers and heat transfer with phase change. Topics covered will include: types of heat transfer processes, their relative importance, and the interactions between them, solutions of steady state and transient state conduction, emission and absorption of radiation by real surfaces and radiative transfer between surfaces, heat transfer by forced and natural convection owing to flow around bodies and through ducts, analytical solutions for some sample cases and applications of correlations for engineering problems. Students will develop an ability to apply governing principles and physical intuition to solve problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OLD ENGLISH", number:"null", id:"41663", path:"/courses/41663", description:"The main purpose of this course is to teach students to read Old English ('Anglo-Saxon'), chiefly but not exclusively for research in linguistics. Grammar will be heavily emphasized; there will also be lectures on the immediate prehistory of the language, since the morphology of Old English was made unusually complex by interacting sound changes. In the first eight weeks we will work through Moore and Knott's 'Elements of Grammar' and learn the grammar; the remainder of the term will be devoted to reading texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT KOREAN MEDIA II", number:"null", id:"43018", path:"/courses/43018", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. Current Korean Media II aims at a deeper understanding of the contemporary Korean society, through critical analysis of language use and viewpoints expressed in various types of media including the Internet, TV, films, magazines and newspapers. This course will focus on cultural products and practices such as popular culture, media culture, and entertainment. By catering to the needs and interests of individual learners of Korean, the course will provide them with a rich opportunity to relate what they have learned in previous Korean language courses to the larger context of Korean culture and society. In addition, students will have an in-depth discussion on topics related to Korean society as well as Penn news. This course is conducted entirely in Korean.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMPIRICAL PUBLIC POLICY", number:"null", id:"41018", path:"/courses/41018", description:"This course examines econometric research on a variety of topics related to public policy, with the goal of preparing students to undertake academic-caliber research. The course is not an econometrics or statistics course per se; rather, it focuses on research designs with observational data and how econometric techniques are applied in practice. The course aims to train students to do applied economic research that involves measuring effects of theoretical or practical interest. It proceeds in two major parts. The first part examines endogeneity and inference about causal relationships, instrumental variables methods and critiques, and panel data methods. The second part of the course addresses 'structural' econometric modeling. Topics covered in this part include sorting and selection, entry models, and counterfactual analyses of policy changes. The course proceeds by analyzing, in detail, approximately 24 well-known empirical research papers in applied economics or related fields. These include public economics and tax policy, labor economics, law and economics, health care policy, industrial organization and competition, transportation demand and policy, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITAL HIST 1789-PRESENT", number:"null", id:"35934", path:"/courses/35934", description:"The seminar looks at the evolution of modern Italy from the Napoleonic Era through the unification of the Kingdom in 1861, through its crisis in the First World War and the subsequent struggle for control of the new mass society. It looks at the emergence of the first fascist regime and the first modern dictatorship under Benito Mussolini; the rise and consolidation of that dictatorship, its descent into anti-Semitism, defeat in war and the civil war of 1943-45.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMED IMAGE ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"36792", path:"/courses/36792", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of advanced quantitative image analysis that apply to all of the major and emerging modalities in biological/biomaterials imaging and in vivo biomedical imaging. While traditional image processing techniques will be discussed to provide context, the emphasis will be on cutting edge aspects of all areas of image analysis (including registration, segmentation, and high-dimensional statistical analysis). Significant coverage of state-of-the-art biomedical research and clinical applications will be incorporated to reinforce the theoretical basis of the analysis methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERACTVE COMP GRAPHICS", number:"null", id:"42547", path:"/courses/42547", description:"This course focuses on programming the essential mathematical and geometric concepts underlying modern computer graphics. Using 3D interactive implementations, it covers fundamental topics such as mesh data structures, transformation sequences, rendering algorithms, and curve interpolation for animation. Students are also introduced to two programming languages widely used in the computer graphics industry: C++ and GLSL. The curriculum is heavily project-based, and culminates in a group project focused on building an interactive first-person world exploration application using the various real-time interaction and rendering algorithms learned throughout the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: LATIN LITERATURE: THE FABLES OF PHAEDRUS", number:"null", id:"43026", path:"/courses/43026", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit. Assignments will include syntactic and literary analysis on a daily basis, a midterm, a paper, and a final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY, CULTURE, RELIGION IN EARLY INDIA", number:"null", id:"37875", path:"/courses/37875", description:"This course surveys the culture, religion and history of India from 2500 BCE to 1200 CE. The course examines the major cultural, religious and social factors that shaped the course of early Indian history. The following themes will be covered: the rise and fall of Harappan civilization, the 'Aryan Invasion' and Vedic India, the rise of cities, states and the religions of Buddhism and Jainism, the historical context of the growth of classical Hinduism, including the Mahabharata, Ramayana and the development of the theistic temple cults of Saivism and Vaisnavism, processes of medieval agrarian expansion and cultic incorporation as well as the spread of early Indian cultural ideas in Southeast Asia. In addition to assigned secondary readings students will read select primary sources on the history of religion and culture of early India, including Vedic and Buddhist texts, Puranas and medieval temple inscriptions. Major objectives of the course will be to draw attention to India's early cultural and religious past and to assess contemporary concerns and ideologies in influencing our understanding and representation of that past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ASIAN AMER LIT", number:"null", id:"39854", path:"/courses/39854", description:"An overview of Asian American literature from its beginnings at the turn of the twentieth century to the present. This course covers a wide range of Asian American novels, plays, and poems, situating them in the contexts of American history and minority communities and considering the variety of formal strategies these different texts take.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOOKING OUT:  U.S. LITERATURE AND THE GLOBAL NINETEENTH-CENTURY", number:"null", id:"39878", path:"/courses/39878", description:"This course explores an aspect of early American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"38906", path:"/courses/38906", description:"This course is a junior lab which follows MEAM 333 Heat Transfer and MEAM 354 Mechanics of Materials with design projects based on those topics. In the broader context of design/independent skill development, this course also introduces open ended topics, wider design options, and introduces project planning and management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"37933", path:"/courses/37933", description:"Business Spanish II, Advanced Spanish for Business, is specifically designed for advanced speakers of Spanish (e.g., native speakers, heritage speakers, students who have studied in a Spanish-speaking country for at least one semester, and those who have attained an equivalent level of linguistic competency). Students will take an in-depth look at the corporate dynamics of a number of countries in Latin America, focusing on their economies and markets, as well as on the cultural and business protocols of each region. Through the creation of an entrepreneurial project and the writing of a business plan, students will enhance their business and language skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38964", path:"/courses/38964", description:"The purpose of this course is to provide students with an opportunity to learn and apply the major frameworks, theories, current research findings, principles and practices of effective advertising management as part of an Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC) program. By the end of this course, students should not only be familiar with a large body of advertising knowledge, but should also be able to apply this information to create and evaluate effective advertising strategies and tactics. The emphasis will be on: 1) understanding the psychology of customer motivation and persuasion; 2) crafting effective and creative messages; 3) making efficient selections and use of media; and 4) understanding metrics, all within the broader Integrated Marketing Communications perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE IN PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"40752", path:"/courses/40752", description:"This course will investigate the state of the contemporary, non-profit theatre culture of Philadelphia by examining the history, artistic mission, and current production work of selected city theatre companies. This course will also explore the creative process of theatre-making as undertaken by these theatres through the reading of plays being produced by them this fall, through an analysis of the collaborative contribution of the playwright, director, actors, and designers to the creation of a production, and, finally, through attendance at those productions mounted by the theatre companies under investigation. The members of the class will write individual essays responding to these productions, do research and give group presentations on other Philadelphia theatre companies, and participate daily in a spirited dialogue about the vitality, level of artistic accomplishment, and cultural/social value of contemporary theatre in Philadelphia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WEB DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"35741", path:"/courses/35741", description:"Art of the Web: Interactive concepts for art and design is a first step in learning how tocreate, analyze and discuss interactive content, as a visual creator. It is an exploration of the culture of the internet, the ideas behind its quirks, the dreams and freedoms it encapsulates, and the creative power it gives to us. Students will be assigned projects that will challenge their current understanding of the web, and the ways it shapes human connectivity and interaction. Upon completion of this course, students will possess a working knowledge how to organize and design websites and learn to critique web-content including navigation, UX design and information ? ?architecture. The course will require analytical and conceptual skills and foster creative thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL SIGNALING", number:"null", id:"35415", path:"/courses/35415", description:"The evolution of multicellularity required that cells be able to both send and receive signals from their neighbors. The development of organs and differentiation of cells and tissues requires reliable and continuous communication between cells. Consequences of inappropriate or anomalous signaling include development abnormalities and cancer. This class will examine mechanisms of cell-to-cell signaling between plant and animal cells with an emphasis on the cell biology of development. For Spring 2014, particular attention will be given to signaling in stem cell niches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"42127", path:"/courses/42127", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you should be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONVERSATION & WRITING", number:"null", id:"37298", path:"/courses/37298", description:"After four semesters of language study, it's time to enter the vibrant world of contemporary Israeli culture. In this course students read some of the best plays, poems, short stories, and journalism published in Israel today. They also watch and analyze some of Israel's most popular films, TV programs, and videos. Themes include Jewish-Arab relations, the founding of the State, family ties and intergenerational conflict, war and society, and the recent dynamic changes in Israel society. HEBR 054 or permission of instructor. Since the content of this course may change from year to year, students may take it more than once (but only once for credit).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING YIDDISH II", number:"null", id:"45081", path:"/courses/45081", description:"In this course, you can continue to develop basic reading, writing and speaking skills. Discover treasures of Yiddish culture: songs, literature, folklore, and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGIONS OF THE AFRICAN DIASPORA", number:"null", id:"35243", path:"/courses/35243", description:"Religions of the African Diaspora - Religion shapes and defines the lives of many persons in the Africans Diaspora. This course will explore both the historical and present day manifestations of religions practices by those in the African Diaspora, including Voodu, Candomble, Obeah, Rastafari, African Initiated Churches, Pentecostalism, and Catholicism. Theoretical issues including sexuality, gender, and material culture will also be covered in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA AND RELIGION", number:"null", id:"44882", path:"/courses/44882", description:"This course will look at the ways that religion intersects with media in South Asia-- exploring how the medium is the message. The class begins with a discussion of how it is difficult to define 'religion' and 'media' in the Global South, specifically in South Asia. We will analyze how religion and media are inextricable, and also how news media has gone about the business of turning religion into news. The class will familiarize students with a variety of media forms aside from the obvious sources of internet, TV and newspaper-- these include traditional architecture, devotional texts, devotional poetry, music, visual-sensorial worship, modern film, recorded music, clothing, and live performance. We will conclude with a look at religion in forms of contemporary media, with particular attention to new media (TV, radio, internet). The course also offers students lectures providing a foundation of knowledge on a few of the primary religious traditions that will be central to the regions under discussion: Islam, Hinduism, Sikhism, Jainism, Zoroastrianiasm, and Christianity. There will be guest speakers and a visit to Penn Museum. While much of the course will be immersed in the history and the past, we will conclude by considering contemporary contexts, both globalized and local.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMEDICAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"39152", path:"/courses/39152", description:"This course is an introduction to bioethics, focusing on ethical questions arising at the beginning and end of life. Topics will include procreative responsibilities, the question of wrongful life, and prenatal moral status as well as questions of justice related to markets for sperm, eggs and gestation. We will also attend to dilemmas at the end of life, including the authority of advance directives, euthanasia and the allocation of life-saving therapies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"39220", path:"/courses/39220", description:"This seminar examines the influences on and patterns of China's international relations. Topics to be covered include the following:theoretical approaches to analyzing foreign policy; the historical legacy and evolution of China's foreign policy; contemporary China's foreign policy on traditional national security concerns as well as economic, environmental, and humanitarian issues; China's military modernization; China's foreign policy in Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America; China's rise and its implications for relations with the United States. The class is a seminar in which student preparation and participation will essential. Students planning to enroll in the course must have taken PSCI 219 (or, with the instructor's permission, its equivalent). You are expected to complete all required readings each week and come to seminar meetings prepared to discuss them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF RELIGION", number:"null", id:"43489", path:"/courses/43489", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"41022", path:"/courses/41022", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT DISCOV ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42564", path:"/courses/42564", description:"Archaeology is a young and exciting scientific discipline created around 150 years ago as a way to discover and interpret the material remains of our human past. Many archaeological sites are world-famous: Pompeii, Troy, the pyramids of Egypt, the Parthenon of Athens, the temple complex at Angkor, to name a few. In this course, we will examine many important archaeological sites, mainly in the Old World of the Mediterranean, Near East, and Asia, but also in the New World of North and South America. Using a thematic and comparative approach, we will delve deeper to explore the societies that produced these wonders, and examine cultural similarities and differences across the ancient world. This course is a non-technical introduction for students interested in archaeology, history, art history, anthropology, or related subjects. There are no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR THESIS", number:"null", id:"42899", path:"/courses/42899", description:"This course is for senior undergraduate Women's Studies majors who will be completing their thesis. The seminar helps students decide on the most appropriate methodologies to use and topics to include in their thesis. Other topics include thesis organization and drawing conclusions from primary and secondary sources of data.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Conflict, Ideology, and Public Discourse", number:"null", id:"41970", path:"/courses/41970", description:"This MLA seminar will deepen our understanding of the role that political and cultural ideologies -- such as liberalism, conservatism, nationalism, totalitarianism, fundamentalism, etc. -- play in contemporary public discourse and the psychology of ideological thinking that makes political conflicts so difficult to resolve. Drawing on a series of case studies in contemporary political, social and cultural conflict such as recent political campaigns and nationalist movements around the globe, we will identify and examine the ideologies driving such conflicts, and from these we will draw out the common philosophical characteristics and psychological features of ideological thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"45194", path:"/courses/45194", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY,OIL&GLOBAL WARMIN", number:"null", id:"44770", path:"/courses/44770", description:"The developed world's dependence on fossil fuels for energy production has extremely undesirable economic, environmental, and political consequences, and is likely to be mankind's greatest challenge in the 21st century. We describe the physical principles of energy, its production and consumption, and environmental consequences, including the greenhouse effect. We will examine a number of alternative modes of energy generation - fossil fuels, biomass, wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear - and study the physical and technological aspects of each, and their societal, environmental and economic impacts over the construction and operational lifetimes. No previous study of physics is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP I", number:"null", id:"37017", path:"/courses/37017", description:"Engineers and scientists create and lead great companies, hiring managers when and where needed to help execute their vision. Designed expressly for students having a keen interest in technological innovation, this course investigates the roles of inventors and founders in successful technology ventures. Through case studies and guest speakers, we introduce the knowledge and skills needed to recognize and seize a high-tech entrepreneurial opportunity - be it a product or service - and then successfully launch a startup or spin-off company. The course studies key areas of intellectual property, its protection and strategic value; opportunity analysis and concept testing; shaping technology driven inventions into customer-driven products; constructing defensible competitive strategies; acquiring resources in the form of capital, people and strategic partners; and the founder's leadership role in an emerging high-tech company. Throughout the course emphasis is placed on decisions faced by founders, and on the sequential risks and determinants of success in the early growth phase of a technology venture. The course is designed for, but not restricted to, students of engineering and applied science and assumes no prior business education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: CLASSICISM & LIT: GREEK MYTH IN CONTEMPORARY POETRY", number:"null", id:"37078", path:"/courses/37078", description:"This advanced seminar will examine the classical backgrounds to English poetry, in particular the Biblical and Greco-Roman antecedents to Renaissance lyric verse and verse drama (such as, preeminently, Shakespeare). Different versions of this course will have different emphases on Biblical or Hellenist backgrounds. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPCT IN FRENCH LIT", number:"null", id:"37231", path:"/courses/37231", description:"This basic course in literature provides an overview of French literature and acquaints students with major literary trends through the study of representative works from each period. Students are expected to take an active part in class discussion in French. French 221 has as its theme the presentation of love and passion in French literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"38842", path:"/courses/38842", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP VERT ANATOMY & EVOL", number:"null", id:"42443", path:"/courses/42443", description:"This course will survey the phylogeny and anatomy of vertebrate organisms from a comparative evolutionary perspective. The lecture will concentrate on the history, diversity, structure and function of vertebrates. A companion lab course, BIOL 336, is available for those students interested in a more complete understanding of vertebrate anatomy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METEOROLOGY AND EARTH'S CLIMATE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"42872", path:"/courses/42872", description:"This course deals with the study of the two main parts of Earth's climate system, the atmosphere and the ocean. It explores, qualitatively and quantitatively,the physical laws, geological and geographical processes, and mass and energy budgets that govern these two parts and their combined influence on Earth's past and present climate. Main topics covered include, but not limited to, properties of air and water; physical balances; equilibrium states; transport of heat and mass; clouds; precipitation; storms; regional and global climate; ozone layer; seasons and climate; weather forecasting; atmospheric optics; ocean currents; ocean bathymetry, salinity, and atmospheric forcing; history of Earth's changing climate in the geologic record, global warming, and how climate impacts humans and how do humans impact climate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WONDERS OF ANCIENT WORLD", number:"null", id:"35267", path:"/courses/35267", description:"By using as its focus the famous Seven Wonders of the World, in addition to study of similar wonders which did not make this canonical list, the course will provide an overview of the history and civilizations of the ancient Near East and Greece through the Hellenistic Period (ca. 3000-200 BC). The course will explore the ancient civilizations that created the Seven Wonders: Egypt (The Great Pyramids and the Lighthouse of Alexandria), Mesopotamia (the Hanging Gardens of Babylon), and Greece (the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, the Mausoleum of Halicarnassus, the Colossus of Rhodes, and the Statue of Zeus at Olympia). In addition, the course will examine several ancient wonders that did not make the famous list. The additional wonders include the ziggurat of Ur, the labyrinthine palace of Minos at Knossos, the tomb of King Tutankhamen, the citadel of Homeric Troy, Solomon's temple in Jerusalem, Sennacherib's palace at Nineveh, and Darius the Great's royal center at Persepolis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Contemporary Issues in African Society", number:"null", id:"42134", path:"/courses/42134", description:"This course will deal with law and society in Africa. After surveying the various legal systems in Africa, the focus will be on how and to what extent the countries of Africa 're-Africanized' their legal systems by reconciling their indigenous law with western law and other legal traditions to create unified legal systems that are used as instruments of social change and development. Toward this end, the experiences of various African countries covering the various legal traditions will be included. Specific focus will be on laws covering both economic and social relations. This emphasis includes laws of contracts and civil wrongs, land law, law of succession, marriage and divorce and Africa's laws of International Relations, among other laws. Throughout this course a comparative analysis with non-African countries will be stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ARABIC IV", number:"null", id:"43721", path:"/courses/43721", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 033/633.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The US and Human Rights: Policies and Practices", number:"null", id:"40893", path:"/courses/40893", description:"Topics vary. See the Africana Studies Department's course list at https://africana.sas.upenn.edu for a description of the current offering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AERODYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"37504", path:"/courses/37504", description:"Review of fluid kinematics and conservation laws; vorticity theorems; two-dimensional potential flow; airfoil theory; finite wings; oblique shocks; supersonic wing theory; laminar and turbulent boundary layers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND STUDIES", number:"null", id:"44592", path:"/courses/44592", description:"This course provides an introduction to the burgeoning field of sound studes. With clear roots in Music studies, sound studies is at the same time a trans-disciplinary endeavor that spans literature, media theory, sensory history, and anthropology, and is engaged with substantive issues of race, gender, and global politics. Students will engage with texts drawn from a variety of fields, as well as sound and performance art, fiction, podcasts, and film, and they will be encouraged to experiment with creative, multimedia elements in their final projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR SPOKEN CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39676", path:"/courses/39676", description:"This course is designed for students who have little or no previous exposure to Chinese. The main objective of the course is to help students develop their listening and speaking skills. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods, asking for directions. Chinese characters will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIN ISS IN HLTH CR MGMT", number:"null", id:"35887", path:"/courses/35887", description:"This course will explore the effects of the changing health care environment on the physician, patient and health care manager. It is intended for any undergraduate with an interest in how 1/6th of the American economy is organized as well as those planning careers as health care providers and managers. The course complements other health care courses (that take a societal perspective) by focusing on the individuals who participate in the health care enterprise. There are no prerequisites, as the course will stand on its own content. The course will be divided into modules that focus on the participants of the health care process and the process itself. We will analyze the patient, the doctor, and manager in light of the patient-doctor interaction, the turbulent health care marketplace, expensive new technologies,resource allocation, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL CORP FINAN", number:"null", id:"37193", path:"/courses/37193", description:"Analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics include managing exchange risk through hedging and financing, measuring exchange rate exposure, calculating the cost of capital for foreign operations, assessment of sovereign risks, capital budgeting from a project and parent perspective, and international taxation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOPIRACY MED PLANTS GLO", number:"null", id:"35961", path:"/courses/35961", description:"Biopiracy has emerged as the name of conflict between multinational pharmaceutical companies attempting to get genetic patents on medicinal plants and indigenous communities in the Global South who have long known and used these plants for medicinal purposes. Today the story of Biopiracy is an unfolding story of plants, patents and power. The extraction and commercial exploitation of plants and knowledge about them from the Global South however is not new. It has been happening at increasing pace for at least the last two centuries. Both the anti-malarial drug quinine and the cancer drug vincristine for instance have their plant-origins in the Global South where local communities used them medicinally long before their discovery by biomedicine. This course will put the current debates around Biopiracy in context and explore how the entanglements of plants and power have changed or not changed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"35597", path:"/courses/35597", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ROBOTICS", number:"null", id:"37501", path:"/courses/37501", description:"The rapidly evolving field of robotics includes systems designed to replace, assist, or even entertain humans in a wide variety of tasks. Recent examples include human-friendly robot arms for manufacturing, interactive robotic pets, medical and surgical assistive robots, and semi-autonomous search-and-rescue vehicles. This course presents the fundamental kinematic, dynamic, and computational principles underlying most modern robotic systems. The main topics of the course include: rotation matrices, homogeneous transformations, manipulator forward kinematics, manipulator inverse kinematics, jacobians, path and trajectory planning, sensing and actuation, feedback control, haptic interfaces, and teleoperation. The material is reinforced with hands-on lab exercises involving a robotic arm and a haptic interface.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENG CASE STUDIES", number:"null", id:"36791", path:"/courses/36791", description:"This course introduces students to bioengineering research and development as related to meeting clinical needs. The course is broadly organized about the question of 'what makes medical technology work'. It introduces students to the assessment of medical technology including studies to evaluate safety and effectiveness of new devices. Introduction to regulatory, ethical, legal, and economic issues as they relate to the success of new medical technologies. The course will be taught through examination of case studies, which may vary from year to year. Recent case studies included mammography, heart assist devices and the artificial heart, hyperthermia, safety of radiofrequency energy. The course will include experts (both in person and via teleconferences) and student presentations in addition to lectures by the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"40247", path:"/courses/40247", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL ORGS ECONS GVRNC: International Organizations, Economics and Governance", number:"null", id:"44359", path:"/courses/44359", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41245", path:"/courses/41245", description:"The relationship of economic principles to law and the use of economic analysis to study legal problems. Topics will include: property rights and intellectual property; analysis of antitrust and economic analysis of legal decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN DRAMA AND THE PERFORMANCE OF A NATION", number:"null", id:"35986", path:"/courses/35986", description:"Please check the website for a current course description at: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KELLY WRITERS HOUSE FELLOWS SEMINAR: DAVIS, BAMFORD AND MACKEY", number:"null", id:"42707", path:"/courses/42707", description:"This course explores an aspect of contemporary American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year but have included 'The Literary History of The Cold War, 1947-1957' and the 'Kelly House Fellows Seminar.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSLIMS,CHRISTNS,JEWS", number:"null", id:"41822", path:"/courses/41822", description:"A reading- and discussion-intensive seminar that addresses several recurring questions with regard to the Middle East and North Africa. How have Islam, Judaism, and Christianity influenced each other in these regions historically? How have Jews, Christians, and Muslims fared as religious minorities? To what extent have communal relations been characterized by harmony and cooperation, or by strife and discord, and how have these relations changed in different contexts over time? To what extent and under what circumstances have members of these communities converted, intermarried, formed business alliances, and adopted or developed similar customs? How has the emergence of the modern nation-state system affected communal relations as well as the legal or social status of religious minorities in particular countries? How important has religion been as one variable in social identity (along with sect, ethnicity, class, gender, etc.), and to what extent has religious identity figured into regional conflicts and wars? The focus of the class will be on the modern period (c. 1800-present) although we will read about some relevant trends in the early and middle Islamic periods as well. Students will also pursue individually tailored research to produce final papers. Prior background in Islamic studies and Middle Eastern history is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROENDOCRINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35379", path:"/courses/35379", description:"This course is designed to examine the various roles played by the nervous and endocrine systems in controlling both physiological processes and behavior. First, the course will build a foundation in the concepts of neural and endocrine system function. Then, we will discuss how these mechanisms form the biological underpinnings of various behaviors and their relevant physiological correlates. We will focus on sexual and parental behaviors, stress, metabolism, neuroendocrine-immune interactions, and mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Spanish Literature during Franco's Dictatorship", number:"null", id:"37943", path:"/courses/37943", description:"Permission required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"36512", path:"/courses/36512", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you shoud be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Russian and East European Film II", number:"null", id:"39284", path:"/courses/39284", description:"This course examines the Russian and East European contribution to world cinema after WWII - Stalinist aesthetics and desalinization, WWII in film, the installation of totalitarianism in Eastern Europe and the Cold War in film, the fall of the Berlin Wall, the collapse of the Soviet Union and the post-soviet condition, cinematic representations of Yugoslavia's violent breakup; the new Romanian waive. Major filmmakers in discussion include Kalatozov, Tarkovsky, Wajda, Polanski, Forman, Mentzel, Sabo, Kusturitsa, Konchalovsky, Mikhalkov and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLING", number:"null", id:"36047", path:"/courses/36047", description:"The generative literature on language acquisition has produced many accurate and insightful descriptions of child language, but relatively few explicit accounts of learning that incorporate the role of individual experience into the knowledge of specific languages. Likewise, the experimental approach to language development has identified processes that could provide the bridge between the data and the grammar, but questions remain whether laboratory findings can sufficiently generalize to the full range of linguistic complexity. This course is an overview of research in language acquisition with particular focus on the important connection between what children know and how they come to know it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS DRAMA TO 1660: INTRO TO SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"41314", path:"/courses/41314", description:"This course explores an aspect of drama before 1660 intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"44470", path:"/courses/44470", description:"Continuation of MATH 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - STRATEGIC EQUITY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38622", path:"/courses/38622", description:"This course combines lectures and cases, and will go through actual situations where companies need to make strategic decisions on raising equity capital. We will address different phases of a comany's life cycle. Through these cases, from the decision-makers perspective, we will explore the different paths that can be taken and consider issues such as investor activism, governance and regulatory and valuation impact. FNCE 883 is a half semester course offered in Q3 of the spring semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"35712", path:"/courses/35712", description:"This course investigates methods of economic analysis for decision making among alternative courses of action in engineering applications. Topics include: cost-driven design economics, break-even anlaysis, money-time relationships, rates of return, cost estimation, depreciation and taxes, foreign exchange rates, life cycle analysis, benefit-cost ratios, risk analysis, capital financing and allocation, and financial statement analysis. Case studies apply these topics to actual engineering problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCREENWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"42518", path:"/courses/42518", description:"This is a workshop-style course for those who have thought they had a terrific idea for a movie but didn't know where to begin. The class will focus on learning the basic tenets of classical dramatic structure and how this (ideally) will serve as the backbone for the screenplay of the aforementioned terrific idea. Each student should, by the end of the semester, have at least thirty pages of a screenplay completed. Classic and not-so-classic screenplays will be required reading for every class, and students will also become acquainted with how the business of selling and producing one's screenplay actually happens. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email briefly describing their interest in the course to the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Indian Philosophy", number:"null", id:"40667", path:"/courses/40667", description:"This course will take the student through the major topics of Indian philosophy by first introducing the fundamental concepts and terms that are necessary for a deeper understanding of themes that pervade the philosophical literature of India -- arguments for and against the existence of God, for example, the ontological status of external objects, the means of valid knowledge, standardsof proof, the discourse on the aims of life. The readings will emphasize classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain philosophical articulations (from 700 B.C.Eto 16th century CE) but we will also supplement our study of these materials with contemporary or relatively recent philosophical writings in modern India.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3-D COMPUTER MODELING AND SCULPTURE", number:"null", id:"37164", path:"/courses/37164", description:"Students will develop a comprehensive knowledge of how virtual worlds are constructed using contemporary computer graphics technique with a fine arts perspective. The course will offer the opportunity to explore the construction, texturing, and rendering of forms, environments, and mechanisms while conforming to modeling specifications required for animation, real-time simulations or gaming environments, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY AMHARIC I", number:"null", id:"40900", path:"/courses/40900", description:"The Elementary Amharic I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on Ethiopia/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Amharic. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY YORUBA II", number:"null", id:"35247", path:"/courses/35247", description:"The main objective of this course is to further sharpen the Yoruba linquistic knowledge that the student acquired in level I. By the end of the course, the student should be able to (1) read, write, and understand simple to moderately complex sentences in Yoruba; and, (2) advance in the knowledge of the Yoruba culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBEDDED SOFTWARE", number:"null", id:"41155", path:"/courses/41155", description:"The goal of this course is to give students greater design and implementation experience in embedded software development and to teach them how to model, design, verify, and validate safety critical systems in a principled manner. Students will learn the principles, methods, and techniques for building life-critical embedded systems, ranging from requirements and models to design, analysis, optimization, implementation, and validation. Topics will include modeling and analysis methods and tools, real-time programming paradigms and languages, distributed real-time systems, global time, time-triggered communications, assurance case, software architecture, evidence-based certification, testing, verification, and validation. The course will include a series of projects that implements life-critical embedded systems (e.g., pacemaker, infusion pumps, closed-loop medical devices).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HIST ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"35985", path:"/courses/35985", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED WHEEL STUDIO", number:"null", id:"38568", path:"/courses/38568", description:"This course teaches students more advanced wheel throwing techniques while helping to develop their critical skills in other areas of ceramic work. Students will learn to throw, employing larger masses of clay, and to increase the complexity of their work by combining and altering thrown parts. There will be an emphasis on experimentation in surface treatment and design, the goal of which is to expand a student's ability to create more complicated and personalized clay works. In addition to learning the technical knowledge, there will be critical discussions of contemporary ceramics issues through image presentations, reading materials and field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWAHILI I", number:"null", id:"40897", path:"/courses/40897", description:"The Elementary Swahili I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on East Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative compentence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Swahili. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELS STUDIES 11 OBJECTS", number:"null", id:"36465", path:"/courses/36465", description:"This advanced course for Religious Studies majors and minors approaches the study of religion through material objects. By looking at both sacred and everyday objects like rosaries melted in atomic blasts, magical amulets used in healing rituals, temple murals defaced by invading armies, manuscript stained by hold water, we will explore the many ways people express their spiritual aspirations and existential fears through objects. Not only will a different object from a variety of religious traditions be examined each week (eleven in total), but we will also explore different methodological and theoretical approaches to the study of religion. Psychological, phenomenological, bio-genetic, sociological, art historical, discursive, post-modern, and narrative approaches will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHITECTURE IN THE ANTHROPOCENE", number:"null", id:"40950", path:"/courses/40950", description:"This course will use architecture and the built environmental as a lens to investigate the emerging field of the environmental humanities. Our goal will be to analyze and understand these new intellectual frameworks in order to consider the relationship between global environmental challenges and the process of constructing the built environment. As such, we will oscillate between social and political theory, environmental history, and architectural history and theory. Issues of importance will include: theories of risk, the role of nature in political conflicts; images, design and environmental communication; and the relationship between speculative design and other narratives of the future. These conceptual frameworks will be read alongside examples of related creative projects in art, literature, and architecture, and will be amplified through presentations and discussions with studio faculty and other visitors to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"39597", path:"/courses/39597", description:"Managerial economics is the application of microeconomic theory to managerial decision-making. Microeconomic theory is a remarkably useful body of ideas for understanding and analyzingt the behavior of individuals and firms in a variety of economic settingsd. The goal of the course is for you to understand this body of theory well enough so that you can effectively analyze managerial (and other) problems in an economic framework. While this is a 'tools' course, we will cover many business applications so taht you can witness the usefulness of thse tools and acquire the skills to use them yourself. We will depart from the usualy microeconomic thoery course by giving more emphasis to prescription: What should a manager do in order to achieve some objective? That course deliverable is to be cmpared with description: Why do firms and consumers act the way they do? The latter will still be quite prominent in this course because only by understanding how customers and competitors behave can a manager determine the best strategy. Turning to coverage, the course begins with development of the theory of supply and demand underlying the competitive model. We then turn to monopoly and oligopoly and investigate the development and use of market power such s through price descrimination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"42882", path:"/courses/42882", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules and prepares students well for GRMN 104 and a minor or major in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV COMMERCIAL CHINESEI: ADV BUSINESS CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"41114", path:"/courses/41114", description:"This content-based course provides students with the conceptual framework to understand issues China has been facing since its economic reform in 1978. Topics include WTO principles, the change of China's state-owned enterprises, China's economy in Mao's period, and the pros and cons of globalization. Students will be trained in reading financial articles, discussing international trades, conducting online research and giving business presentations. After the course, students will become more sophisticated in their understanding of China's economic development and in using Chinese business terminology at professional settings. The course assumes basic background in business and advanced level proficiency in Chinese language. The course is NOT open to freshman with no undergraduate business course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Death and the Afterlife in Ancient Judaism and Christianity", number:"null", id:"40632", path:"/courses/40632", description:"This course surveys the development of concepts about death and the afterlife in Judaism and Christianity, exploring the cultural and socio-historical contexts of the formation of beliefs about heaven and hell, the end of the world, martyrdom, immortality, resurrection, and the problem of evil. Readings cover a broad range of ancient sources, including selections from the Hebrew Bible and New Testament, as well as other Jewish and Christian writings (e.g., 'apocrypha,' 'pseudepigrapha,' Dead Sea Scrolls, classical rabbinc literature, Church Fathers, 'gnostic'and 'magical' materials). In the process, this course introduces students to formative eras and ideas in the history of Judaism, Christianity, and Western culture", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"38477", path:"/courses/38477", description:"This course offers junior English majors the opportunity to design and undertake a semester-long research and writing project in an advanced seminar setting. Discussions will address debates within the field/period/topic of the course, research methods, and advanced writing and critical thinking issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"38572", path:"/courses/38572", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Public Financial Leadership in the New Fiscal Reality", number:"null", id:"44244", path:"/courses/44244", description:"Several factors are intersecting upon U.S. local governments including: muted economic growth, demographics, technological change, ineffective monetary & fiscal policy, and political shenanigans. These are having a profound impact on local government financial health. Many local governments are struggling to structurally balance their budgets, even now several years into one of the longest U.S. post-WWII economic recoveries. Expenditure demand, especially because of rising employee pension and OPEB benefits, is rising faster than expected. Revenues are not rising as quickly as they have historically. This New Fiscal Reality is redefining the concept of municipal distress. Further, the options local governments have to respond to distress may be changing. It might be necessary for local governments to move away from typical solutions like distressed municipality programs and other state level aid. If the current financial trajectory continues, some local governments will not be able to deliver the same service-level they have in the past. New solutions are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"37424", path:"/courses/37424", description:"Negotiation is the art and science of creating good agreements. In this course we will work on both, studying economics and psychology for the science, and practicing actual negotiations for the art. Throughout we think of negotiation in general terms, relevant not only to salary negotiations and home buying, but performance evaluations, speeches, group collaborations and interpersonal relationships. We practice these kinds of negotiations in 2-, 3-, 4-, and 6-person exercises. Potential reasons to skip this particular negotiation course: 1) We have a strong attendance policy, 2) We have strong no-computers/phones policies, 3) the course is very discussion oriented, 4) We survey your work colleagues about your influence tactics, and 5) you have a short assignment due almost every class. Beginning with the second week of class, if you miss one class you lose a letter grade. If you miss two classes you fail. We have this policy because it is an experiential class, and because your attendance directly affects classmates you are paired with. For some weeks you can attend another section if necessary. Cross-listed with MGMT691 and LGST806.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL & VISUAL PERCEPTION: Hallucinations, Illusions, and Knowledge", number:"null", id:"39434", path:"/courses/39434", description:"It seems, at first glance, that vision puts us into direct contact with reality. At the same time, we know that at least some of our visual experiences are illusory or hallucinatory. Such cases are in fact quite widespread in our ordinary lives (as we will see in this course). In these cases, however, vision almost always fails to match reality. Given this, how can we trust vision? Does it give us direct contact to reality, or are our visual experiences instead more like a veil between us and the real world? In this course we will explore different philosophical theories of perception that try to make sense of what vision is in a way that also accounts for illusions and hallucinations. To better understand and evaluate these theories, we will spend some time exploring different kinds of illusions and hallucinations in detail. Towards the end of the course, we will turn to successful cases of vision. In particular we will focus on cases of visual expertise, where experts train their visual systems in ways that better yield knowledge in a particular domain. Some readings for the course will be posted on Canvas, while others will be drawn from the required course reader, Philosophy of Perception: A Contemporary Introduction, by William Fish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG RSCH-PREP/APP/METH", number:"null", id:"39903", path:"/courses/39903", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Structural Biology", number:"null", id:"43853", path:"/courses/43853", description:"This course will explain in non-mathematical terms how essentially all biological properties are determined by the microscopic chemical properties of proteins. It will also explain how research results, especially those of structural biology, are presented to its various audiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BYZANTINE ART & ARCH", number:"null", id:"40962", path:"/courses/40962", description:"This course offers a wide-ranging introduction to the art, architecture, and material culture of Byzantium-a Christian, predominantly Greek-speaking civilization that flourished in the Eastern Mediterranean for over a thousand years. Positioned between the Muslim East and the Latin West, Antiquity and the Early Modern era, Byzantium nurtured a vibrant and highly sophisticated artistic culture. With emphasis placed upon paradigmatic objects and monuments, we will examine an array of artistic media, from mosaic and panel painting to metalwork, ivory carving, book illumination, and embroidery. We will consider the making, consumption, and reception of Byzantine art in a variety of contexts political, devotional, ritual, and domestic. Topics include the idea of empire and its visual articulation; court culture; the veneration of images and relics; patronage, piety, and self-representation; authorship and artistic agency; materiality and the sensory experience of art; the reception of the pagan Greco-Roman past; and the changing nature of Byzantium s interactions with neighboring cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATGIC MKTG SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"40856", path:"/courses/40856", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, Marketing 613 is an intensive immersion course designed to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The central activity will be participation in a realistic integrative product management simulation named SABRE. In SABRE, students will form management teams that oversee all critical aspects of modern product management: the design and marketing of new products, advertising budgeting and design, sales force sizing and allocation, and production planning. As in the real world, teams will compete for profitability, and the success that each team has in achieving this goal will be a major driver of the class assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY & WAR", number:"null", id:"37969", path:"/courses/37969", description:"In this survey we explore the relationships between technical knowledge and war in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. We attend particularly to the centrality of bodily injury in the history of war. Topics include changing interpretations of the machine gun as inhumane or acceptable; the cult of the battleship; banned weaponry; submarines and masculinity; industrialized war and total war; trench warfare andmental breakdown; the atomic bomb and Cold War; chemical warfarein Viet nam; and 'television war' in the 1990s.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISE&FALL OF SPANISH EMP", number:"null", id:"44319", path:"/courses/44319", description:"This course will provide students with a solid knowledge of the history of early modern Spain (1450-1700). Through readings of primary and secondary texts that offer a complex vision of the cultural, religious, intellectual, and economic contexts and processes, students will be able to appreciate the intricacies of Spain's historical evolution. The course focuses on the rise and decline of the Spanish monarchy: the conditions that enabled Spain to become the most powerful monarchy in early modern times, and the conditions that led to its decline. This course also touches upon other important aspects critical to understanding early modern Spain: relationships among Christians, Muslims, and Jews in the Iberian Peninsula; the conquest and colonization of the New World; and early modern debates about Spain's rights to occupy America and the so-called 'destruction of the Indies.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"38580", path:"/courses/38580", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER, LBR FRCE & MKTS", number:"null", id:"37919", path:"/courses/37919", description:"Drawing from sociology, economics and demography, this course examines the causes and effects of gender differences in labor force participation, earnings and occupation in the United States and in the rest of the developed and developing world. Differences by race, ethnicity and sexual preference are also considered. Theories of labor supply, marriage, human captial and discrimination are explored as explanations for the observed trends. Finally, the course reviews current labor market policies and uses the theories of labor supply, marriage, human capital and discrimination to evaluate their effects on women and men.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41015", path:"/courses/41015", description:"This course will introduce you to 'managerial economics' which is the application of microeconomic theory to managerial decision-making. Microeconomic theory is a remarkably useful body of ideas for understanding and analyzing the behavior of individuals and firms in a variety of economic settings. The goal of the course is for you to understand this body of theory well enough so that you can effectively analyze managerial (and other) problems in an economic framework. While this is a 'tools' course, we will cover many real-world applications, particularly business applications, so that you can witness the usefulness of these tools and acquire the skills to use them yourself. We will depart from the usual microeconomic theory course by giving more emphasis to prescription: What should a manager do in order to achieve some objective? That course deliverable is to compared with description: Why do firms and consumers act the way they do? The latter will still be quite prominent in this course because only by understanding how other firms and customers behave can a manager determin what is best for him or her to do.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37823", path:"/courses/37823", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL LIVES OF BOOKS", number:"null", id:"44075", path:"/courses/44075", description:"This course investigates deeply a particular topic in DH (Digital Humanities). Topics may include the digital lives of books, eBooks and audio books, poetry in the digital age, online writing, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36305", path:"/courses/36305", description:"This course provides tools and methods for creating new products. The course is intended for students with a strong career interest in new product development , entrepreneurship, and/or technology development. The course follows an overall product design methodology, including the identification of customer needs, generation of product concepts, prototyping, and design-for-manufacturing. Weekly student assignments are focused on the design of a new product and culminate in the creation of a prototype. The course is open to juniors and seniors in SEAS or Wharton.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WITCHCRAFT & POSSESSION", number:"null", id:"40120", path:"/courses/40120", description:"This course explores world witchcraft and possession from the persecutions of the early seventeenth century through the rise of Wicca in the twentieth century. The mere mention of these terms, or of such close cousins as demonology, sorcery, exorcism, magic, and the witches Sabbath, raises clear ethnographic and historical challenges. How can the analysis of witchcraft-- including beliefs, patterns of accusation, the general social position of victims, the intensity and timing of witch hunts, and its relation to religious practice, law, language, gender, social marginalization, and property--lead us to a more humane understanding of belief and action? Films such as The Exorcist, The Blair Witch Project, The Crucible, and Three Sovereigns for Sarah will focus discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"44212", path:"/courses/44212", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE ARCHITECTURE", number:"null", id:"39807", path:"/courses/39807", description:"Survey of Chinese buildings and building technology from the formative period in the second millennium B.C. through the twentieth century. The course will deal with well-known monuments such as the Buddhist monasteries of Wutai, imperial palaces in Chang'an and Beijing, the Ming tombs and the Temple of Heaven, and less frequently studied buildings. Also covered will be the theory and principles of Chinese construction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF YOUNG AND MIDDLE AGED ADULTS", number:"null", id:"36222", path:"/courses/36222", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of young and middle aged adults who experience functional status impairments as a result of serious illness or injury. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern, including risk factors for illness or injury, strategies to overcome barriers and support personal health resources, alleviate suffering and reduce the impact of illness or injury on the functioning of the person. Content and clinical experiences integrate developmental and role issues; policy, cultural and ethical considerations. Clinical experiences in acute care hospital units and simulation experiences provide opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ANTH: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT &NGOS", number:"null", id:"36639", path:"/courses/36639", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Anthropology, the study of human societies and cultures. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"35534", path:"/courses/35534", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL MEDIA & ORG: SOCIAL MEDIA AND THE ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"35573", path:"/courses/35573", description:"If you don't yet believe in the social media revolution, then watch this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQzsQkMFgHE Facebook. Twitter. Pinterest. Tumblr. Path. Delicious. Digg. Youtube.Linkedin. It's been less than a decade since many of these social media services have launched, yet they've transformed society in many significant ways. Social Media and the Organization will deepen your understanding of and offer real time practical experience with social media. The course will examine the current trends and use of social media in marketing, product development, customer service, networking and other facets of organizational policy and practice. Students will have hands-on participation online with the class blog, http://upennsocialbook.wordpress.com sharing relevant case studies, analyzing social media campaigns and critiquing their own organization's culture and values surrounding social media including social media policy, staff challenges, and evaluation of challenges and opportunities in its use.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"42886", path:"/courses/42886", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significance in contemporary German-speaking countries through literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR DESIGN PROJ II-EE/SSE", number:"null", id:"38528", path:"/courses/38528", description:"This is the second of a two term sequence in electrical and systems engineering senior design. Student work will focus on completing the product prototype design undertaken in ESE 450 and successfully implementing the said product prototype. Success will be verified using experimental and/or simulation methods appropriate to the project that test the degree to which the project objectives are achieved. Each project team will prepare a poster to support a final project presentation and demonstration to peers, faculty and external judges. The course will conclude with the submission of a final project written team report. During the semester there will be periodic project reviews with individual teams.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF RETAILING", number:"null", id:"44552", path:"/courses/44552", description:"This course provides an interdisciplinary overview of the retailing industry. Primary focus will be on the customer facing activities of retailers, including assortment planning, private-label development and the management of in-store operations, and the back-door activities (forecasting and supply chain management) that support customer interaction. In addition, current issues facing retailers, such as customer relationship management, industry consolidation and supplier relations, will be explored. The course will also survey topics in finance, operations, information technology and real estate as they relate to retail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE IDEA OF FREEDOM", number:"null", id:"40600", path:"/courses/40600", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Race Development and American International Relations, Hegel and Marx, and Logic of the West.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Living & the Dead: The Great Patriotic War in Russ Cultural Imagination", number:"null", id:"37873", path:"/courses/37873", description:"This course is dedicated to the 70th anniversary of the Great Patriotic War, 1941-45. Students will explore the cultural myth of the war, created in the 1960-80s. The materials will include literary texts, documentaries, photographs, and films. We will focus on three major themes of this myth: 1. moral strength and courage;2.respect for Russia's military past; and 3. the rise of national consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW I", number:"null", id:"40098", path:"/courses/40098", description:"An introduction to the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew. This course assumes no previous knowledge of Hebrew. A grade of B- or higher is needed to proceed to HEBR 052, Elementary Modern Hebrew II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IRAN CINEMA:GEND/POL/REL", number:"null", id:"39013", path:"/courses/39013", description:"This seminar explores Iranian culture, society, history and politics through the medium of film. We will examine a variety of cinematic works that represent the social, political, economic and cultural circumstances of contemporary Iran, as well as the diaspora. Along the way, we will discuss issues pertaining to gender, religion, nationalism, ethnicity, and the role of cinema in Iranian society and beyond. Discussions topics will also include the place of the Iranian diaspora in cinema, as well as the transnational production, distribution, and consumption of Iranian cinema. Films will include those by internationally acclaimed filmmakers, such as Rakhshan Bani-Etemad, Asghar Farhadi, Bahman Ghobadi, Abbas Kiarostami, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Dariush Mehrjui, Tahmineh Milani, Jafar Panahi, Marjane Satrapi and others. All films will be subtitled in English. No prior knowledge is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"41398", path:"/courses/41398", description:"Through a series of studio projects this course introduces techniques of 2D and 3D computer animation. Emphasis is placed on time-based design and storytelling through animation performance and montage. Students will develop new sensitivities to movement, composition, cinematography, editing, sound, color and lighting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"36323", path:"/courses/36323", description:"The Birth of Philosophy: What is philosophy? How does it differ from science, religion, literature, and other modes of human discourse? This course traces the origins of philosophy as a discipline in the Western tradition in the thinkers of Ancient Greece and Rome. We will examine how 'natural philosophers' such as Thales, Anaximander, and Heraclitus distinguished their inquiries from the teachings of poets such as Homer and Hesiod; how ancient atomism had its origins in a response to Parmenides' challenge to the very assumption that things change in the world; how Socrates reoriented the focus of philosophy away from the natural world and toward the fundamental ethical question, 'how shall I live?'; how his pupil Plato and subsequently Aristotle developed elaborate philosophical systems that address the nature of reality, knowledge, and human happiness. Finally, we will examine the ways in which later thinkers such as Epicureans, Stoics, and the neoPlatonists transformed and extended the earlier tradition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIGRATION & MIDDLE EAST", number:"null", id:"40400", path:"/courses/40400", description:"This reading-and discussion-intensive seminar examines the phenomenon of migration into, out of, within, and across the Middle East and North Africa. We will focus on the period from the late nineteenth century to the present, and will emphasize the cultural (rather than economic) consequences of migration. Along the way we will trace connections between the Middle East and other regions-- notably the Americas, sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, the Caucasus, and Western Europe. Readings are interdisciplinary and include works of history, anthropology, sociology, medical research, literature, political science, geography, and human rights advocacy. As students develop final projects on topics of their choice, we will spend time throughout the semester discussing tactics for research and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN WORLD HISTORY: AFRICA & THE MIDDLE EAST", number:"null", id:"40142", path:"/courses/40142", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE, PRODUCTION, AND CONSUMPTION IN THE GLOBAL MARKETPLACE", number:"null", id:"43709", path:"/courses/43709", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining portion of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel. Research assignments emphasize the use of anthropological participant-observation techniques to investigate the relationships between", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43411", path:"/courses/43411", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ON THOUGHTS OCCASIONED BY", number:"null", id:"41381", path:"/courses/41381", description:"The Essay Film is an important tradition within the various genres that constitute the field of Film and Video Art. Through the element of time it differentiates itself from its literary and photographic antecedents. It borrows selectively from both narrative fiction and documentary - highly subjective and occasionally poetic but without perhaps the burden of truth. The Essay Film is an attmept to dimensionalize our experience of the world and our place in it. It represents an argument, a meditation, a critical engagement with a place, a time or a subject. This is a combination seminar/studio course. Through readings, screenings and discussion students will gain an historical perspective on the genre. The core assignment is for each student to complete a short film (20 minutes max.) in the tradition of the Essay Film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST '45-PRES", number:"null", id:"45122", path:"/courses/45122", description:"Focusing on movies made after 1945, this course allows students to learn and to sharpen methods, terminologies, and tools needed for the critical analysis of film. Beginning with the cinematic revolution signaled by the Italian Neo-Realism (of Rossellini and De Sica), we will follow the evolution of postwar cinema through the French New Wave (of Godard, Resnais, and Varda), American movies of the 1950s and 1960s (including the New Hollywood cinema of Coppola and Scorsese), and the various other new wave movements of the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s (such as the New German Cinema). We will then selectively examine some of the most important films of the last two decades, including those of U.S. independent film movement and movies from Iran, China, and elsewhere in an expanding global cinema culture. There will be precise attention paid to formal and stylistic techniques in editing, mise-en-scene, and sound, as well as to the narrative, non-narrative, and generic organizations of film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENSHIP", number:"null", id:"36018", path:"/courses/36018", description:"Legal Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical, hands-on course examining critical legal issues that confront start-up and mature companies with a focus on entrepreneurship. Students will emerge prepared to use law as a positive force for growth and success of their business plans, as well as to manage and mitigate legal risk via company policies, contracts, insurance or ADR. They will also learn when it is strategic and cost-effective to turn to legal counsel. Case studies incorporate current issues, and real life client/courtroom experience. Topics cover intellectual property; non-competition, non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements; choice of entity and tax; venture capital and private equity; mergers and acquisitions; bankruptcy; securities; discrimination; and independent contractors. This course will prove useful for any business career in providing an overview of business law and social policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"39219", path:"/courses/39219", description:"What exactly should be considered a fundamental 'human right'? What is the basis for something is a fundamental human right? This course will examine not only broad conceptual debates, but will also focus on specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge in international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ROMANTICISM: THE GOTHIC", number:"null", id:"42715", path:"/courses/42715", description:"This class explores the cultural context in which the so-called Romantic Movement prospered, paying special attention to the relationship between the most notorious popular genres of the period (gothic fiction and drama) and the poetic production of both canonical and emerging poets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"42023", path:"/courses/42023", description:"This lecture course introduces students to the politics of the Peoples Republic of China. Complementing offerings in other departments, this course emphasizes events in the period since the Chinese Communist Party established its regime in 1949. In addition to surveying the political history of contemporary China, we will assess the meaning of these events by drawing upon theories about the nature and significance of ideology and organization in communist regimes, factionalism and its relationship to policy formulation and implementation, and general issues of political and economic development. Although the principal focus is on the domestic politics of the PRC, the course includes several lectures examining Chinas international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERARY GENRES: CHICK LIT", number:"null", id:"42675", path:"/courses/42675", description:"An introduction to literary study through a genre, either the short story or poetry. Versions of this course will vary widely in the selection of texts assigned. Some versions will begin with traditional stories or poems, including a sampling of works in translation. Others will focus exclusively on modern and contemporary American short fiction or poetry. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"44700", path:"/courses/44700", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of the childbearing women and their families in primary care settings. The course presents the opportunity to implement the role of the Nurse Practitioner with the childbearing woman and her family. The focus is on comprehensive physical, psychosocial and educational management of women and their families during pregnancy and postpartum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAMATURGY", number:"null", id:"40763", path:"/courses/40763", description:"This course will examine the functions and methods of the dramaturg--the person in the theatrical process who advises the artistic collaborators on (among other things) new play development, the structure of the script, the playwright's biography and other writings, the play's first production and its subsequent production history, and the historical and regional details of the period depicted in the plays action. We will study the history of the dramaturg in the American theatre and discuss contemporary issues relating to the dramaturg's contribution to the theatrical production (including the legal debates about the dramaturg's contribution to the creation of RENT). And, in creative teams, the class will create dramaturgical portfolios for a season of imaginary (and, potentially, a few actual) theatrical productions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"42649", path:"/courses/42649", description:"Students prepare an honors thesis in economics over the academic year, supervised by a faculty member of their choice. In both semesters students present their work in progress to the class. Any student intending to do empirical work in the thesis should have completed ECON 103 and ECON 104.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICE OF HEALTHCARE QUALITY IMPROVEMENT", number:"null", id:"41873", path:"/courses/41873", description:"Healthcare delivery is complex and constantly changing. A primary mission of leading healthcare organizations is to advance the quality of patient care by striving to deliver care that is safe, effective, efficient, timely, cost-effective, and patient-centered (Institute of Medicine). The goal of this interprofessional course is to provide students with a broad overview of the principles and tools of quality improvement and patient safety in healthcare as well address the knowledge, skills and attitudes as defined by the Quality and Safety Education for Nurses (QSEN) guidelines. It will provide a foundation for students or practicing clinicians who are interested in quality improvement and patient safety research, administration, or clinical applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG DECSN MAKING", number:"null", id:"41937", path:"/courses/41937", description:"The course is built around lectures reviewing multiple empirical studies, class discussion,and a few cases. Depending on the instructor, grading is determined by some combination of short written assignments, tests, class participation and a final project (see each instructor's syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWEDISH II", number:"null", id:"36499", path:"/courses/36499", description:"Part two of the intermediate level Swedish course. Through in- and our-of-class interactions, you will continue to engage with your peers and native or fluent Swedish speakers. We will look at Swedish products, practices and perspectives, and we will discuss how Swedish culture and society ar adapting to a rapidly changing world. We will complement the course literature with relevant authentic sources, such as online media, films, newspapers, etc. With a small class size, we have the flexibility to adapt the content to individual interests, and you will have plenty of opportunity to contribute to the total learning experience while elevating your Swedish vocabulary, grammar and communication skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM PHYS OF MATLS", number:"null", id:"38980", path:"/courses/38980", description:"The course is directed at the development of a background in basic physics required to understand the behavior of electrons in atoms, molecules and solids. Examples to illustrate the application of these techniques will be centered in the free and nearly free electron theory of solids. The application of modern physics to many state-of-the-art materials analysis techniques will be demonstrated throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41428", path:"/courses/41428", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide the framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHNOGRAPHIC APPROACHES TO URBAN ATHLETICS & HUMAN MOVEMENT", number:"null", id:"36732", path:"/courses/36732", description:"Rooted in the rubric of public interest social science, the course focuses on bridging theory and practice motivated by a commitment to social justice through original ethnographic research. In particular, this course will focus on kinesiology and the anthropology of sports and well-being through intense analysis of the Young Quakers Community Athletics (YQCA) program, a collaboration between the Netter Center for Community Partnerships and Penn Athletics. In guest lecturers from multiple disciplines will help to round out the course. The core learning objective is to bring a broad range of specialized expertise to foster a holistic examination of a complex institutional partnership intended to promote positive social transformation and improved human health and well-being.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE, NATION, EMPIRE", number:"null", id:"43718", path:"/courses/43718", description:"This graduate seminar examines the dynamic relationships among empires, nations and states; colonial and post-colonial policies; and anti-colonial strategies within a changing global context. Using the rubrics of anthropology, history, cultural studies, and social theory, we will explore the intimacies of subject formation within imperial contexts- past and present- especially in relation to ideas about race and belonging. We will focus on how belonging and participation have been defined in particular locales, as well as how these notions have been socialized through a variety of institutional contexts. Finally, we will consider the relationships between popular culture and state formation, examining these as dialectical struggles for hegemony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED HUMAN NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"44651", path:"/courses/44651", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"36107", path:"/courses/36107", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATICS & STRENTH OF MAT", number:"null", id:"41701", path:"/courses/41701", description:"This course is primarily intended for students in mechanical engineering, but may also be of interest to students in materials science and other fields. It continues the treatment of statics of rigid bodies begun in MEAM 110/PHYS 150 and progresses to the treatment of deformable bodies and their response to loads. The concepts of stress, strain, and linearly elastic response are introduced and applied to the behavior of rods, shafts, beams and other mechanical components. The failure and design of mechanical components are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULTERY NOVEL", number:"null", id:"35540", path:"/courses/35540", description:"The object of this course is to analyze narratives of adultery from Shakespeare to the present and to develop a vocabulary for thinking critically about the literary conventions and social values that inform them. Many of the themes (of desire, transgression, suspicion, discovery) at the heart of these stories also lie at the core of many modern narratives. Is there anything special, we will ask, about the case of adultery--once called 'a crime which contains within itself all others'? What might these stories teach us about the way we read in general? By supplementing classic literary accounts by Shakespeare, Pushkin, Flaubert, Chekhov, and Proust with films and with critical analyses, we will analyze the possibilities and limitations of the different genres and forms under discussion, including novels, films, short stories, and theatre. What can these forms show us (or not show us)about desire, gender, family and social obligation? Through supplementary readings and class discussions, we will apply a range of critical approaches to place these narratives of adultery in a social and literary context, including formal analyses of narrative and style, feminist criticism, Marxist and sociological analyses of the family, and psychoanalytic understandings of desire and family life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV INTERMED ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"38122", path:"/courses/38122", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 035/635.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A THEME: TALES OF STUDY ABROAD", number:"null", id:"35637", path:"/courses/35637", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through the works of a compelling literary theme. (For offerings in a given semester, please see the online course descriptions on the English Department website). The theme's function within specific historical contexts, within literary history generally, and within contemporary culture, are likely to be emphasized. Some versions of this course will also serve as an introduction to other members of the English faculty, who will visit the class as guest lecturers. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM TURKISH II", number:"null", id:"39402", path:"/courses/39402", description:"This course is a continuation of TURK 021 and is designed to strengthen and extend students' listening, speaking, reading and writing competence and to deepen an understanding of Turkish people in Turkey. By the end of this course, students will be able to handle a variety of day to day needs in Turkish-speaking settings and engage in simple conversations. Students can expect to be able to order food and drinks, purchase things, and to be able to be familiar with current social topics. Students will be able to talk about all tenses, present, future, past, past continuous, make comparisons, describe people and things in detail, make travel plans, make reservations in hotels and holiday resorts, write complaint letters. By the end of the course, students will be able to talk about their studies and their plans for the future. Also, students will develop reading strategies that should allow them to understand the general meaning of articles, and short literary texts. Students will learn practical life in Turkey and will explore Turkish culture on the internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"35687", path:"/courses/35687", description:"This course will provide an introduction to computation and data analysis using MATLAB - an industry standard programming and visualization environment. The course will cover the fundamentals of computing including: variables, functions, decisions, iteration, and recursion. These concepts will be illustrated through examples and assignments which show how computing is applied to various scienti?c and engineering problems. Examples will be drawn from the simulation of physical and chemical systems, the analysis of experimental data, Monte Carlo numerical experiments, image processing, and the creation of graphical user interfaces. This course does not assume any prior programming experience but will make use of basic concepts from calculus and Newtonian physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS TAOISM?", number:"null", id:"43981", path:"/courses/43981", description:"Our main goal in this course will be to answer the question, what is Daoism? Students will be introduced to a wide variety of ideas and practices that have at one time or another been labeled as Daoist, in order to sort out the diffe rent senses of the term, and consider whether they have any common features. The course will begin with the Laozi, the most translated work in world literature beside the Bible and the one text affirmed by virtually all Daoist traditio ns as foundational. We will also survey several other bio-spiritual practices, such as the meditational techniques of Internal Alchemy and the self-cultivation regimens known today as Qigong and Tai-chi, and familiarize ourselves with theological and ritual foundations of the organized religious tradition known as Daoism, which is still widely practiced across East Asia. No knowledge of Chi nese is presumed. All readings will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BYZANTINE ART & ARCH", number:"null", id:"42358", path:"/courses/42358", description:"This course offers a wide-ranging introduction to the art, architecture, and material culture of Byzantium-a Christian, predominantly Greek-speaking civilization that flourished in the Eastern Mediterranean for over a thousand years. Positioned between the Muslim East and the Latin West, Antiquity and the Early Modern era, Byzantium nurtured a vibrant and highly sophisticated artistic culture. With emphasis placed upon paradigmatic objects and monuments, we will examine an array of artistic media, from mosaic and panel painting to metalwork, ivory carving, book illumination, and embroidery. We will consider the making, consumption, and reception of Byzantine art in a variety of contexts political, devotional, ritual, and domestic. Topics include the idea of empire and its visual articulation; court culture; the veneration of images and relics; patronage, piety, and self-representation; authorship and artistic agency; materiality and the sensory experience of art; the reception of the pagan Greco-Roman past; and the changing nature of Byzantium s interactions with neighboring cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE CAUSES OF WAR&PEACE", number:"null", id:"37805", path:"/courses/37805", description:"The existence and endurance of war provides one of the most important puzzles of politics: why is it that people keep making use of such a destructive and painful way of resolving their disputes? This course addresses this question and the related question of what factors contribute to peace, focusing on both academic and popular explanations for conflict, including among others anarchy, over-optimism, shifting power, diversionary war, the malevolent influence of war profiteers, and a variety of explanations grounded in culture, religion and other ideational variables. In this discussion, we will focus on both interstate and civil wars, and on both the onset and the eventual termination of war. At various points in the course we will discuss a wide range of historical and contemporary cases, including the World Wars, Vietnam, the Gulf War, the Iraq War, the various Arab-Israeli wars, the India-Pakistan rivalry, and a number of recent civil conflicts such as the wars in Yugoslavia, Congo, and Sudan. The course concludes with a discussion of strategies for managing ongoing conflicts and for securing peace in post war settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DYNAMIC SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39924", path:"/courses/39924", description:"This first course in systems modelling covers linear and nonlinear systems in both continuous and discrete time. Topics covered include linearization and stability analysis, elementary bifurcations, and an introduction to chaotic dynamics. Extensive applications to mechanical, electrical, biological, social, and economic/financial systems are included. The course will use both analytical andnumerical/symbolic tools.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERE WILL BE BLOOD: REPRESENTATION OF THE CONQUISTADOR IN LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"42164", path:"/courses/42164", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"44019", path:"/courses/44019", description:"This course will use basic microeconomic tools to understand how the law often, but not always, promotes economic efficiency. Among the areas to be discussed will be tort law, property law, intellectual property, antitrust regulation. The distinction between common law and legislative law will be drawn.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAG II", number:"null", id:"36356", path:"/courses/36356", description:"A continuation of PHYS 361. Magnetic fields and potentials, electromagnetic induction, Maxwell's equations, electromagnetic waves, and radiation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"36635", path:"/courses/36635", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"45016", path:"/courses/45016", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF AMERICAN LAW", number:"null", id:"42942", path:"/courses/42942", description:"This course covers the development of legal rules and principles concerning individual and group conduct in the United States since 1877. Such subjects as regulation and deregulation, legal education and the legal profession, and the legal status of women and minorities will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOR MATLS SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"40367", path:"/courses/40367", description:"Covers mathematics encountered in various problems encountered in materials science: Complex analysis and Fourier and Laplace transforms (used in diffraction and when solving differential equations). Linear transformations and tensors (continuum analyses of elastic, electric, etc. properties of crystals). Sturm-Liouville theory of linear differential operators (mathematics of quantum mechanics). Partial differential equations (wave, Laplace and diffusion equation).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"41579", path:"/courses/41579", description:"This course surveys the history of medical knowledge and practice from antiquity to the present. No prior background in the history of science or medicine is required. The course has two principal goals: (1)to give students a practical introduction to the fundamental questions and methods of the history of medicine, and (2)to foster a nuanced, critical understanding of medicine's complex role in contemporary society. The couse takes a broadly chronological approach, blending the perspectives of the patient,the physician,and society as a whole--recognizing that medicine has always aspired to 'treat' healthy people as well as the sick and infirm. Rather than history 'from the top down'or 'from the bottom up,'this course sets its sights on history from the inside out. This means, first, that medical knowledge and practice is understood through the personal experiences of patients and caregivers. It also means that lectures and discussions will take the long-discredited knowledge and treatments of the past seriously,on their own terms, rather than judging them by todays's standards. Required readings consist largely of primary sources, from elite medical texts to patient diaries. Short research assignments will encourge students to adopt the perspectives of a range of actors in various historical eras.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"44424", path:"/courses/44424", description:"This course examines the art and science of negotiation. This course develops managerial skills by combining lectures with practice, using exercises where students negotiate with each other. Over the course of the semester, students will engage in a number of simulated negotiations ranging from simple one issue transactions to multi-party joint ventures. Through these exercises and associated readings, students explore the basic theoretical models of bargaining and have an opportunity to test and improve their negotiation skills. Cross-listed with LGST 806/OPIM 691.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF ETHICAL THEORY: METAETHICS", number:"null", id:"36338", path:"/courses/36338", description:"Murder is wrong. Slavery is unjust. Everyone has reason not to torture their neighbor. Having inconsistent preferences is irrational. On these matters most agree. But what do we mean when we say these things? What state of mind are we in when we think these things? What, is anything, do these claims refer to in the world? Is it the same kind of things that we investigate when we do science? Do we know these things? If so, how? Are these claims even true? If they are ever true, are they true for everyone? These are some of the core questions of metaethics. This course is an investigation of the main questions and problems in metaethics since the turn of the 20th century. We will investigate questions about the metaphysics of morality, the philosophy of language of moral talk, the philosophy of mind of moral thought, the epistemology of morality, and the objectivity of morality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL MOVEMENTS & POLITICAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"42141", path:"/courses/42141", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BUSINESS OF A MISSION-DRIVEN ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"40780", path:"/courses/40780", description:"This course will cover the basic elements of building and growing a non-profit organization, including the development of the mission and the board; needs assessment, program design, development, and management; financial management, contract compliance and understanding an audit; fundraising, public, foundation, corporate, and individual; communication and marketing; organizational administration (including staff and volunteer selection, management and development); public policy, research and advocacy. Students will engage in field assignments and role play, in addition to research and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDA OF PUBLIC HEALTH: Foundations of Public Health", number:"null", id:"44348", path:"/courses/44348", description:"Many factors have shaped, and continue to shape, population health and public health policy. This course will explore the concept, mission, and core functions of public health. Students will have a chance to learn about its key methodological (epidemiology, biostatistics) and content (environmental health, social and behavioral sciences, health policy) areas. In addition, we will focus on topics of particular relevance to the current health of the public; topics likely will include the basics of life (food, water, and shelter) and topics of current interest (e.g., motor vehicle crashes, mental health, violence).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTATIONAL MATLS SCI", number:"null", id:"41781", path:"/courses/41781", description:"This course provides an introduction to modeling and simulation in materials science, covering continuum methods (e.g. finite element methods) and atomistic and molecular simulation (e.g. molecular dynamics). These tools play an increasingly important role in modern engineering. You will get hands-on training in both the fundamentals and applications of these methods to key engineering problems. The lectures will provide an exposure to areas of application, based on the scientific exploitation of the power of computation. We will use software packages (Comsol and LAMMPS) and thus extensive programming skills are not required. Matlab background needed for the course will be covered in a self-contained module.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS II", number:"null", id:"41909", path:"/courses/41909", description:"This online didactic course, designed for the practicing nurse practitioners or clinical nurse specialists seeking to gain knowledge and skills relative to care of adult gerontology acute care patients, focuses on the medical and surgical issues of the neurological, renal, gastrointestinal, hematological, oncologic and orthopedic systems. This course examines the epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based, interprofessional team approach to the nursing and medical management of patients is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO HISPANIC LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"43525", path:"/courses/43525", description:"This course is an introduction to Hispanic linguistics, with special emphasis on the Spanish sound system (phonetics and phonology) and Spanish word-formation (morphology). Topics to be covered include articulatory phonetics, use of the phonetic alphabet, English and Spanish contrastive phonology, regional and social variations of Spanish pronunciation, word formation (derivation and composition), and the structure of the Spanish verb (inflection). Evaluation will be based on participation and homework, periodic quizzes, mid-term exam, and a final examination during finals week. Students will be required to write a linguistic autobiography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPIGENETICS", number:"null", id:"39639", path:"/courses/39639", description:"This course investigates epigenetic phenomena: heritable alternate states of gene activity that do not result from an alteration in nucleotide composition (mutations). Epigenetic mechanisms regulate genome accessibility and cell differentiation. They play a key role in normal development and in oncogenesis. For example both mammalian X-chromosome inactivation and nuclear transfer (cloning) are subject to epigenetic regulation. Amongst the epigenetic mechanisms we will discuss in this course are chromatin organization, histone modification, DNA methylation and non-coding RNAs. The course is geared toward advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate students and is a combination of lectures, student presentations and research presentations by guest speakers. Students will work with the current scientific literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LAW & LEG PROC", number:"null", id:"40206", path:"/courses/40206", description:"This course presents law as an evolving social institution, with special emphasis on the legal regulation of business. It considers basic concepts of law and legal process, in the U.S. and other legal systems, and introduces the fundamentals of rigorous legal analysis. An in-depth examination of contract law is included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS IV", number:"null", id:"37466", path:"/courses/37466", description:"Partial differential equations and their solutions, including solutions of the wave, heat and Laplace equations, and Sturm-Liouville problems. Introduction to Fourier series and Fourier transforms. Computation of solutions, modeling using PDE's, geometric intuition, and qualitative understanding of the evolution of systems according to the type of partial differential operator.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CHINESE IV", number:"null", id:"43877", path:"/courses/43877", description:"Along with CHIN011, CHIN012 and CHIN111, this is the fourth course in a four-semester sequence. The objective of the course is to continue building a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading and writing. By the end of this course, students should achieve the following goals: 1) pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin accurately and comfortably with a good command of the four tones; 2) carry out simple dialogues of familiar topics; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read short textbook stories and write simple notes In order to develop students' listening and speaking ability, oral communication tasks are given every other week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC MAKERS: HAYDN AND MOZART", number:"null", id:"37590", path:"/courses/37590", description:"Courses under this number will treat composer performers and performance. Courses will include a class on Haydn and Mozart (formerly 027;); Beethoven (Formerly 028; and Mahler (formerly 025).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN COMP SCI&ENG", number:"null", id:"35693", path:"/courses/35693", description:"This course is focused on techniques for numerical solutions of ordinary and partial differential equations. The content will include: algorithms and their analysis for ODEs; finite element analysis for elliptic, parabolic and hyperbolic PDEs; approximation theory and error estimates for FEM.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO HUMAN EVOLUTION: LECTURE", number:"null", id:"36710", path:"/courses/36710", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSLATING CULTURES: TRANSLATING CULTURES: LITERATURE ON AND IN TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"42890", path:"/courses/42890", description:"'Languages are not strangers to one another,' writes the great critic and translator Walter Benjamin. Yet two people who speak different languages have a difficult time talking to one another, unless they both know a third, common language or can find someone who knows both their languages to translate what they want to say. Without translation, most of us would not be able to read the Bible or Homer, the foundations of Western culture. Americans wouldn't know much about the cultures of Europe, China, Africa, South America, and the Middle East. And people who live in or come from these places would not know much about American culture. Without translation, Americans would not know much about the diversity of cultures within America. The very fabric of our world depend upon translation between people, between cultures, between texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH OF MED IMAG&MEASURE", number:"null", id:"38898", path:"/courses/38898", description:"In the last 25 years there has been a revolution in image reconstruction techniques in fields from astrophysics to electron microscopy and most notably in medical imaging. In each of these fields one would like to have a precise picture of a 2 or 3 dimensional object which cannot be obtained directly.The data which is accesible is typically some collection of averages. The problem of image reconstruction is to build an object out of the averaged data and then estimate how close the reconstruction is to the actual object. In this course we introduce the mathematical techniques used to model measurements and reconstruct images. As a simple representative case we study transmission X-ray tomography (CT).In this context we cover the basic principles of mathematical analysis, the Fourier transform, interpolation and approximation of functions, sampling theory, digital filtering and noise analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: CAPITALIST SUPERHEROES", number:"null", id:"36646", path:"/courses/36646", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPROACHES TO GENRE: POETRY OUT LOUD", number:"null", id:"39769", path:"/courses/39769", description:"This is a topics course. This seminar engages questions of literary genre, including its function as a mediating presence for thinking about audience, literary history, and the marketplace. The theme of the seminar will chnage with the instructor. Customarily this course will be affiliated with Communication within the Curriculum (CWIC), and so will have a speaking and presentation component to it. The topic for Fall 2016 will be POETRY OUT LOUD.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL HEALTH & AGING", number:"null", id:"39070", path:"/courses/39070", description:"An examination of the psycho-socio-cultural processes which influence the behavior patterns, coping, and adaptation of older adults. The course emphasizes strategies to promote mental health as well as assessment, presentation, and intervention in the major acute and chronic psychiatric disorders affecting the older adult.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT 2", number:"null", id:"44947", path:"/courses/44947", description:"Spanish 145, the continuation of Spanish 135, is an intermediate-level integrated skills language course. It emphasizes the development of reading, writing, listening, and speaking abilities. Students will be expected to participate actively in classroom activities such as communicative activities, role-playing based on typical doctor/patient interactions as well as other medical situations. Students will also review and learn other essential tools of communication applicable both inside and outside the medical field. Students who have already taken Spanish 140 will not receive credit for Spanish 145. Although these courses have different numbers, they are at the same level. Students who have already fulfilled the language requirement (AP, SAT II, etc.) or have taken courses at the 200- and 300-level may not take basic level language courses (100-level courses) in the same language. They will not receive credit for this course (Spanish 145).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"44456", path:"/courses/44456", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying arithmetic, algebra, linear algebra, groups, rings and fields. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SCREENWRITING", number:"null", id:"36904", path:"/courses/36904", description:"This is a workshop style course for students who have completed a screenwriting class, or have a draft of a screenplay they wish to improve or want to learn everything in one shot and are ready to do a lot of writing, and even more rewriting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EMERGING ECONS: Tokyo, Japan", number:"null", id:"40875", path:"/courses/40875", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YORUBA I", number:"null", id:"40903", path:"/courses/40903", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF WOMEN AND INFANTS", number:"null", id:"36219", path:"/courses/36219", description:"This course emphasizes the child-bearing cycle, and the related issues of maternal and infant mortality and morbidity. It also explores women and infant's health care and health promotion needs across the lifespan. It provides a global perspective, and uses the United Nations' Pillars of Safe Motherhood and World Health Organization's Millennium Development Goals as the vehicles to enable students to understand the interrelationships among issues of health and health promotion; social, economic, political and environmental contexts; and the care of women across the lifespan. Clinical experiences provide opportunities for students to understand the connections between the local and the global; to use their developing knowledge base to affect the health of women and their infants. Students will have opportunities for hospital-based care of child-bearing women and their infants. In addition, community-based experiences with individual women and with groups of women across the life cycle will be provided in order to enhance teaching, interviewing and assessment skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"39539", path:"/courses/39539", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED JAPANESE III", number:"null", id:"37393", path:"/courses/37393", description:"This course is a continuation of Japanese language at the upper intermediate level, and authentic reading/listening materials are introduced besides the textbooks. Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (L.1 - L.7 , Basic Kanji Book II (L.37 - L.45), Kanji: reproduction-approx500/recognitio-approx.550", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Russia and Eastern Europe in International Affairs", number:"null", id:"37860", path:"/courses/37860", description:"Russia and the European Union (EU) are engaged in a battle for influence in Eastern Europe. EU foreign policy towards its Eastern neighbors is based on economic integration and the carrot of membership. With the application of this powerful incentive, Central and Southeastern European countries such as Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Croatia have progressed rapidly towards integration with the EU (and NATO). Yet, given Russia's opposition to the further enlargement, membership is off the table for the large semi-Western powers such as Russia itself and Turkey and the smaller countries inhabiting an emerging buffer zone between Russia and the EU, such as Georgia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova, and Belarus. These in-between countries find themselves subject to intense competition for influence between Eastern and Western powers. In this context, EU countries must balance their energy dependence on Russia and need for new markets and geopolitical stability with concern for human rights, democratic governance, and self-determination. What are the trade-offs implicit in the foreign policies of Russia, EU member states, and Eastern Europe? What are the best policy approaches? What are the main opportunities and obstacles?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAROQUE OPERA", number:"null", id:"36187", path:"/courses/36187", description:"Classes under this number offer a more in-depth look at historical eras and topics or repertories associated with a specific period of music history. Classes will either focus on one historical epoch (Medieval, Renaisssance, Baroque). The purpose of this course is to give students the opportunity to engage deeply with musical objects, both historically and analytically, as well as to expose them to a range of methodologies with which to study music. (Formerly Music 120, 121,122).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET & WEB SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39740", path:"/courses/39740", description:"This course focuses on the challenges encountered in building Internet and web systems: scalability, interoperability (of data and code), security and fault tolerance, consistency models, and location of resources, services, and data. We will examine how XML standards enable information exchange; how web services support cross-platform interoperability (and what their limitations are); how to build high-performance application servers; how 'cloud computing' services work; how to perform Akamai-like content distribution; and how to provide transaction support in distributed environments. We will study techniques for locating machines, resources, and data (including directory systems, information retrieval indexing, ranking, and web search); and we will investigate how different architectures support scalability (and the issues they face). We will also examine ideas that have been proposed for tomorrow's Web, and we will see some of the challenges, research directions, and potential pitfalls. An important goal of the course is not simply to discuss issues and solutions, but to provide hands-on experience with a substantial implementation project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICS FOR RESEARCH AND MEASUREMENT", number:"null", id:"40418", path:"/courses/40418", description:"This course examines statistical methods used by scientists in the analysis of research data. The fundamental theorem for this course is the 'square root law' (central limit theorem). Students become literate in statistical terminology and symbols and knowledgeable of assumptions for statistical tests. Fundamental statistics include basic theorems and principles, sample, population and data distributions, measures of central tendency, correlational techniques, and commonly used parametric and nonparametric statistical tests. Parameters for inferential and descriptive statistics are examined as the basis for explaining the results from research studies. Students apply chance models in estimating confidence intervals of percentages and means, and in hypothesis testing. This content is taught in the context of nursing research and measurement of nursing phenomena. Examination of research publications enable students to apply their knowledge to reading and understanding data analyses used in studies. Students evaluate tables and graphs as ways to summarize research findings. Course content prepares students to examine statistical and clinical significance of research findings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DECISION SYS: Advanced Decision Systems: Agents, Games, and Evolution", number:"null", id:"43301", path:"/courses/43301", description:"This course is taught with the more descriptive title of 'Agents, Games, and Evolution.' It explores applications and fundamentals of strategic behavior. Strategic, or game-theoretic, topics arise throughout the social sciences. The topics include--and we discuss--trust, cooperation, market-related phenomena (including price equilibria and distribution of wealth), norms, conventions, commitment, coalition formation, and negotiation. They also include such applied matters as design of logistics systems, auctions, and markets generally (for example, markets for electric power generation). In addressing these topics we focus on the practical problem of finding effective strategies for agents in strategic situations (or games). Our method of exploration will be experimental: we review and discuss experiments, principally computational experiments, on the behavior of boundedly rational agents in strategic (or game-theoretic) situations. Course work includes readings, discussions in class (organized as a seminar), examinations, and a course project on a topic chosen by the participants.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHNIC CONFLICT", number:"null", id:"44818", path:"/courses/44818", description:"This course explains ethnic conflict, focusing on its violent forms, especially civil wars. There have been more than 160 civil wars and many more episodes of lower-intensity armed conflict since 1945. Most of these conflicts have been fought along ethnic lines. Are these conflicts due to prejudice and hatred? Or are the causes mainly economic/resource-driven? Why do some conflicts turn violent and others stay non-violent? What interventions work to end ethnic wars? We address these questions with the help of cutting-edge scholarly literature and apply our insights to understand contemporary civil wars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL PROCESS CONTROL", number:"null", id:"42466", path:"/courses/42466", description:"Dynamics and control of linear single-input, single output (SISO) systems in chemical processes. Laplace transforms. Dynamic responses of linear systems to various inputs. Frequency domain analysis. Feedback control strategies. Stability. Controller tuning. Advanced control, including cascade and feed forward control. Introduction to multiple-input, multiple-output (MIMO) control. Inverse response.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BENJAMIN FRANKLIN SEMINAR: OPEN BOOK", number:"null", id:"39963", path:"/courses/39963", description:"'Open Book' will focus on visual communication of information. It will address two methods of inquiry and the corresponding means of visual representation: the objective, well structured research of facts and images, and the creative process of their subjective evaluation and restatement. Students will propose a topic based on their area of interest and engage in a focused, semester-long exploration, which they will present in the form of a designed and printed book.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEENS AND SCREENS: TEENS AND SCREENS: UNDERSTANDING YOUTH MEDIA AND BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"43954", path:"/courses/43954", description:"Why do screen media and digital technologies captivate youth? In this course we address this question by examining the role media play in adolescent development and behavior. We begin by considering adolescence as a unique period of psychological and social development and discussing emerging adults as a special population. Next, we will explore how adolescents use and interact with media and how their media preferences are related to their developmental needs, with particular attention to social media use and media content targeted to, and popular with, adolescent audiences. Finally, we will investigate how media influence adolescent self-identity and behavior by reviewing media effects in areas of sex, violence, gender norms, and friendship quality. The strength of the evidence for media effects and its behavioral and policy implications will be presented and debated within each area of study. Relevant theoretical perspectives will inform these discussions. Throughout the semester students will critically reflect upon current empirical research while also spotlighting different media-TV shows, social media apps (e.g., Yik Yak) and social movements (e.g., #iammorethanadistraction).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED STUDY PROJECT: Opportunities and Challenges in Africa: Healthcare and Business in Ethiopia", number:"null", id:"38711", path:"/courses/38711", description:"HCMG 890-001: This course examines issues related to the Services Sector of thehealth care industry. For those interested in management, investing, or bankingto the health care industry, the services sector will likely be the largest and most dynamic sector within all of health care. We will study key management issues related to a number of different health care services businesses with a focus on common challenges related to reimbursement, regulatory, margin, growth, and competitive issues. We will look at a number of different businesses and subsectors that may have been unfamiliar to students prior to taking the course. We will make extensive use of outside speakers, many of whom will be true industry leaders within different sectors of the health care services industry. Speakers will address the current management issues they face in running their businesses as well as discuss the career decisions and leadership styles that enables them to reach the top of their profession. Students will be asked to develop a plan to both buyout and manage a specific health care services business of their choosing and will present their final plans to a panel of leading Health Care Private Equity investors who will evaluate their analysis. Prerequisites: HCMG 841", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO&NANO-SCALE MATLS", number:"null", id:"44566", path:"/courses/44566", description:"Basic principles of chemical thermodynamics as applied to macro and nano-sized materials. This course will cover the fundamentals of classical thermodynamics as applied to the calculation and prediction of phase stability, chemical reactivity and synthesis of materials systems. The size-dependent properties of nano-sized systems will be explored through the incorporation of the thermodynamic properties of surfaces. The prediction of the phase stability of two and three component systems will be illustrated through the calculation and interpretation of phase diagrams for metallic, semiconductor, inorganic, polymeric and surfactant systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUGUSTAN CULTRL REVOL", number:"null", id:"42563", path:"/courses/42563", description:"The career of the man who was born Gaius Octavius and who died as the Emperor Augustus spanned the death of the Roman Republic, a protracted period of shared dictatorship and intermittent civil war. It ended with the concentration of power in the hands of one man and the foundation of a long-lasting hereditary monarchy. Over the course of this career, Octavius/Augustus transformed himself several times and oversaw the metamorphosis of the Roman state. Increasingly, historians have come to focus not only on the military, political, legal, and administrative reforms that made this transformation possible, but on the revolutionary cultural changes that supported measures and made the new order acceptable to Romans at different levels of society. This course considers these factors along with the idea of cultural revolution as a model of historical and archaeological analysis, particularly as concerns the role of the 'great man' in bringing about such a revolution'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED LATIN: PROSE", number:"null", id:"41636", path:"/courses/41636", description:"Prerequisite(s): LATN 102 or equivalent (such as placement score of 550). Introduction to continuous reading of unadapted works by Latin authors in prose(e.g., Cornelius Nepos, Cicero, Pliny), in combination with a thorough review of Latin grammar. By the end of the course students will have thorough familiarity with the grammar, vocabulary, and style of the selected authors, will be able to tackle previously unseen passages by them, and will be able to discuss questions of language and interpretation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICS OF SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"38114", path:"/courses/38114", description:"Drawing upon theories of sexuality and transnational feminist scholarship, this interdisciplinary course explores the implication of sexuality in the management of bodies and populations within transnational political realms at different historical junctures. Using social science and humanities approaches to sexuality, we tackle questions that include the following: How is sexuality integral to racialization, class formation, citizenship, criminalization, and normalization? How do life optimization discourses produce and deploy sexuality? Why is sexuality imperative to understanding nationalism, colonialism, militarism, security, and neoliberalism? How is sexuality constitutive of politics and what constitutes politics of sexuality?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"35955", path:"/courses/35955", description:"Women's health is a constant refrain of modern life, prompting impassioned debates that speak to the fundamental nature of our society. Women's bodies are the tableaux across which politicians, physicians, healthcare professional, activists, and women themselves dispute issues as wide-ranging asindividual versus collective rights, the legitimacy of scientific and medical knowledge, the role of the government in healthcare, inequalities of care, and the value of experiential knowledge, among many others. Understanding the history of these questions is crucial for informed engagement with contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING WITH PICTURES: CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS", number:"null", id:"44154", path:"/courses/44154", description:"A children's picture book is a unique book form in that it is written with pictures. Words, if used at all, serve to illustrate what the picture cannot say. In this course students will learn the complexities of designing what looks to be, a simple picture book for children. Visualizing the story begins with both writing and drawing prompts, image collecting, and exposure to a range of children's literature. Students will learn to sequence a main character and an environment into a storyboard through stages of changes towards a resolution. By the end of the semester students will have a good understanding of how a picture book works, with a personal 'dummy' book well on its way. This course will include two guest artists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWAHILI II", number:"null", id:"38068", path:"/courses/38068", description:"At the end of the course students will be at Level 2 on the ILR (Interagency Language Roundtable) scale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MILITARY MEDICINE & TECH", number:"null", id:"35962", path:"/courses/35962", description:"War and its effects on the human body are brutal; the carnage of the battlefield and the conditions of camp life have presented special challenges to medicine throughout history. People and governments have sought to quell carnage and deter war through the development of ever-more-lethal technologies, though, in the end, they mostly created more spectacular ways of maiming flesh. But the significance of medicine and technology in a military context extends well beyond the injuries and illnesses of war. Looking more closely at the ways in which engineers, physicians, inventors, military officers, soldiers, and civilians have interacted with each other both in war and in peace reveals much about the political, cultural, and disciplinary formation of military medicine and technology in the modern era. This seminar surveys the history of medicine, technology, nursing, innovation, and public health as they are conducted in a military context, exploring the ways in which the practices, theories, tools and imagined needs of the military have played, and continue to play, a prominent role in conceptualizations of warfare morality, the body, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"44678", path:"/courses/44678", description:"Assessment and treatment of the young child in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this developmentally organized course. This course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with the most common health problems, including acute episodic illness as well as stable chronic disease. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, the maturational tasks and problems of children and their families in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"35782", path:"/courses/35782", description:"This course examines the available corporate securities that firms can use to finance investment. The course will focus on: (1) the design of these securities (Why do bonds have embedded options? What is the role of preferred stock?); (2) the issuing process for these securities (What do investment banks do? Is the underwriting process important for the cost of capital?); (3) the pricing of these securities (How are credit risk in bonds and loans priced?) The securities covered include corporate and junk bonds, bank loans, common and preferred equity, commercial paper, securitization, as well as some recent innovations. Other topics include: the role of embedded options in corporate bonds; the role of bank and loan covenants; the function of bond rating agencies; exchange offers; prepackaged bankruptcies; bankruptcy in Chapter 11; workouts; debtor-in-possession financing; and pricing credit risk. The course is designed to be complementary to Advanced Corporate Finance and Fixed Income Securities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE IMMIGRANT CITY", number:"null", id:"36614", path:"/courses/36614", description:"Immigration is among the most important yet controversial forces shaping cities, regions, and neighborhoods. The diversity of immigrant and receiving communities means that the dynamics and impacts of migration are varied and complex. This course examines the development of immigrant and receiving communities in the United States. It surveys public policy and community and ececonomic development practices related to migration at the local, regional, national, and trans-national scale. Class readings, discussions, and visits to Philadelphia's immigrant neighborhoods explore themes including labor markets, housing experiences, political mobilization, civil society, cultural preservation, and the built environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ECOLOGY OF ART", number:"null", id:"40957", path:"/courses/40957", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MINING ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42339", path:"/courses/42339", description:"In ancient times, materials such as stone and metals were used to produce artifacts including pigments, jewelry, tools, and weapons. This course is designed to introduce students to research on the early exploitation of mineral resources. Which techniques were used to access and process raw materials in antiquity? Which archaeological methods can be used to investigate these features and artifacts? The course will provide worldwide examples through time, ranging from Stone Age flint mining, Iron Age rock salt mining to Medieval silver mining. Ethnographic studies and hands-on activities will contribute to our understanding of mining in archaeology, and artifacts from the Museum's collections will undergo scientific analysis in the Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY LIT THEORY", number:"null", id:"36971", path:"/courses/36971", description:"Over the last three decades, the fields of literary and cultural studies have been reconfigured by a variety of theoretical and methodological developments. Bracing and often confrontational dialogues between theoretical and political positions as varied as Deconstruction, New Historicism, Cultural Materialism, Feminism, Queer Theory, Minority Discourse Theory, Colonial and Post-colonial Studies and Cultural Studies have, in particular, altered disciplinary agendas and intellectual priorities for students embarking on the /professional /study of literature. In this course, we will study key texts, statements and debates that define these issues, and will work towards a broad knowledge of the complex rewriting of the project of literary studies in process today. The reading list will keep in mind the Examination List in Comparative Literature we will not work towards complete coverage but will ask how crucial contemporary theorists engage with the longer history and institutional practices of literary criticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL GAME DESIGN TECH", number:"null", id:"37423", path:"/courses/37423", description:"Why can't work be fun? And just what is fun, anyway? Leading firms are answering that question through a new business practice called gamification. They are using the techniques of digital game designers to serve objectives as varied as marketing, human resources management, innovation, health and wellness, education, and customer engagement. This course, the first of its kind, examines the mechanisms of gamification and provides an understanding of their effective use. 

The course uses a project-based approach to explore gamification as a design practice, which is rooted in research on human motivation and implemented through online systems and social media. No particular technical skills or game knowledge is required. The course draws upon interdisciplinary source material as well as case studies to identify effective analytical models, strategies, techniques, and metrics for the application of game elements to real-world business context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMAN EMPIRE", number:"null", id:"42314", path:"/courses/42314", description:"'They create a desert and call it peace,' wrote Tacitus in describing the response of the conquered to Rome's power, but the Roman Peace also brought with it it other, less dramatic changes. In this class we will break the Roman Empire down into a series of vignettes, using literature and archaeology to supply us us with the material for a fresh look at Roman society. Our aim is to uncover the complexity of Roman society, and to acknowledge the multiple voices that together made up the ancient Mediterranean world. We will focus upon key structural aspects of Roman society and culture, but explore them in new ways, using texts that highlight dissent, conflict and tension as they indicate cohesion and Rome's hegemony over the Mediterranean in antiquity. Texts will be read in translation. No prerequisites, although students are encouraged to take this course after taking ANCH 027/HIST 027.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE IMAGE OF CHILDHOOD IN ISRAELI LIT AND FILM", number:"null", id:"37612", path:"/courses/37612", description:"Fall 2016: In the first decade of the new millennium, the so called 'Second Generation', children of Holocaust survivors reached maturity. Only in their 40s and 50s they finally began confronting and reconstructing their parents' experiences, as well as their own nightmarish childhoods. These include striking narratives Our Holocaust by Amir Gutfreund and Corner People by Esty G. Hayim as well as films like Walk on Water. The third generation is also returning to the forbidden story with prize winning films like 'The apartment.' The quintessential Holocaust narrative The Diary of Anne Frank appeared in 1947, one year prior to the establishment of the Jewish State. Nevertheless, Israeli culture 'waited' until the public trial of Adolf Eichmann in 1961 to hesitantly face the momentous catastrophe. The Zionist wish to forge a 'New Jew' motivated this suppression, at least in part. Aharon Appelfeld's stories were the first Holocaust-related works to enter the modernist literary scene in the 1960s, followed by the cryptic verse of Dan Pagis, a fellow child survivor. It was not until 1988 that this practice of concealing the past was broken, when two Israeli-born pop singers, children of survivors, released the watershed documentary 'Because of That War.' 

This course will follow and analyze the transformation of Israeli literature and cinema from instruments of suppression into a means of processing this national trauma. While Israeli works constitute much of the course's material, European and American film and fiction play comparative roles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE IMPLEMENTATION", number:"null", id:"41749", path:"/courses/41749", description:"This advanced course on entrepreneurship focuses on developing a validated opportunity or concept into a venture that is ready for seed financing and/or launching the product or service. Participants in this course must previously have developed a validated opportunity, either in a previous course or through independent efforts. Students may participate as a team of up to three people. Ideally, participants are commited to pursuing their opportunity commercially, or at least to seriously explore that possibility. The course provides a practical guidance for developing the product or service, forming the entity, raising capital building the team, establishing partnerships, and sourcing professional services. After completing the course, you will be 'pitch ready' - whether submitting to campus venture competitions or to outside investors. Most coursework is focused on applying concepts and frameworks to project tasks in developing the venture. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course. Students must have successfully completed MGMT801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO THE BIBLE", number:"null", id:"37610", path:"/courses/37610", description:"An introduction to the major themes and ideas of the Hebrew Bible (the Old Testament), with attention to the contributions of archaeology and modern Biblical scholarship, including Biblical criticism and the response to it in Judaism and Christianity. All readings are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"38326", path:"/courses/38326", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMIGRANT URBAN LABOR IN THE U.S.", number:"null", id:"35334", path:"/courses/35334", description:"Topics vary. Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44791", path:"/courses/44791", description:"This course will develop theoretical and computational approaches to structural and functional organization in the brain. The course will cover: (i) the basic biophysics of neural responses, (ii) neural coding and decoding with an emphasis on sensory systems, (iii) approaches to the study of networks of neurons, (iv) models of adaptation, learning and memory, (v) models of decision making, and (vi) ideas that address why the brain is organized the way that it is. The course will be appropriate for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students. A knowledge of multi-variable calculus, linear algebra and differential equations is required (except by permission of the instructor). Prior exposure to neuroscience and/or Matlab programming will be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARTS@PENN: BUILDING PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"35314", path:"/courses/35314", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILM IN RESIDENCE: FILM CULTURE IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"35474", path:"/courses/35474", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT ISSUES IN HEALTH AND SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"36245", path:"/courses/36245", description:"Analysis of key contemporary issues in health and social policy that will provide students with a deeper understanding of the design and structure of the U.S. health care system, the policy initiatives that have shaped it, and the roles of the government, the private sector, and consumers and advocacy groups in setting the policy agenda. Seminars will examine the origins of each issue, the policies enacted and their effects, both intended and unintended, and will propose and debate the merits of alternative policy solutions. The role of health services and policy research in informing the policy debate and directions will be highlighted.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRAPARTUM / POSTPARTUM / NEWBORN CARE, THEORY", number:"null", id:"45260", path:"/courses/45260", description:"Anatomy and physiology relevant to the care of the women and their families during the intrapartum, postpartum and newborn periods. Includes management of selected obstetrical emergencies and medical complications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE/PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"38808", path:"/courses/38808", description:"An intermediate level course of Japanese language focusing on workplace-related topics. Intended for students who will use Japanese in the professions. Textbook: Powering Up Your Japanese Through Case Studies: Intermediate and Advanced Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: PHILOSOPHY: THE EMPOWERMENT OF WOMEN AND GIRLS", number:"null", id:"44800", path:"/courses/44800", description:"A PPE Capstone seminar offered by faculty in Philosophy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"39803", path:"/courses/39803", description:"Today, Japanese manga, anime, J-pop, and film have a global audience. But these exports can only be truly understood in light of longstanding domestic anxieties about sex, violence, gender, and 'the kids these days.' More recent concerns about the country's declining birthrate, weakening geopolitical position, and vulnerability to natural and anthropogenic disaster also deeply influence Japanese media products. This course explores some of these anxieties through critical examinations of manga, anime, video games, television, music, and fashion in Japan. Film screenings include work by directors Kon Satoshi, Otomo Katsuhiro, Takahata Isao, Miyazaki Hayao; Itami Juzo, and Takita Yojiro; manga excerpts include work by Tezuka Osamu, Urasawa Naoki, and Yazawa Ai. Secondary readings include scholarship in anthropology, history, sociology, literature, film studies and religious studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"43137", path:"/courses/43137", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO COMP POLITICS", number:"null", id:"37791", path:"/courses/37791", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to comparative political analysis. How can the political behavior, circumstances, institutions, and dynamic patterns of change that people experience in very different societies be analyzed using the same set of concepts and theories? Key themes include nationalism, political culture, democratization, authoritarianism, and the nature of protracted conflict.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA PROSEMINAR: ECO-CRITICISM, SUSTAINABILITY, AND THE HUMANITIES", number:"null", id:"39774", path:"/courses/39774", description:"This course covers topics in eighteenth-century British literature. Its emphases varies with instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY PORTUGUESE I", number:"null", id:"42004", path:"/courses/42004", description:"Portuguese 110 is a first-semester introductory language course for students who have not studied Portuguese before, or who have had little exposure to the language. The course will emphasize the development of foundational reading, writing, listening and speaking abilitites within a cultural context. Students will participate in paired and group activities designed to elicit meaningful and accurate exchanges of information. The course will introduce students to Portuguese and Lusophone culture through a variety of authentic materials, including texts, songs, films and other audio and video material. Classes will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FOR MANUF", number:"null", id:"44488", path:"/courses/44488", description:"This course is aimed at providing current and future product design/development engineers, manufacturing engineers, and product development managers with an applied understanding of Design for Manufacturability (DFM) concepts and methods. The course content includes materials from multiple disciplines including: engineering design, manufacturing, marketing, finance, project management, and quality systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"36982", path:"/courses/36982", description:"Media and Politics will examine multiple issues specific to the past and present political media environment in the United States. Focus will be primarily, though not exclusively on the contemporary news media (as opposed to political advertising and other marketing-oriented communications). Topics will include the rise of partisan media, selective exposure, news as entertainment, etc. Reading expectations will be relatively heavy, and under the supervision of the professor, students will be expected to write a research paper on a topic not directly a part of the course material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWAHILI I", number:"null", id:"39485", path:"/courses/39485", description:"The Elementary Swahili I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on East Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative compentence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Swahili. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35803", path:"/courses/35803", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECONFIGURING PORTRAITURE", number:"null", id:"39976", path:"/courses/39976", description:"As methods of representation are constantly shifting, one thing is clear - the photographic portrait is not what is used to be. Exploring both traditional and contemporary methods of portraiture, this class will uncover and discuss the ways in which we perceive each other in imagery, both as individuals and as groups. Throughout the semester, we will consider how portraits deal with truth, physical absence, the gaze, cultural embodiment, voyeurism and the digital persona. This course will build on the combination of perception, technology, and practice. Throughout the semester, students will advance by learning lighting techniques and strategies of presentation - as these core skills will become tools in the execution of project concepts. In tandem with each project, students will encounter and discuss a wide array of photography and writings from the past to the present, in an effort to understand the meanings and psychological effects of freezing the human image in time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING II", number:"null", id:"35759", path:"/courses/35759", description:"Figure Drawing II is an advanced class designed to further develop the student's skill and facility in capturing the human form. Content and conceptual issues will be explored through individualized projects concentrating on the figure. Students will also expand on their knowledge of drawing media and application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART OF MESOPOTAMIA", number:"null", id:"40960", path:"/courses/40960", description:"A survey of the art of Mesopotamia from 4000 B.C. through the conquest of Alexander the Great.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PASTORAL NOMADISM", number:"null", id:"44601", path:"/courses/44601", description:"Pastoral nomadism is a 'third way' of human subsistence separate from farming and foraging. It is a sustainable human adaptation to grassland and arid environments practiced through particular technologies and domesticated animals. This course begins by examining the human ecology and social organization that emerge from mobile ways of life, drawing on modern, ethnographic, and archaeological examples of pastoral nomadic groups in the Middle East and Central Asia. Academic readings and ethnographic films will form the basis of discussions about several larger themes, including: the origins of pastoral nomadism and horse riding; the development of dairy-based foods and human adaptations allowing the digestion of lactose; the historical relationship between mobile groups of pastoralists and territorial states; popular perceptions of nomads in various forms of historical and modern media; and the influence of ideas about nomads on modern senses of heritage and nationalism in the Middle East and Central Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Middle East through Many Lenses", number:"null", id:"41810", path:"/courses/41810", description:"This freshman seminar introduces the contemporary Middle East by drawing upon cutting-edge studies written from a variety of disciplinary perspectives. These include history, political science, and anthropology, as well as studies of mass media, sexuality, religion, urban life, and the environment. We will spend the first few weeks of the semester surveying major trends in modern Middle Eastern history. We will spend subsequent weeks intensively discussing assigned readings along with documentary films that we will watch in class. The semester will leave students with both a foundation in Middle Eastern studies and a sense of current directions in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COMM: NETWORKED TEENAGERS", number:"null", id:"36647", path:"/courses/36647", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Communications, the interdisciplinary study of the processes of human communication. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUB OPINION & THE PPL", number:"null", id:"42596", path:"/courses/42596", description:"Democracy relies on mechanism in which the public communicates with policy makers. This course examines the extent to which public opinion effectively represents this mechanism. We begin with historical conceptions of public opinion tracing back to ancient Athens and 18th century enlightenment thinking. We then consider the extent to which public opinion can be captured by modern day polling, or whether it only emerges after considered deliberation and discussion. We then discuss the ways in which elite rhetoric and the media move public opinion, including through the use of public opinion polls. Finally, we ask whether policymakers are actually sensitive to the voice of the people or only the voice of some of the people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS IN LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"43022", path:"/courses/43022", description:"International Organizations play a powerful role in mitigating conflict at the global level. What role do they play in solving problems related to global politics, economic development, corruption, inequality and civil society in Latin America? How much power, influence and control do they possess in the region? This course examines the role and impact international organizations have had on Latin America since the mid-20th century. After a review of theoretical and methodological persectives on the significance of IOs in international relations, students will examine the workings, issues and often controversies surrounding IOs in Latin America, including the IMF, World Bank, UN, OAS and ICC as wellas regional organizations such as the Inter-American Court of Human Rights and area trade blocs and agreements of Mercosur, NAFTA and others. Students will also explore the regional impact of transnational civil society organizations, such as human rights organizations and the International Olympic Committee. Students will be invited to participate in the Washington Model OAS from April 10-17.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART, DESIGN AND DIGITAL CULTURE", number:"null", id:"44165", path:"/courses/44165", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamental perception, representation, aesthetics, and design that shape today's visual culture. It addresses the way artists and designers create images; design with analog and digital tools; communicate, exchange, and express meaning over broad range of media; and find their voices within the fabric of contemporary art, design, and visual culture. Emphasis is placed on building an extended form of visual literacy by studying and making images using a variety of representation techniques; learning to organize and structure two-dimensional and three-dimensional space, and designing with time-based and procedural media. Students learn to develop an individual style of idea-generation, experimentation, iteration, and critique as part of their creative and critical responses to visual culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENOMICS OF HUMAN DISEASE AND EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"35411", path:"/courses/35411", description:"In this course we will discuss the identification and characterization of genetic diversity in the human genome, the genetic basis of normal variable traits, and the genetic basis of human disease. The study of the human genome increasingly impacts almost every aspect of our society, from medicine to law enforcement to how we view ourselves. The focus of this course will be to apply concepts and methods of genetics and genomic analysis (gene mapping, genome sequencing, epigenetics, gene expression) to better understand the genetic basis of both normal variable traits as well as disease. We will discuss how to distinguish the evolutionary and demographic forces (i.e. mutation, migration, selection, population size) that influence genotypic and phenotypic variation within and among human populations. We will discuss how genomics and population genetics methodologies are being applied to study modern human origins, analysis of ancient DNA, ancestry, and population history. We will also discuss the implications of these studies for personalized medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"N.AFRICA:HIST,CULTR,SOC", number:"null", id:"44613", path:"/courses/44613", description:"This interdisciplinary seminar aims to introduce students to the countries of North Africa, with a focus on the Maghreb and Libya (1830-present). It does so while examining the region's close economic and cultural connections to sub-Saharan Africa, Europe, and the Middle East. Readings will include histories, political analyses, anthropological studies, and novels, and will cover a wide range of topics such as colonial and postcolonial experiences, developments in Islamic thought and practice, and labor migration. This class is intended for juniors, seniors, and graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"40309", path:"/courses/40309", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfill the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class. Requests for this course should be submitted to: MGMT-Courseinfo@wharton.upenn.edu.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR MODERN HEBREW IV", number:"null", id:"38715", path:"/courses/38715", description:"This course constitutes the final semester of Intermediate Modern Hebrew. Hence, one of the main goals of the course is to prepare the students for the proficiency exam in Hebrew. Emphasis will be placed on grammar skills and ability to read literary texts. Open to all students who have completed three semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"39933", path:"/courses/39933", description:"This course investigates methods of economic analysis for decision making among alternative courses of action in engineering applications. Topics include: cost-driven design economics, break-even analysis, money-time relationships, rates of return, cost estimation, depreciation and taxes, foreign exchange rates, life cycle analysis, benefit-cost ratios, risk analysis, capital financing and allocation, and financial statement analysis. Case studies apply these topics to actual engineering problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING FOR BUSINESS:  NON-NATIVE ENGLISH SECTION", number:"null", id:"45051", path:"/courses/45051", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Issues in Comparative Politics and Gender: The Middle East & North Africa", number:"null", id:"39216", path:"/courses/39216", description:"Struggles over gender roles and rights have been prominent in the Middle East and North Africa since the 19th century and continue to mark contemporary political and social discourses. Since the colonial period, gender categories and sexualities have been critiqued and negotiated on behalf of empire, the nation, modernity, personal freedom; today debates and struggles over global rights, islamic law, and modernity continue to mark politics. Despite the particularity of ideas and events in the region, a comparative framework helps to overcome exoticization of the region and develop a more acute understanding. The topics of the course include engagement with the discourse of the Exotic Other, the effects of modernity, the role of nationalism and the state, state-society negotiation, islamic formulations, and continously, the question: where does change come from? Issues of the veil and islamic dress the expansion of anti-gay laws, the disciplining of bodies in state and social settings - these issues of gender and sexuality extend the realm of the political into intimate spaces. Assignments include a midterm and a short paper that develops research and analytical skills. The course is 200 level. While background in the study of the Middle East or gender is not necessary, an introductory political science or social science course is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST '45-PRES", number:"null", id:"38452", path:"/courses/38452", description:"This course is an introduction to the analysis of film as both a textual practice and a cultural practice. We will examine a variety of films--from Fritz Lang's M (1931) to Julia Dash's DAUGHTERS OF THE DUST (1991)--in order to demonstrate the tools and skills of 'close reading.' We will concentrate on those specifically filmic features of the movies, such as mise-en-scene, cinematography, editing and sound strategies, as well as those larger organizational forms, such as narrative and non-narrative structures and movie genres. Because our responses to the movies always extend beyond the film frame, we will additionally look closely at the complex business of film distribution, promotion, and exhibition to show how the less visible machinery of the movie business also shapes our understanding and enjoyment of particular films. Along the way, we will discuss some of the most influential and productive critical schools of thought informing film analysis today, including realism, auteurism, feminism, postmodernism, and others. Screenings are mandatory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PORTRAITS OF OLD RUSSIA", number:"null", id:"39281", path:"/courses/39281", description:"This course covers eight centuries of Russias cultural, political, and social history, from its origins through the eighteenth century, a period which laid the foundation for the Russian Empire. Each week-long unit is organized around a set of texts (literary text, historical document, image, film) which examine prominent historical and legendary figures as they represent chapters in Russias history. Historical figures under examination include, among others, the Baptizer of Rus, Prince Vladimir; the nation-builder, Prince Alexander Nevsky; the first Russian Tsar, Ivan the Terrible; the first Emperor and Westernizer, Peter the Great; the renowned icon painter Andrei Rublev; the epic hero Ilya Muromets; and the founder of Muscovite monasticism, St. Sergius of Radonezh.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41356", path:"/courses/41356", description:"This course investigates methods of economic analysis for decision making among alternative courses of action in engineering applications. Topics include: cost-driven design economics, break-even analysis, money-time relationships, rates of return, cost estimation, depreciation and taxes, foreign exchange rates, life cycle analysis, benefit-cost ratios, risk analysis, capital financing and allocation, and financial statement analysis. Case studies apply these topics to actual engineering problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES III:", number:"null", id:"37770", path:"/courses/37770", description:"Elementary thermodynamics and statistical physics including heat engines and the Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution, independent and forced harmonic motion, coupled oscillators, normal modes, longitudinal and transverse sound and light waves, interference and diffraction, and elementary Fourier analysis and the uncertainty principle.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L HOUSING COMPARISNS", number:"null", id:"39261", path:"/courses/39261", description:"This course analyzes housing finance systems and housing market outcomes across the globe. In the US, the course focuses on the development of securitization markets and addresses the current challenges of housing finance reform, including the future of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Internationally, the course covers issues of access to housing and housing informality in developing countries, financial crises arising out of the housing sector, and potential market-oriented and public policy solutions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"39661", path:"/courses/39661", description:"Introductory quantum mechanics, atomic and molecular structure, chemical bonding, and microscopic understanding of physical and chemical properties of molecules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POWER & PERIL: THE PARADOX OF MONARCHY AMONG ANCIENT GREEKS, ROMANS & JEWS", number:"null", id:"42315", path:"/courses/42315", description:"We imagine Ancient Greece and Rome as the cradles of democracy and republicanism, the early Judea as pious theocracy, but the evidence tells us that monarchy was the most common and prevalent form of government in antiquity (and the premodern world in general). Despite their ubiquity, the King was a polarizing figurein reality and in conception. On the one hand, some idealized the monarchy as the ideal leader, and monarchy provided the language with which to describe and even imagine the very godsbut on the other, monarchs were widely reviled in both theory and practice, from the Greek tyrant to biblical Saul. The Emperor Augustus loudly denied his own affinity to the office of king, even as he ruled alone and was revered as a god. In other words, kings stood both for the ideal ruler and the worst form of government. This class confronts the paradox of the King.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"36434", path:"/courses/36434", description:"This seminar will focus on how visual information is processed by the eye and the brain to produce visual perception. These issues will be explored through lectures and student presentations of journal articles, combined with Matlab- based tutorials and exercises. The course requires no prior knowledge of visual processing, math, or computer programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLIN PRAC:COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"44674", path:"/courses/44674", description:"The focus of this course is the application of concepts presented in the Complex Diagnosis and Management of Adults Across the Lifespan (NURS 648) including initial workups of new patients, and the evaluation and management of patients with self-limiting acute problems, or stable chronic illnesses. Students will gain increased clinical expertise in a variety of community-based clinical settings including but not limited to health maintenance organizations, community clinics, long term care, assisted living, continuing care retirement communities, occupational health settings, and private practice. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, applying epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care for adults across the lifespan with health maintenance needs, and/or common acute and chronic health problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP RUSS THRGH FILM", number:"null", id:"36478", path:"/courses/36478", description:"This course continues developing students' advanced skills in Russian and offers intensive study of Russian film, arguably the most powerful medium for reflecting changes in modern society. This course will examine Russia's transition to democracy and market economy through the eyes of its most creative and controversial cinematographers. The course will focus on the often agonizing process of changing values and attitudes as the country moves from Soviet to Post-Soviet society. Russian films with English subtitles will be supplemented by readings from contemporary Russian media sources. The course provides an excellent visual introduction to the problems of contemporary Russia society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLEGE MUSIC PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"44576", path:"/courses/44576", description:"Private study in voice, keyboard, strings, woodwind, brass, percussion, and non-western instruments. Such study is designed to meet the artistic, technical, and/or professional needs of the student. Note: This is not a syllabus. Course requirements and assessment will be determined by the private instructor. Private lessons in the College House Music cannot be taken Pass/Fail. Please visit http://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/performance. Students cannot register through Penn In Touch. Registration will be maintained by the music department upon receipt of application and instructor permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS IN FIN REPORTIN", number:"null", id:"43645", path:"/courses/43645", description:"This intensive one-semester course focuses on how to extract and interpret information in financial statements. The course adopts a user perspective of accounting by illustrating several specific accounting issues in a decision context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHICKS AND CYBERBORGS: GENDER, TECHNOLOGY AND CULTURE", number:"null", id:"39782", path:"/courses/39782", description:"Information and communication technologies (ICT) are powerful tools of connectivity and social change, but they also contain embedded ideological tensions that can produce inequalities and deepen inter-group disparities. At the core of this class is a sustained analysis of the effects of gender on the development and use of ICT. Drawing on a range of theories for communication, gender, information, media, sexuality and technology, this course helps students understand feminist critiques of science and technology; develop critical analyses of public policies that have consequences; identify barriers to the recruitment and retention of historically marginalized groups in the technology industry; and understand frameworks for thinking about communication technologies as shaping everyday life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"35775", path:"/courses/35775", description:"This course is designed to acquaint the student with the concepts of portfolio analysis in the general area of institutional investment management. The course discusses principles for managing financial assets. These principles apply, for example, to managing corporate pension funds, bank-administered trusts, and other institutional funds. Students will learn how to establish appropriate investment objectives, develop optimal portfolio strategies, estimate risk-return tradeoffs, and evaluate investment performance. Many of the latest quantitative approaches are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY & FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"42646", path:"/courses/42646", description:"This is an advanced course in macroeconomics. A relatively simple, but well defined and internally consistent model of the U.S. economy is set up and used to study how output is generated given the initial resources, how output is divided between consumption and addition to capital stock, and how this process accumulates over time. The role of prices including the rate of interest in this process is also reviewed, and monetary and fiscal policies needed to improve the performance of the economy under such circumstances are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMEDICAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"41957", path:"/courses/41957", description:"This course is an introduction to bioethics, focusing on ethical questions arising at the beginning and end of life. Topics will include procreative responsibilities, the question of wrongful life, and prenatal moral status as well as questions of justice related to markets for sperm, eggs and gestation. We will also attend to dilemmas at the end of life, including the authority of advance directives, euthanasia and the allocation of life-saving therapies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED NUTRITION AND METABOLISM", number:"null", id:"39058", path:"/courses/39058", description:"Essentials of nutritional biochemistry from the molecular level to the level of the whole human organism. Nutrient functions and inter-relationshps are explored with attention to the association between nutrients and disease risk. Topics include energy metabolism and regulation of fat storage, new functions of vitamins and minerals, gene nutrient interactions and current research topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PATHOGENESIS OF MENTAL DISORDERS & ADVANCED PSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY - LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"41874", path:"/courses/41874", description:"An intensive analysis of the various advanced practice roles in psychiatric mental health nursing. Professional issues such as credentialing, reimbursement, legal and ethical dilemmas will also be examined in detail. The various practice settings in which the psychiatric mental health nurse operatesare discussed and analyzed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MGMT IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"36317", path:"/courses/36317", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIMATE POLICY & TECH", number:"null", id:"37012", path:"/courses/37012", description:"The course will exam Pacala and Socolow's hypothesis that 'Humanity already possesses the fundamental scientific, technical and industrial know-how t solve the carbon and climate problem for the next half-century.' Fifteen 'climate stabilization wedges' i.e., strategies that each have the potential to reduce carbon emissions by 1 billion ons per year by 2054, will be examined in detail. Technology and economics will be reviewed. Socio-political barriers to mass-scale implementation will be discussed. Pacala and Socolow note 'Every element in this portfoloio has passed beyond the laboratory bench and demonstration project; many are already implemented somewhere at full industrial scale'.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"40623", path:"/courses/40623", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and real estate capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two midterms, (depending on instructor).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"41631", path:"/courses/41631", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course aims to further develop students' advanced language proficiency and simultaneously deepen their knowledge and understanding of specific areas related to Korean business and economy such as an expansion of business into Asian markets and globalization strategies. Through research, discussion and presentation on various case studies and other business-related materials, students will enhance their critical thinking skills and gain an in-depth perspective on issues related to contemporary Korean business operations and practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT MGMT OF HUM ASSETS", number:"null", id:"40322", path:"/courses/40322", description:"Successful firms often excel in the capability of employing and deploying human assets (resources) to achieve the effective implementation of business strategy. To understand this capability, this course will address two central themes: 1) How to think systematically and strategically about various aspects of managing the organization's human assets; and 2) What really needs to be done to implement these policies and achieve competitive advantage. In order to think 'systematically' about this topic for any particular organization, we will consider the bundles of work practices and human resources processes that make up the overall system for managing people and evaluate whether these are internally consistent and aligned ('internal fit'). To think 'strategically,' we will then assess the relationship between practices/processes of managing people and the firm's strategy and strategic context, e.g. industry structure, competitive landscape, political, social, and economic environment -- for evidence of external fit. By paying attention to implementation, we will recognize that although many organizations recognize the importance of managing the workforce effectively (and even 'know' what approaches have been effective elsewhere), firms and managers very often fail to implement these approaches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40610", path:"/courses/40610", description:"This course introduces the field of evolutionary psychology, which is an approach to the study of human behavior. We will consider the threoretical underpinnings of the field, including evolutionary threory, development, kinship, and adaptations for social life, and will sample some of the recent empirical contributions to this growing area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"38382", path:"/courses/38382", description:"This course explores constitutional criminal procedure or the law of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments to the United States Constitution. Topics included the laws and rules associated with search and seizure, arrest, interrogation, the exclusionary rule, and deprivation of counsel. Social science evidence that supports or raises questions about legal doctrine will be examined. No prerequisites are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"42729", path:"/courses/42729", description:"This course will explore the physical science of the Earth's environment and human interactions with it. Coverage will include the Earth's various environmental systems, various environmental problems, and the direct and indirect causes of these environmental problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM EGYPT ARCHAEOL& HIST", number:"null", id:"39025", path:"/courses/39025", description:"Specific topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PUBLIC ENVIRONMENT OF CITIES: AN INTRO TO THE URBAN LANDSCAPE", number:"null", id:"39411", path:"/courses/39411", description:"This course will explore the role of public spaces - streets, boulevards, parks and squares - in cities and their social uses. With the University of Pennsylvania campus and the City of Philadelphia serving as our laboratory, we will critically examine the evolution of the movement of corridors, open space and buildings of the urban landscape and their changing uses. Case studies of social spaces on campus and public open spaces in Center City will help inform our understanding of how public environment serves, well or poorly, the varying needs of diverse users. While graphic skills are not required, graphic means as well as writing will be employed to communicate critical thought, ideas, and conclusions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF INDIAN BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"39299", path:"/courses/39299", description:"With annual growth rates between 5-10 percent for much of the last fifteen years, it may seem that the turn of the millennium has marked a fundamental shift in the state of Indian business. Yet at the same time stories continue to abound about the dark side of India's recent 'shining' where matters such as distributional justice and the fate of social strata like the subaltern poor and agrarian are concerned. Moreover, broader intra-regional forces continue to affect the state of business in a way that constantly reminds us that traditionally lacked any absolutely clear cut geographical correlate. How then should we think of the history of Indian business? In what ways is such a history different from or the same as the economic history of the South Asian subcontinent, its borderlands, and the broader Indian Ocean world it was long connected to? Can isolating something to be thought of as business in the past illuminate the structure or challenges of what we all so intuitively think of as the financial, commercial, and industrial aspects of business in the present? In this course we will consider these and other questions by tracing the interactions between the three-fold forces of entrepreneurialism, labor, and kinship/sovereignty--considered as the underlying conditions of business activity's possibility--from ancient to modern times in South Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW SOC POL SEX REPRO: Women, Gender, Sexuality and the Law", number:"null", id:"41516", path:"/courses/41516", description:"This course will examine how statutory law, court decisions and other forms of social policy encourage or discourage various forms of sexuality, reproduction and parenting. Such issues as contraception, abortion, gay and lesbian rights, reproductive technology, family violence, and welfare and family policies will be covered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"43319", path:"/courses/43319", description:"'What is philosophy? How does it differ from science, religion, literature, and other modes of human discourse? This course traces the origins of philosophy as a discipline in the Western tradition, looking to thinkers of Ancient Greece and Rome. We will examine how natural philosophers such as Thales, Anaximander, and Heraclitus distinguished their inquiries from the teachings of poets such as Homer and Hesiod; how ancient atomism had its origins in a response to Parmenides' challenge to the assumption that things change in the world; how Socrates reoriented the focus of philosophy away from the natural world and toward the fundamental ethical question, how shall I live? We will also examine how his pupil, Plato, and subsequently Aristotle, developed elaborate philosophical systems that address the nature of reality, knowledge, and human happiness. Finally, we will examine the ways in which later thinkers such as the Epicureans and Stoics transformed and extended the earlier tradition.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST '45-PRES", number:"null", id:"37058", path:"/courses/37058", description:"This course is an introduction to the analysis of film as both a textual practice and a cultural practice. We will examine a variety of films--from Fritz Lang's M (1931) to Julia Dash's DAUGHTERS OF THE DUST (1991)--in order to demonstrate the tools and skills of 'close reading.' We will concentrate on those specifically filmic features of the movies, such as mise-en-scene, cinematography, editing and sound strategies, as well as those larger organizational forms, such as narrative and non-narrative structures and movie genres. Because our responses to the movies always extend beyond the film frame, we will additionally look closely at the complex business of film distribution, promotion, and exhibition to show how the less visible machinery of the movie business also shapes our understanding and enjoyment of particular films. Along the way, we will discuss some of the most influential and productive critical schools of thought informing film analysis today, including realism, auteurism, feminism, postmodernism, and others. Screenings are mandatory. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN POLITICAL THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"39211", path:"/courses/39211", description:"This course will provide an overview of major figures and themes of modern political thought. We will focus on themes and questions pertinent to political theory in the modern era, particularly focusing on the relationship of the individual to community, society, and state. Although the emergence of the individual as a central moral, political, and conceptual category arguably began in earlier eras, it is in the seventeenth century that it takes firm hold in defining the state, political institutions, moral thinking, and social relations. The centrality of 'the individual' has created difficulties, even paradoxes, for community and social relations, and political theorists have struggled to reconicle those throughout the modern era. We will consider the political forms that emerged out of those struggles, as well as the changed and distinctly 'modern' conceptualizations of political theory such as freedom, responsibilty, justice, rights and obligations, as central categories for organizing moral and political life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCE IN EUROPE", number:"null", id:"44221", path:"/courses/44221", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"36096", path:"/courses/36096", description:"Principles and mathematical models of electrochemical processes in energy conversion and storage, water desalination, nanofabrication, and sensing for engineering and science graduate students and advanced undergraduates, lacking prior background in electrochemistry. The course covers equivalent circuits, electrode kinetics, electrokinetic and transport phenomena, and electrostatics. The course will introduce and use the finite element program COMSOLTM. We will discuss, among other things, applications to stationary and flow batteries, supercapacitors, integrated electric circuit fabrication, electrokinetics, and biosensing. In contrast to CBE 545 Electrochemical Energy Conversion that focuses on solid state electrochemistry, this course emphasizes liquid-based electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"43898", path:"/courses/43898", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING STUDIO", number:"null", id:"41386", path:"/courses/41386", description:"Painting Studio presents an ongoing exploration of the techniques, problems and poetics of painting, the nuances of the painting language, and the development of a personal direction. A wide variety of problems will address such issues as color, composition, and the development of imagery, process, and content. Students are expected to improve in technical handling of paints and move towards developing personal modes of seeing, interpreting, and thinking for themselves. This course introduces different topics, strategies and individual challenges each semester, so it may be repeated with advanced course numbers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF CHILDREN THEORY I: CHILD AND FAMILY DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"37689", path:"/courses/37689", description:"This course focuses on developmental theories and concepts that form the basis for nursing assessment and intervention with children and families. Emphasis is given to current research and issues in child and family development and functioning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVT'L MGMT LAW & POL", number:"null", id:"44409", path:"/courses/44409", description:"This course provides an introduction to environmental management by focusing on foundational concepts of environmental law and policy and how they affect business decisions. The primary aim of the course is to give students a deeper practical sense of the important relationship between business and the natural environment, the existing legal and policy framework of environmental protection, and how business managers can think about managing their relationship with both the environment and the law.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WETLANDS", number:"null", id:"39920", path:"/courses/39920", description:"The course focuses on the natural history of different wetland types including climate, geology, and,hydrology factors that influence wetland development Associated soil, vegetation, and wildlife characteristics and key ecological processes will be covered as well. Lectures will be supplemented with weekend wetland types, ranging from tidal salt marshes to non-tidal marshes, swamps, and glacial bogs in order to provide field experience in wetland identification, characterization, and functional assessment. Outside speakers will discuss issues in wetland seed bank ecology, federal regulation, and mitigation. Students will present a short paper on the ecology of a wetland animal and a longer term paper on a selected wetland topic. Readings from the text, assorted journal papers, government technical documents, and book excerpts will provide a broad overview of the multifaceted field of wetland study.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IDENTITY", number:"null", id:"43333", path:"/courses/43333", description:"The content of the course may include the following, and related, themes: what makes a human the same human over time? What constitutes our identities? Are gender, race, sexual orientation, and the like essential features of our identities, and if so, how do they become so? How do ethics, politics and identity interact? After learning this philosophical content, Penn students will develop lesson plans for introducing this content to Philadelphia public high school sudents. Mid way through the semester, Penn students will start to prepare the high school students to present their own original work on the philosophy of identity at a conference to be held at Penn in May 2017. Penn students will be assessed on their own written and other work for the course, and in no way on the written or oral work of the high school students. Enrollment by permit only. Please contact Professor Detlefsen detlefse@sas.upenn.edu to schedule an interview for admission to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1000 YRS MUSICAL LISTENG", number:"null", id:"40376", path:"/courses/40376", description:"We know that we like music and that it moves us, yet it is often difficult to pinpoint exactly why, and harder still to explain what it is we are hearing. This course takes on those issues. It aims to introduce you to a variety of music, and a range of ways of thinking, talking and writing about music. The majority of music dealt with will be drawn from the so-called 'Classical' repertory, from the medieval period to the present day, including some of the 'greats' such as Handel, Beethoven, Mozart, Berlioz, and Verdi, but will also introduce you to music you will most likely never have encountered before. This course will explore the technical workings of music and the vocabularies for analyzing music and articulating a response to it; it also examines music as a cultural phenomenon, considering what music has meant for different people, from different societies across the ages and across geographical boundaries. As well as learning to listen ourselves, we will also engage with a history of listening. No prior musical knowledge is required. (Formerly Music 021)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY AND FICTION", number:"null", id:"37181", path:"/courses/37181", description:"In spite of photography's traditional relationship with fact, the medium has been a vehicle for fiction since the very beginning. Fiction and photography encompass a broad range of meanings,from elaborately staging and performing for the camera, to manipulations using digital technology such as Photoshop to construct the work. This class will examine and trace the history of manipulated photography while paying special attention to the complex negotiations between the decisive moment, the constructed tableau, and the digitally manipulated image. There will be a combination of class lectures, studio projects, assigned readings, visiting artists, film screenings, field trips, and class critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG PRINC OF HUMAN PHYSI", number:"null", id:"35346", path:"/courses/35346", description:"Analysis of cellular and systems-level human physiology with an emphaisis on clinical applications. Particular emphasis is on mechanisms of function in the neural and cardiovascular systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP VERT ANATOMY & EVOL", number:"null", id:"43818", path:"/courses/43818", description:"This course will survey the phylogeny and anatomy of vertebrate organisms from a comparative evolutionary perspective. The lecture will concentrate on the history, diversity, structure and function of vertebrates. A companion lab course, BIOL 336, is available for those students interested in a more complete understanding of vertebrate anatomy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED GRAPHIC DESIGN AND TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"39984", path:"/courses/39984", description:"This course will explore advanced commercial, public and personal forms of visual communication. Emphasis will be placed on creative problem solving with consideration for audience. Discussion of design history, current ideology and future design applications will inform individual student projects. Work generated in this studio can be used to build a portfolio.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND OF MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"40366", path:"/courses/40366", description:"This course will provide a graduate level introduction to the science and engineering of materials. It is designed specifically to meet the needs of students who will be doing research that involves materials but who do not have an extensive background in the field. The focus is on fundamental aspects of materials science and will emphasize phenomena and how to describe them . The course assumes an undergraduate background in any area of physical/chemical science and undergraduate mathematics appropriate to this. The course will also be accessible to students of applied mathematics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO II", number:"null", id:"37152", path:"/courses/37152", description:"Video II offers opportunities to further explore the role of cinematic narrative technique, non-narrative forms, digital video cinematography, editing, and screen aesthetics. Through a series of several video projects and a variety of technical exercises, students will refine their ability to articulate technically and conceptually complex creative projects in digital cinema. In addition, one presentation on a contemporary issue related to the application of cinematic storytelling and/or the cultural context of digital video is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMOTION & POWER", number:"null", id:"44886", path:"/courses/44886", description:"Is power smart? Conventional models of power-- both in everyday, commonsense understandings and in academic studies-- tend to be instrumentalist. They understand power as a thoughtful exercise designed to achieve particular ends. But as we consider the political-cultural landscape, does the assumption that power is rational hold up? This seminar will bring together an in-depth exploration of Michel Foucault's theory of power with contemporary affect theory to address this question. We will begin by mapping out Foucault's 'analytics of power,' from his early work on power knowledge to his late work on embodiment, desire, and the care of the self. We will then consider a series of interpretations of Foucault within contemporary affect theory, an approach which centralizes the non-rational, emotive force of power. Along the way, we will consider formations of sex, race, religion, material culture, and cinema. No previous knowledge of theory is required. Students will be encouraged to connect the theoretical frames of the class to their own fields and areas of interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICS FOR RESEARCH AND MEASUREMENT", number:"null", id:"41835", path:"/courses/41835", description:"This course examines statistical methods used by scientists in the analysis of research data. The fundamental theorem for this course is the 'square root law' (central limit theorem). Students become literate in statistical terminology and symbols and knowledgeable of assumptions for statistical tests. Fundamental statistics include basic theorems and principles, sample, population and data distributions, measures of central tendency, correlational techniques, and commonly used parametric and nonparametric statistical tests. Parameters for inferential and descriptive statistics are examined as the basis for explaining the results from research studies. Students apply chance models in estimating confidence intervals of percentages and means, and in hypothesis testing. This content is taught in the context of nursing research and measurement of nursing phenomena. Examination of research publications enable students to apply their knowledge to reading and understanding data analyses used in studies. Students evaluate tables and graphs as ways to summarize research findings. Course content prepares students to examine statistical and clinical significance of research findings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - HEDGE FUNDS", number:"null", id:"39998", path:"/courses/39998", description:"This course will cover critical aspects and characteristics of hedge funds and the hedge fund industry. It will look at the legal foundations and structures of hedge funds including the primary regulations in the U.S. and abroad that are most relevant for hedge funds. It will also present the major hedge fund strategies, describe operation, control, administration, due diligence and valuation issues. Performance evaluation and investing in hedge funds from the investor's perspective will be discussed as will be issues of potential changes in regulation, risk management, and the use of leverage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"37935", path:"/courses/37935", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts of the Spanish-speaking world. At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through reading, oral presentations, video viewing, and regular writing assignments. The course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING FOR CHILDREN:  BEAUTY AND THE BOOK (AND THE BLOG)", number:"null", id:"38464", path:"/courses/38464", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"41872", path:"/courses/41872", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH COMM & ACAD WRITING", number:"null", id:"41237", path:"/courses/41237", description:"Students will improve the grammar, word choice and organization of their professional writing by completing weekly writing assignments and a full-length research paper. Students will also give short oral presentations and receive feedback on pronunciation, wording, grammar and organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDATIONS OF EUROPEAN THOUGHT: FROM ROME TO THE RENAISSANCE", number:"null", id:"41551", path:"/courses/41551", description:"This course offers an introduction to the world of thought and learning at the heart of European culture, from the Romans through the Renaissance. We begin with the ancient Mediterranean and the formation of Christianity and trace its transformation into European society. Along the way we will examine the rise of universities and institutions for learning, and follow the humanist movement in rediscovering and redefining the ancients in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART OF THE WEB: INTERACTIVE CONCEPTS FOR ART AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"41387", path:"/courses/41387", description:"Art of the Web: Interactive concepts for art and design is a first step in learning how tocreate, analyze and discuss interactive content, as a visual creator. It is an exploration of the culture of the internet, the ideas behind its quirks, the dreams and freedoms it encapsulates, and the creative power it gives to us. Students will be assigned projects that will challenge their current understanding of the web, and the ways it shapes human connectivity and interaction. Upon completion of this course, students will possess a working knowledge how to organize and design websites and learn to critique web-content including navigation, UX design and information architecture. The course will require analytical and conceptual skills and foster creative thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR APPLIC OF STATISTIC", number:"null", id:"44126", path:"/courses/44126", description:"Principles and engineering applications of statistical inference. The basic topics covered are parameter estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing. Additional topics may include analysis of variance (ANOVA) and/or linear regression. Each method is treated both from theoretical and applied viewpoints, including software analysis of selected data sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORIGIN & CULTR OF CITIES", number:"null", id:"41813", path:"/courses/41813", description:"The UN estimates that 2.9 of the world's 6.1 billion people live in cities and that this percentage is rapidly increasing in many parts of the world. This course examines urban life and urban problems by providing anthropological perspectives on this distinctive form of human association and land use. First we will examine the 'origin' of cities, focusing on several of the places where cities first developed, including Mesopotamia and the Valley of Mexico. We will then investigate the internal structure of non-industrial cities by looking at case studies from around the world and from connections between the cities of the past and the city in which we live and work today.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MDRN ART:PICASSO-POLLOCK", number:"null", id:"39557", path:"/courses/39557", description:"Early twentieth-century art in Europe is marked by a number of exciting transformations. This period witnessed the rise of abstraction in painting and sculpture, as well as the inventions of collage, photomontage, constructed sculpture, the ready made and found object, and performance art. Encounters with the arts of Africa, Oceania and other traditions unfamiliar in the West spurred innovations in media, technique, and subject matter. Artists began to respond to the challenge of photography, to organize themselves into movements, and in some cases, to challenge the norms of art through 'anti-art.' A new gallery system replaced traditional forms of exhibiting and selling art, and artists took on new roles as publicists, manifesto writers, and exhibition organizers. This course examines these developments, with attention to formal innovations as well as cultural and political contexts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"42516", path:"/courses/42516", description:"This course surveys the history of world film from cinema s precursors to 1945. We will develop methods for analyzing film while examining the growth of film as an art, an industry, a technology, and a political instrument. Topics include the emergence of film technology and early film audiences, the rise of narrative film and birth of Hollywood, national film industries and movements, African-American independent film, the emergence of the genre film (the western, film noir, and romantic comedies), ethnographic and documentary film, animated films, censorship, the MPPDA and Hays Code, and the introduction of sound. We will conclude with the transformation of several film industries into propaganda tools during World War II (including the Nazi, Soviet, and US film industries). In addition to contemporary theories that investigate the development of cinema and visual culture during the first half of the 20th century, we will read key texts that contributed to the emergence of film theory. There are no prerequisites. Students are required to attend screenings or watch films on their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO THE BIBLE", number:"null", id:"40395", path:"/courses/40395", description:"An introduction to the major themes and ideas of the Hebrew Bible (the Old Testament), with attention to the contributions of archaeology and modern Biblical scholarship, including Biblical criticism and the response to it in Judaism and Christianity. All readings are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Image-Based Anatomy for Medical Physics", number:"null", id:"40355", path:"/courses/40355", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE HIDDEN WORLD OF PRIVACY POLICIES", number:"null", id:"41200", path:"/courses/41200", description:"The US Federal Trade Commission considers privacy policies essential for internet sites and apps. Lawyers for firms with internet sites and/or apps spend much time writing privacy policies. Yet surveys show that most Americans don't read the policies-and in fact cannot understand them because of their legal jargon. Moreover, surveys indicate, most Americans don't even correctly understand what the label privacy policy means. The aim of this course will be to examine this crucial but misunderstood aspect of modern life. You will learn how to read privacy policies, how to understand their strategic business purposes within the internet industry, and how to think about the implications for society when the key rules of surveillance and privacy are hidden from all but a relative few. You will also work with others in the class to create and carry out a survey of college students' understanding of privacy policies. There will be one exam and a paper related to the survey.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN FILM 1900-1945", number:"null", id:"37862", path:"/courses/37862", description:"This course presents the Russian contribution to world cinema before WWII - nationalization of the film industry in post revolutionary Russia, the creation of institutions of higher education in filmmaking, film theory, experimentation with the cinematic language, and the social and political reflex of cinema. Major themes and issues involve: the invention of montage, Kuleshov effect, the means of visual propaganda and the cinematic component to the communist cultural revolutions, party ideology and practices of social-engineering, cinematic response to the emergence of the totalitarian state. Great filmmaker and theorist in discussion include Vertov, Kuleshov, Eisenstein, Pudovkin, Medvedkin and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gender and Sexuality in Contemporary Eastern Europe", number:"null", id:"44032", path:"/courses/44032", description:"The region of Central and Eastern Europe is a fascinating place to examine questions of gender and sexuality in a non-US context. Stretching from Montenegro on the Adriatic Sea to Estonia on the Baltic, these diverse countries are now mostly members of the European Union and NATO and share common 20th century experiments with various forms of state socialism. Through a combination of scholarly articles and literary fiction, this course will examine the changing status of women during and after the fall of communism, shifting constructions of masculinity, and the emergence of LGBT movements and communities in the post-socialist space. Specific topics will include: the woman question before 1989; gender and emerging nationalisms; neoliberal precarity, visual representations in television and film; social movements and radical politics; work; spirituality; and philosophical investigations into the culturally constructed concepts of 'freedom' and 'human rights' in post-authoritarian states. All readings and assignments are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUGUST WILSON AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"40890", path:"/courses/40890", description:"The purpose of this course is to engage students in the rigorous process of mining experiences for material that can be transformed into a public performance piece. In-class writing, group discussions, and field work in the Philadelphia area. AUGUST WILSON AND BEYOND. The people need to know the story. See how they fit into it. See what part they play. - August Wilson, King Hedley II. In this seminar, students will read groundbreaking playwright August Wilson's 20th Century Cycle: ten plays that form an iconic picture of African American traumas, triumphs, and traditions through the decades, told through the lens of Pittsburgh's Hill District neighborhood. Other readings include supporting material on Wilson's work and African American theatre, the works of contemporary playwrights whom Wilson has influenced (such as Suzan-Lori Parks and Tarell Alvin McCraney), and context on Penn's relationship with West Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"37539", path:"/courses/37539", description:"MGMT801 is the foundation course in the Entrepreneurial Management program. Thepurpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth. While most of the examples in class will be drawn from new venture formation, the principles also apply to entrepreneurship in corporate settings and to non-profit entrepreneurship. We will be concerned with content and process questions as well as with formulation and implementation issues that relate to conceptualizing, developing and managing successful new ventures. The emphasis in this course is on applying and synthesizing concepts and techniques from functional areas of strategic management, finance, accounting, managerial economics, marketing, operations management, and organizational behavior in the context of new venture development. The class serves as both a stand alone class and as a preparatory course to those interested in writing and implementing a business plan (the subject of the semester-long course, MGMT 806). Course is offered in Fall/Q1, Q2 and Spring/Q3, Q4 

Format: Lectures and case discussions 

Requirements: Class participation, interim assignments, final project 

MGMT801 Simulation version. Just as in the other 801 classes, your final team project will involve developing a pitch for a new business (you can work across sections with groups doing the standard version of 801), but you will be playing the award-winning Looking Glass entrepreneurship simulation rather than doing individual reaction papers. The Looking Glass simulation is an intense and fun 3-week simulation that is played outside of class and gives you the chance to experience what running a startup company is like. The simulation takes more time during the three weeks it runs, thought total time commitments are the same across both class versions. The material covered is the same as in the standard version of MGMT 801, and follows the same schedule.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST MID EAST SINCE 1800", number:"null", id:"37310", path:"/courses/37310", description:"A survey of the modern Middle East with special emphasis on the experiences of ordinary men and women as articulated in biographies, novels, and regional case studies. Issues covered include the collapse of empires and the rise of a new state system following WWI, and the roots and consequences of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, the Iranian revolution and the U.S.-Iraq War. Themes include: the colonial encounter with Europe and the emergence of nationalist movements, the relationship between state and society, economic development and international relations, and religion and cultural identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARIS IN FILM", number:"null", id:"35835", path:"/courses/35835", description:"See the Romance Languages Department's website at http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml for a current description.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IRAN CINEMA:GEND/POL/REL", number:"null", id:"36197", path:"/courses/36197", description:"This seminar explores Iranian culture, society, history and politics through the medium of film. We will examine a variety of cinematic works that represent the social, political, economic and cultural circumstances of contemporary Iran, as well as the diaspora. Along the way, we will discuss issues pertaining to gender, religion, nationalism, ethnicity, and the role of cinema in Iranian society and beyond. Discussions topics will also include the place of the Iranian diaspora in cinema, as well as the transnational production, distribution, and consumption of Iranian cinema. Films will include those by internationally acclaimed filmmakers, such as Rakhshan Bani-Etemad, Asghar Farhadi, Bahman Ghobadi, Abbas Kiarostami, Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Dariush Mehrjui, Tahmineh Milani, Jafar Panahi, Marjane Satrapi and others. All films will be subtitled in English. No prior knowledge is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced Nutrition: Molecular Basis of Nutrition Science", number:"null", id:"41857", path:"/courses/41857", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH & ENTRPSHIP INDIA", number:"null", id:"39137", path:"/courses/39137", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: AMERICAN INDEPENDENTS", number:"null", id:"36906", path:"/courses/36906", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film Practice intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO QUANT MECH", number:"null", id:"41990", path:"/courses/41990", description:"An introduction to the principles of quantum mechanics designed for physics majors and graduate students in physics-related disciplines. The Schrodinger equation operator formalism, central field problem, angular momentum, and spin.Application to one-dimensional and central field problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN ENVIRONMENTS:SPEAKING ABOUT LEAD IN WEST PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"39917", path:"/courses/39917", description:"Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities, impaired hearing, behavioral problems, and at very high levels, seizures, coma and even death. Children up to the age of six are especially at risk because of their developing systems; they often ingest lead chips and dust while playing in their home and yards.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC IN URBAN SPACES", number:"null", id:"36177", path:"/courses/36177", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small sitting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:// www.college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php. Fulfills Cross Cultural Analysis Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO HUMAN EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"43684", path:"/courses/43684", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TWENTIETH-CENTURY POETRY NOT FROM THE U.S.", number:"null", id:"42665", path:"/courses/42665", description:"From abstraction to beat, from socialism to negritude, from expressionism to ecopoetry, from surrealism to visual poetry, from collage to digital poetry, the poetry of the twentieth century has been characterized by both the varieties of its forms and the range of its practitioners. This course will offer a broad overview of many of the major trends and a few minor eddies in the immensely rich, wonderfully varied, ideologically and aesthetically charged field. The course will cover many of the radical poetry movements and individual innovations, along with the more conventional and idiosyncratic work, and will provide examples of political, social, ethnic, and national poetries, both in the Americas and Europe, and beyond to the rest of the world. While most of the poetry covered will be in English, works in translation, and indeed the art of translation, will be an essential component the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"41249", path:"/courses/41249", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC INNOV & SOC ENTRPRSE", number:"null", id:"40308", path:"/courses/40308", description:"This course introduces you to the world of social enterprise, a world that is becoming increasingly important as society experiments with a variety of business and organizational models designed to provide products and services with a strong social impact mission behind them and as you and others search for ways to develop careers that have greater personal and social meaning. The organizations we will examine may be nominally 'for-profit', 'not-for-profit' or NGOs, but what they share is commitment both to a social impact mission and to a set of disciplined, sophisticated financial and management practices. They are led by individuals who themselves are both committed to the mission of the enterprise and who recognize the importance of demonstrably effective business models. And in the mix is the role of innovation, of developing new approaches, new models, and/or new technologies in service of better realizing the social mission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: BREAST FEEDING & HUMAN LACTATION", number:"null", id:"44643", path:"/courses/44643", description:"Human milk is recognized universally as the optimal diet for newborn infants. The health benefits of breastfeeding are so significant that a National Health Objective set forth by the Surgeon General of the United States for the year 2010 is to increase the proportion of mothers who breastfeed their babies in the postpartum period. Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course will provide an in depth examination of the anatomy and physiology of lactation, essential aspects of establishing and maintaining lactation, and the nurses' role in counseling the breastfeeding family. Emphasis will be placed on current research findings in the content area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URB UNIV-COMMUNITY REL: Faculty-Student Collaborative Action Seminar in Urban Univ-Comm Relations", number:"null", id:"40772", path:"/courses/40772", description:"One of the goals of this seminar is to help students develop their capacity to solve strategic, real-world problems by working collaboratively in the classroom, on campus, and in the West Philadelphia community. Research teams help contribute to the improvement of education on campus and in the community, as well as the improvement of university-community relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HINDU MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42100", path:"/courses/42100", description:"Premodern India produced some of the world's greatest myths and stories: tales of gods, goddesses, heroes, princesses, kings and lovers that continue to capture the imaginations of millions of readers and hearers. In this course, we will look closely at some of these stories especially as found in Purana-s, great compendia composed in Sanskrit, including the chief stories of the central gods of Hinduism: Visnu, Siva, and the Goddess. We will also consider the relationship between these texts and the earlier myths of the Vedas and the Indian Epics, the diversity of the narrative and mythic materials within and across different texts, and the re-imagining of these stories in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOW TO READ THE BIBLE", number:"null", id:"43443", path:"/courses/43443", description:"While the Bible may be the most read text in the world, it is not clear that anyone understands what it actually means. Secular scholars read the Bible as they would any other ancient document, trying to understand who wrote it and what it reveals about the past, but that is not how the Bible is understood by hundreds of millions of readers who embrace it as a message from God and read its contents not just to learn about the past but to understand what the meaning of life is, how to be a good person, and where the world is headed. How is it that the Bible is read in such different ways by the secular and the religious? Who is right in the struggle over its meaning, and how does one go about deciphering that meaning in the first place?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & BEHAVIORAL CARE PLANNING & INTERVENTION FOR AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORD", number:"null", id:"43253", path:"/courses/43253", description:"Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course focuses on the application of various treatment approaches to the management of acute and chronic problems of autism spectrum disorder. Approaches to behavioral, psychological and medical co-morbidities are explored, practiced and evaluated. Students' clinical experiences build on the previous semester and continue with the application of class instruction to patient and family care. The student works closely with behaviorists, psychologists and occupational therapists to integrate nursing care planning with other services. This case approach continues, and exposure to a second family is added to expand learning opportunities and develop nursing services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CANCER CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45113", path:"/courses/45113", description:"This course will focus on the molecular mechanisms by which fundamental cellular processes are disrupted in the development of cancer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Culture, Sexuality and GlobalHealth", number:"null", id:"35884", path:"/courses/35884", description:"What, if anything, is global in'global health'? Whatever this field might be, it is more often than not actively produced through a range of conflicting ethical commitments of multiple expert cultures, social movements and laypersons. This course explores critical themes in the historical and sociocultural study of global health. Students will engage a number of disciplinary perspectives within the social sciences including the history, sociology, and anthropology of science, and we will pay particular attention to feminist, queer, and postcolonial science studies perspectives. Throughout, we will consider how both global and local cultural transformations have shaped the emergence of this multidisciplinary field of study. To understand the complexity of global health, students will engage with a number of theoretical and ethnographic texts while questioning its stability and coherence as a self-same object given its interdisciplinary character. In doing so, we will explore the ways in which diverse sets of interests converge to constitute as well as contest the ever-shifting boundaries of global health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL POL. ECON", number:"null", id:"40577", path:"/courses/40577", description:"This course examines the politics of international economic relations. The course will analyze the interplay between politics and economics in three broad areas: international trade, international finance, and economic development. In each section, we will first discuss economic theories that explain the causes and consequences of international commerce, capital flows, and economic growth. We will then explore how political interests, institutions, and ideas alter these predictions, examining both historical examples and current policy debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35433", path:"/courses/35433", description:"This course will explain in non-mathematical terms how essentially all biological properties are determined by the microscopic chemical properties of proteins. It will also explain how research results, especially those of structural biology, are presented to its various audiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE URDU II", number:"null", id:"36625", path:"/courses/36625", description:"This continuing second-year course allows students to continue improving their Urdu proficiency while also gaining a broad foundational understanding of Urdu society and culture throughout South Asia. The course provides students the tools needed to handle a variety of authentic written and spoken Urdu sources including film, music, media reports, folk tales, and simple literature. Students will also continue to increase their speaking and writing proficiency to be able to discuss a broad range of concrete, real-world topics. The course is designed for students with one year of previous Urdu or Hindi study or the equivalent proficiency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Art of Speaking: Comm Within the Curriculum Speaking Advisor Training", number:"null", id:"43945", path:"/courses/43945", description:"This course is designed to equip students with the major tenets of rhetorical studies and peer education necessary to work as a CWiC speaking advisor. The course is a practicum that aims to develop students' abilities as speakers, as critical listeners and as advisors able to help others develop those abilities. In addition to creating and presenting individual presentations, students present workshops and practice advising. During this ABCS course, students will practice their advising skills by coaching and mentoring students at a public school in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEACHING RESIDENCY: NURSING DOCTORAL TEACHING RESIDENCY: SOMMERS", number:"null", id:"39111", path:"/courses/39111", description:"The purpose of this required one semester teaching residency is to enhance the expertise of students in the role of educator. The residency will be tailored to the student's individual learning needs. At the minimum, students with no or minimal prior teaching experience will gain a beginning level of expertise in course planning, course evaluation, dealing with difficult student situations, test construction, paper assignment construction and grading, content delivery methods, as well as other aspects of the faculty teaching role. Students with more extensive teaching experience will tailor their residences with their residency supervisor to enhance their expertise in these various areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH SERVICES SYS", number:"null", id:"41522", path:"/courses/41522", description:"This course provides an overview of the evolution, structure and current issues in the health care system. It examines the unique features of health care as a product, and the changing relationships between patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, employers, communities, and government. The course examines three broad segments of the health care industry: payors, providers and suppliers. Within the payor segment, the course examines the sources and destinations of spending, managed care (HMOs, PPOs),employer based health insurance, technology assessment, payor strategy, and efforts to pay for the elderly, the poor & the medically indigent. Within the provider segment, the course examines the impact of cost containment and competition on hospitals and integrated delivery systems, long term care and disease management, and the important role of epidemiology in assessing population health needs and risks. Within the supplier segment, the course will examine developments in the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, medical devices, genomics and IT industries. NOTE: This is a required course for Wharton Graduate Health Care Management majors; it counts as an elective course for all other Wharton Graduate students. It is also open to Law School and Nursing School students with a joint Wharton Program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"41648", path:"/courses/41648", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Le Francais dans le Monde/French in the World", number:"null", id:"42851", path:"/courses/42851", description:"Where adn how is French spoken in the world? Which variety (or varieties) of French represents 'good' or standard language use? What does it mean to have an accent or to experience linguistic insecurity? To what extent have political forces and movements historically affected the evolution of French? How do language attitudes differ among French- and English-speaking regions of the world and what is the status of French in an era of globalization? In what ways does language shape our identities? Le Francais dans le monde/French in the World examines these questions by providing a survey of the sociolinguistics of the French language in the contemporary world. We will explore how societal changges influence the manner and the contexts in which the French language is spoken. Case studies focus on various parts of the Francophone world, including Europe (Belgium, Switzerland), New World (Quebec, Caribbean, Louisiana), Africa (North Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa), etc. Readings and class discussions are in French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"45162", path:"/courses/45162", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 611. Some areas of financial management not covered in FNCE 611 are covered in FNCE 726. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning, and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 611 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 726. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING I", number:"null", id:"36664", path:"/courses/36664", description:"This course revisits topics covered in Introductory Financial Accounting (Accounting 101), with a focus on the asset side of the balance sheet: Cash, accounts and notes receivable, inventory, marketable securities, equity investments, PPE, and intangibles. The course also covers revenue and expense recognition issues, and generally accepted accounting principles that affect the format and presentation of the financial statements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS SEM PSYCH", number:"null", id:"44855", path:"/courses/44855", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in psychology. A two-semester sequence supporting the preparation of an honors thesis in psychology. Students will present their work in progress and develop skills in written and oral communication of scientific ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL METROPOLIS", number:"null", id:"42213", path:"/courses/42213", description:"Although we no longer think of most U.S. cities as industrial cities, metropolitan areas today are all products of industrial economies, technologies, and social systems. This course explores the industrialization and deindustrialization of American cities within their evolving global context from the era of European colonization to the present. It includes weekly readings and discussion, regular response papers and walking tours, in- class exercises, and a research paper using primary sources. Themes include energy and ecology, labor and production, inner city and suburban development, globalization, and economic restructuring. Ultimately, the class aims to give students a broad knowledge of 1) the history of industrial capitalism, 2) its effects on cities and regions over the past three centuries, and 3) analytical tools for understanding the past, present, and future of metropolitan economies, geography, and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. TO LITERARY STUDY: GLOBAL NOVEL", number:"null", id:"44050", path:"/courses/44050", description:"Literature does not exist for your protection. So dangerous is it, that Socrates argued poets ought to be banned from his ideal Republic. And Socrates himself--one of the most subversive of all poetic thinkers--was condemned to death for corrupting the young with his speeches. All great literature is unsettling and alarming. Along with its beauty and delicacy and rhetorical power and ethical force, it can be terrifyingly sublime and even downright ugly: full of contempt and horror and grandiosity and malice. From Socrates' day to our own, countless writers have been jailed, exiled, and murdered, their works censored, banned, burned, for daring to say what others wish would remain unsaid--about religion and the State; sexuality, gender, and the body; art, science, and commerce; freedom and order; love and hate--and for saying it in ways that are aesthetically innovative, surprising, seductive, ravishingly unanticipated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY EAST AND WEST", number:"null", id:"41960", path:"/courses/41960", description:"Our goal in this course is to bring Western Philosophy and Eastern Philosophy into dialogue. Topics we will cover include skepticism and knowledge, ethics and the good life, moral responsibility and personal relationships, and political obligations and justice. Do the Western and Eastern philosophical traditions approach these topics in the same way? Do they even share an understanding of what the problems and issues at stake are? And what can we learn from comparative philosophy? This freshman seminar does not presuppose prior knowledge of philosophy. Examples of authors we will study include Descartes, Aristotle, Mencius, and Confucius.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSICS & AMER GOVT", number:"null", id:"36959", path:"/courses/36959", description:"Before the universities established public-service programs in the twentieth century, many Americans prepared themselves for public life by studying Greek and Latin authors in school and college. In this course, using English translations, students survey an eighteenth-century classical curriculum and trace its influence in the political activity of Madison and others who guided the development of American governmental instituitons.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"44015", path:"/courses/44015", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to econometric techniques and their applications in economic analysis and decision-making. The main objective of the course is to train the student in (i) handling economic data; (ii) quantitative analyses of economic models with probabilistic tools; (iii) econometric techniques, their application as well as their statistical and practical interpretation; (iv) implementing these techniques on a computer. Estimation and inference procedures are formally analyzed for simple econometric models and illustrated by empirical case studies using real-life data. The course covers linear regression models, simultaneous-equations models, discrete choice models and univariate time series models. Estimation and Inference is conducted using least squares and likelihood based techniques. Students are required to perform several econometric analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"35347", path:"/courses/35347", description:"Final semester of a two year sequence designed to integrate real world experiences into various Bioengineering and Bioengineering Science courses. It is required for only BSE majors. It is intended for the spring semester of the Junior year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Fantastic Voyage from Homer to Science Fiction", number:"null", id:"38639", path:"/courses/38639", description:"Please see the French website for the course description. http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/french/undergraduate/courses.html", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PUBLIC ENVIRONMENT OF CITIES: AN INTRO TO THE URBAN LANDSCAPE", number:"null", id:"43587", path:"/courses/43587", description:"This course will explore the role of public spaces - streets, boulevards, parks and squares - in cities and their social uses. With the University of Pennsylvania campus and the City of Philadelphia serving as our laboratory, we will critically examine the evolution of the movement of corridors, open space and buildings of the urban landscape and their changing uses. Case studies of social spaces on campus and public open spaces in Center City will help inform our understanding of how public environment serves, well or poorly, the varying needs of diverse users. While graphic skills are not required, graphic means as well as writing will be employed to communicate critical thought, ideas, and conclusions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"45180", path:"/courses/45180", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV RUSSIAN FOR BUSINESS", number:"null", id:"44902", path:"/courses/44902", description:"This advanced language course focuses on developing effective oral and written communication skills for working in a Russian-speaking business environment. Students will discuss major aspects of Russian business today and learn about various Russian companies using material from the current Russian business press. In addition, students will be engaged in a number of creative projects, such as business negotiation simulations, and simulation of creating a company in Russia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING HINDI-URDU II", number:"null", id:"44301", path:"/courses/44301", description:"This introductory course core proficiency in Hindi-Urdu up to the intermediate level. It is designed for students with little or no prior exposure to Hindi or Urdu. The course covers all four language skills (speaking, lsitening, reading, and writing) and all three models of communication (interpersonal, presentational, interpretive). Students will develop literacy skills in the primary script of their choice (Hindi or Urdu script). All written materials will be provided in both scripts. All meetings are interactive and students acquire the language by using it in realistic contexts. Culture is embedded in the activities and is also introduced through various authentic materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGY OF LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"36426", path:"/courses/36426", description:"This course describes the nature of human language, how it is used to speak and comprehend, and how it is learned. The course raises and discusses issues such as whether language ability is innate and unique to humans, whether there is a critical period for the acquisition of a language, and how linguistic and conceptual knowledge interact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS VISUAL STUDIES?", number:"null", id:"39435", path:"/courses/39435", description:"Visual Studies 301 is a seminar-format course that challenges students to develop independent ideas about how the eye, the mind and the image that is created therein, all work together to inform our conception of the world at large. Rather than present a unified viewpoint, the course asks the question, 'What is visual studies?' by examining parallel and sometimes antagonistic approaches to the ways that human beings understand sight and the concept of visuality. Over the course of the semester, students will discuss and write about various approaches to vision, examining this contested field through the lenses of several disciplines -- including psychology, philosophy, and art history. By parsing and assimilating diverse ideas, students will decide for themselves what are the most pertinent and relevant approaches to the various avenues of research that present themselves in the emerging interdisciplinary field of Visual Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Religious Conflict in France from the Crusades to the Headscarf Ban", number:"null", id:"35832", path:"/courses/35832", description:"How did France go from a nation with a monarch styled the Most Christian King", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HISTORY ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"37383", path:"/courses/37383", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36864", path:"/courses/36864", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 100.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICA AND THE WORLD", number:"null", id:"37803", path:"/courses/37803", description:"This course is designed to develop your critical reading and writing skills in the areas of international relations and contemporary history. You are expected to take charge of your learning, engaging with each other and the instructor in a process of knowledge creation through practice, inquiry, deliberation, criticism, and problem solving. You will produce three peices of analytical writing. These are complementary and cumulative assignments that, combined, will enhance your understading of the nature, purpose, and future of U.S. hegemony or global dominance. This is the issue, arguably, at the core of debate today about US foreign policy or grand strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG IN OIL,GAS&COAL", number:"null", id:"44105", path:"/courses/44105", description:"While conventional wisdom is that the world is running out of fossil fuels, technical advances such as deep water production, directional drilling, hydrofracturing, and the refining of non-conventional crude oil sources has increased the resource base significantly and there are well over 100 years of reserves of oil, natural gas and coal. The effect of technology advances has been most profound in the United States, where net energy imports are projected to fall to 12% of consumption by 2020. Excellent, highly technical careers are available in these industries, with opportunities to reduce their impact on the environment and in particular on climate change. The course will cover engineering technology in oil, natural gas and coal from production through end use. It will equip graduating students with the knowledge to contribute in these industries and to participate in informed debate about them", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Applied Physiology for Nurse Anesthesia III", number:"null", id:"44683", path:"/courses/44683", description:"This course is an in-depth analysis of the chemical and physical principles as they apply to nurse anesthesia practice. Aspects of organic and biochemistry including the chemical structures of compounds and its significance in pharmacology will be explored. Applications of the laws of physics as they pertain to nurse anesthesia practice will be reviewed with specific examples. Emphasis on the dynamics of the anesthesia delivery system and related equipment will be presented.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE FOUNDATIONS", number:"null", id:"41149", path:"/courses/41149", description:"This course introduces basic concepts and techniques in the foundational study of programming languages. The central theme is the view of programs and programming languages as mathematical objects for which precise claims may be made and proved. Particular topics include operational techniques for formal definition of language features, type systems and type safety properties, polymorphism, constructive logic, and the Coq proof assistant. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective. Undergraduates who have satisfied the prerequisites are welcome to enroll. No permission from the instructor is needed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SCIENTIFIC COMP", number:"null", id:"39901", path:"/courses/39901", description:"This course will provide an introduction to computation and data analysis using MATLAB - an industry standard programming and visualization environment. The course will cover the fundamentals of computing including: variables, functions, decisions, iteration, and recursion. These concepts will be illustrated through examples and assignments which show how computing is applied to various scienti?c and engineering problems. Examples will be drawn from the simulation of physical and chemical systems, the analysis of experimental data, Monte Carlo numerical experiments, image processing, and the creation of graphical user interfaces. This course does not assume any prior programming experience but will make use of basic concepts from calculus and Newtonian physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR CLASSICAL CHIN II", number:"null", id:"35582", path:"/courses/35582", description:"Continuation of CHIN491 EALC221/621, which is the only prerequisite for this course. Upon completion of Shadick, readings in a wide selection of texts with Chinese commentaries may be taken up. These readings are in part chosen to reflect student interest. This is the second half of a year-long course. Those who enroll must take both semesters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFO & BUS TRANSFRM", number:"null", id:"40499", path:"/courses/40499", description:"Information technology has transformed many industries, including media, financial services, and retailing, among others. These technologies ahve changed not only how we produce services (e.g., outsourcing and offshoring, and their newest extension, cloud computing) but what services we offer (virtual experiences, online advertising, long tail products and services, and social networking). The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of how information technologies enable transformation of business models within existing organizations as well as the development of completely new business models and new organizational forms. The course will serve as an introductory course on information technologies and will serve as a foundation on which students can explore more advanced technology concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LAT AM & LATINO ST", number:"null", id:"37308", path:"/courses/37308", description:"Designed to introduce students to the interdisciplinary field of Latin American and Latino Studies, this is a seminar oriented toward first and second year students. Readings will range widely, from scholarly work on the colonial world that followed from and pushed back against the 'conquest'; to literary and artistic explorations of Latin American identities; to social scientists' explorations of how Latinos are changing the United States in the current generation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Indian Philosophy: Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism", number:"null", id:"39298", path:"/courses/39298", description:"This course will take the student through the major topics of Indian philosophy by first introducing the fundamental concepts and terms that are necessary for a deeper understanding of themes that pervade the philosophical literature of India -- arguments for and against the existence of God, for example, the ontological status of external objects, the means of valid knowledge, standardsof proof, the discourse on the aims of life. The readings will emphasize classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain philosophical articulations (from 700 B.C.Eto 16th century CE) but we will also supplement our study of these materials with contemporary or relatively recent philosophical writings in modern India.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEATRE WORKSHOP: Contemporary Dance Performance Practice", number:"null", id:"39397", path:"/courses/39397", description:"This course will examine a specific aspect of theatrical practice, taught by a visiting professional theatre artist. The course, with different topics, may be repeated for credit. Recent topics have included performance art, Jacques LeCoq technique, Suzuki, and Viewpoints.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN INT'L RELATIONS:                            COUNTERINTELLIGENCE", number:"null", id:"42982", path:"/courses/42982", description:"Topics in International Relations focuses on specialized issues, practical or applied approaches, policy and other topics of contemporary relevance in modern study of international relations. These are experimental or occasionally offered classes. Past topics of included US Foreign Policy and the Arab Spring, the Iraq Wars, Secret Intelligence & American Democracy, Counterintelligence, Homeland Security, the US & South Asia Cold War and New Alignments, and Think Tanks and Global Governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS GERMAN CINEMA: FRITZ LANG", number:"null", id:"38685", path:"/courses/38685", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film History intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY MARKETS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"38188", path:"/courses/38188", description:"Over the last several decades, energy markets have become some of the most dynamic markets of the world economy. Traditional fossil fuel and electricity markets have been seen a partial shift from heavy regulation to market-driven incentives, while rising environmental concerns have led to a wide array of new regulations and 'environmental markets'. The growth of renewable energy could be another source of rapid change, but brings with it a whole new set of tecnological and policy challenges. This changing energy landscape requires quick adaptation from energy companies, but also offers opportunities to turn regulations into new business. The objective of this course is to provide students with the economist's perspectibve ona broad range of topics that professionals in the energy industry will encounter. Topics include the effect of competition, market power and scarcity on energy prices, the impact of deregulation on electricity and fossil fuel markets, extraction and pricing of oil and gas, uncertainty and geopolitical risk in hydocargbon investments, the environmental impact and policies related to the energy sector, environmental cap-and-trade markets, energy efficiency, the economics and finance of renewable energy, and recent developments in the transportaiton sector.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR CAPSTONE SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"39525", path:"/courses/39525", description:"ANTH 300 is a Capstone Seminar for anthropology majors in their senior year. It defines the Penn anthropology major by bringing together and inter-relating major threads from the different subfields of the Penn anthropology curriculum. Each session includes contributions from members of the standing faculty and seminar discussions of a research theme in which anthropological knowledge is currently progressing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIBLE IN TRANSLATION: BIBLE IN TRANSLTN:KINGS", number:"null", id:"40401", path:"/courses/40401", description:"Spring 2015:The Book of Isaiah spans over two centuries and documents one of the most turbulent periods in the histories of Judah and Israel. In this course, we read Isaiah's prophecies in the context of their historical settings and in consideration of their theological implications. We will align the biblical texts to ancient artifacts and inscriptions that were created during the time of the prophet. A close reading of the text will allow us to appreciate Isaiah's message of peace and salvation. We can then ask: how is Isaiah's message relevant for us today?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"History of the Human Voice in Western Europe: 1790-1930", number:"null", id:"35570", path:"/courses/35570", description:"Topics vary annually. Topic for Spring 2015 is: 'History of the Human Voice in Western Europe, 1790 - 1930'.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT'L LAW & INSTITUTIONS", number:"null", id:"43380", path:"/courses/43380", description:"This lecture course examines the role that international law and institutions play in international relations. The course begins by exploring broad theoretical questions - questions about why states create international law and international institutions; how states design institutions; the impact that institutional design may have on the effectiveness of international institutions; and the conditions under which states are likely to comply with the rules set out by international institutions and the dictates of international law. Specific topics include collective security institutions such as the League of Nations, the United Nations, and NATO; human rights law; the laws of war; international intervention and peacekeeping; international justice and the International Criminal Court; environmental law; international trade law and the World Trade Organization; economic development and the World Bank; and international finance and the role of the International Monetary Fund.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ORG CHEM: Principles of Organic Chemistry with applications in Biomedical sciences", number:"null", id:"43863", path:"/courses/43863", description:"This course is functionally equivalent to Chem 242 as the second term of introductory Organic Chemistry, placing the content in the context of biology and medicine. Topics include: 1) alkyl compounds, ethers, epoxides and sulfidesin lipids; 2) carboxylic acids and amines in amino acids; 3) aromatic compounds and heterocycles in nucleic acids; and 4) ketones and aidehydes in carbohydrates. The synthesis and mechanism of action of pharmaceuticals that feature these functional groups will also be discussed. Additionally, Chem 243 makes use of 3D structure tutorials, recitation sections and visits from biomedical scientists who make use of chemistry in their work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AFRICAN LIT: SOUTH AFRICAN LIT & FILM", number:"null", id:"39897", path:"/courses/39897", description:"This course is based on a selection of representative texts written in English, as well as a few texts in English translation. It involves, a study of themes relating to social change and the persistence of cultural traditions, followed by an attempt at sketching the emergence of literary tradition by identifying some of the formal conventions of established writers in their use of old forms and experiments with new.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCHASTIC PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"43538", path:"/courses/43538", description:"An introduction to Stochastic Processes. The primary focus is on Markov Chains, Martingales and Gaussian Processes. We will discuss many interesting applications from physics to economics. Topics may include: simulations of path functions, game theory and linear programming, stochastic optimization, Brownian Motion and Black-Scholes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing, Social Media and E-Commerce", number:"null", id:"41771", path:"/courses/41771", description:"MKTG 770 explores the digital marketing environment from both a consumer and business perspective. The course provides an overview of various online business models and delves into digital advertising and social media marketing techniques and technologies. A mixture of case studies, guest speakers and assignments, including one that uses real advertising data, translates theory into practice. It is recommended that students enrolling in the course be comfortable using Excel and are knowledgeable in applying regression analysis techniques. Students who would prefer a less technical course may wish to take MKTG 727, Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce, a half cu course offered by the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSICAL LIFE IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"39002", path:"/courses/39002", description:"This course surveys American musical life from the colonial period to the present. Beginning with the music of Native Americans, the European legacy, and the African Diaspora, the course treats the singular social and political milieu that forged the profile of America's musical landscape. Attention will be given to the establishment of the culture industry and to various activities such as sacred music, parlor music, concert and theater music, the cultivation of oral traditions, the appearance of jazz, the trajectory of western art music in the United States, and the eventual global dominance of American popular music. Music 070 prerequisite. Preference given to music Majors and Minors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. MOLEC. BIOL. LAB", number:"null", id:"36819", path:"/courses/36819", description:"An intensive introductory laboratory course emphasizing how molecular biology has revolutionized our understanding of cell and organism functions. BIOL 121 and 123 should be taken concurrently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"41582", path:"/courses/41582", description:"This course explores the medical consequences of the interaction between Europe and the 'non- West.' It focuses on three parts of the world Europeans colonized: Africa, South Asia, and Latin America. Today's healing practices in these regions grew out of the interaction between the medical traditions of the colonized and those of the European colonizers. We therefore explore the nature of the interactions. What was the history of therapeutic practices that originated in Africa or South Asia? How did European medical practices change in the colonies? What were the effects of colonial racial and gender hierarchies on medical practice? How did practitioners of 'non-Western' medicine carve out places for themselves? How did they redefine ancient traditions? How did patients find their way among multiple therapeutic traditions? How does biomedicine take a different shape when it is practiced under conditions of poverty, or of inequalities in power? How do today's medical problems grow out of this history? This is a fascinating history of race and gender, of pathogens and conquerors, of science and the body. It tells about the historical and regional roots of today's problems in international medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP", number:"null", id:"45216", path:"/courses/45216", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71). Fulfills College Formal Reasoning and Analysis Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHNOHIST OF NTV NE: ETHNOHISTORY OF THE NATIVE NORTHEAST", number:"null", id:"38102", path:"/courses/38102", description:"Ethnohistory is a multi-disciplinary form of ethnographic study and documentary research that employs both anthropological and historical approaches. This course examines the foundations of the ethnohistorical method as a means to interpret cross-cultural colonial interactions and conflicts, and to better understand the complex histories of Native American Indian peoples from Pennsylvania and northward and eastward. Students will develop skills and strategies for interpreting and contextualizing primary and secondary source materials, oral traditions, colonial records, historical maps, and material culture. Hands-on study will include visits to local archives and historical sites to view relevant documents and landscapes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGENCE OF EUROPE", number:"null", id:"37305", path:"/courses/37305", description:"This course traces the formation of European society, politics and culture from its earliest days through the era of the Reformation, ca. 1000-1600 CE. Major themes will include: politics and power; law and the state; economics and trade; religion; learning and the rise of universities; social organization; everyday life. The reading and analysis of primary sources from each era will be important in understanding Europe's key features and development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TELUGU I", number:"null", id:"42193", path:"/courses/42193", description:"This course introduces students to the basic Telugu language skills, with an emphasis on practice for listening comprehension, and speaking Telugu. Combined with exposure to Andhra culture, the classroom and online work in this course will enable interested students to pursue further language study in Telugu at the intermediate level, to carry out field research in Andhra Pradesh, or to prepare them to advanced work in Telugu Studies. An introduction to Telugu like this will also be useful for students who just want to acquire basic Telugu language skills for learning a new language or being able to communicate with Telugu speaking family and friends or to enjoy Telugu music and films.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POPULATION AND PUBLIC HEALTH IN EASTERN EUROPE", number:"null", id:"44033", path:"/courses/44033", description:"Since the collapse of communism in 1989 in Eastern Europe (and 1991 in the Soviet Union), many of the countries in the region have experienced public health crises and demographic catastrophe. Below replacement fertility rates and massive out migration have decimated the populations of these countries even as populations age and place unsustainable strains on pension systems and medical services. The demographic collapse has also been accompanied by falling male life expectancy and the rise of alcoholism, depression, domestic violence, and suicide. The economic exigencies of the transition from communism to capitalism dismantled welfare states at the exact moment when health services were most needed, leaving charities and nongovernmental organization to try to fill in the gaps. Through a combination of readings from the fields of epidemiology, demography, and medical anthropology, this course examines the public health implications of poverty and social dislocation in post-communist states. All readings and assignments are in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESE RESEARCH METH LAB", number:"null", id:"38519", path:"/courses/38519", description:"Students contract with a faculty mentor to conduct scaffolded original research in a topic of mutual interest. Prepare project report on research findings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING DIVERSITY IN ORG: Leading Diversity in Organizations", number:"null", id:"41736", path:"/courses/41736", description:"People in the workplace are constantly interacting with peers, managers, and customers with very different backgrounds and experiences. When harnessed effectively, these differences can be the catalyst for creative breakthroughs and the pathway to team and organizational learning and effectiveness; but when misunderstood, these differences can challenge employees' values, performance, workplace relationships, and team effectiveness. This course is designed to help students navigate diverse organizational settings more effectively and improve their ability to work within and lead diverse teams and organizations. It also offers students the opportunity to develop their critical thinking on topics such as identity, relationships across difference, discrimination and bias, equality, and equity in organizations and society and how they relate to organizational issues of power, privilege, opportunity, inclusion,creativity and innovation and organizational effectiveness. Class sessions will be experiential and discussion-based. Readings, self-reflection, guest speakers from organizations, case studies and a final project will also be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN LITERATURE: MODERN AMERICAN POETRY", number:"null", id:"35616", path:"/courses/35616", description:"Freshman Seminars under the title 'Topics in Literature' will afford entering students who are considering literary study as their major the opportunity to explore a particular and limited subject with a professor whose current work lies in that area. Topics may range from the lyric poems of Shakespeare's period to the ethnic fiction of contemporary America. Small class-size will insure all students the opportunity to participate in lively discussions. Students may expect frequent and extensive writing assignments, but these seminars are not writing courses; rather, they are intensive introductions to the serious study of literature. One of them may be counted toward the English major and may be applied to a period, genre, or thematic requirement within the major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKTG FOR SOCIAL IMPACT", number:"null", id:"41761", path:"/courses/41761", description:"Private and public sector firms increasingly use marketing strategies to engage their customers and stakeholders around social impact. To do so, managers need to understand how best to engage and influence customers to behave in ways that have positive social effects. This course focuses on the strategies for changing the behavior of a target segment of consumers on key issues in the public interest (e.g., health behaviors, energy efficiency, poverty reduction, fundraising for social causes). How managers partner with organizations (e.g., non-profits, government) to achieve social impact will also be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IRISH LITERATURE: PROGRESS AND PARALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35625", path:"/courses/35625", description:"This course will provide an introduction to modern Irish literature, focusing on the tension between Ireland's violent history and its heroic mythology. This tension leaves its mark not only on the ravaged landscape, but also on the English language, which displays its 'foreignness' most strongly in the hands of Irish writers. Readings will span the genres of poetry, drama, fiction, and history, and will include works by Sommerville and Ross, Yeats, George Moore, Joyce, Synge, O'Casey, Beckett, Edna O'Brien, and Brian Friel.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEQUENTIAL DRAWING", number:"null", id:"38549", path:"/courses/38549", description:"Sequential drawing instructs in the visualization of story telling through the exploration of visual narrative components (visual iconography, panel- to-panel transition types, picture/word relations) and their application to a narrative through the use of formal drawing techniques (composition, color, perspective, line, form). The class begins with various exercises in paneling, pacing and style development, and concludes with the student applying the concepts and techniques they've acquired to the creation of a graphic novel.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TWO KOREAS: POLIT DIVISN: Two Koreas: The Politics of Division", number:"null", id:"42612", path:"/courses/42612", description:"In today's world, the inter-Korean border or DMZ (demilitarized zone) is widely regarded as one of the most impermeable and conflictual frontiers. The purpose of this course is to explore the dynamics of its formation between, and impact within, the two Koreas. The course therefore proposes to analyze how the division of the Korean peninsula not only came into being but also how it has shaped the socio-political trajectories of both the North and the South since 1945. The course also aims at introducing students to conceptual frameworks and comparative debates relevant to understanding the Korean case(s) from a social science perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE IMPLEMENTATION", number:"null", id:"45207", path:"/courses/45207", description:"This advanced course on entrepreneurship focuses on developing a validated opportunity or concept into a venture that is ready for seed financing and/or launching the product or service. Participants in this course must previously have developed a validated opportunity, either in a previous course or through independent efforts. Students may participate as a team of up to three people. Ideally, participants are commited to pursuing their opportunity commercially, or at least to seriously explore that possibility. The course provides a practical guidance for developing the product or service, forming the entity, raising capital building the team, establishing partnerships, and sourcing professional services. After completing the course, you will be 'pitch ready' - whether submitting to campus venture competitions or to outside investors. Most coursework is focused on applying concepts and frameworks to project tasks in developing the venture. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course. Students must have successfully completed MGMT801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"37915", path:"/courses/37915", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevanat to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40048", path:"/courses/40048", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLACK RAGE:  RACE, AFFECT AND THE POLITICS OF FEELING", number:"null", id:"42717", path:"/courses/42717", description:"This course treats some important aspect of Afican-American literature and culture. Some recent versions of the course have focused on the emergence of African-American women writers, on the relation between African-American literature and cultural studies, and on the Harlem Renaissance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"METEOROLOGY AND ATM SCI: METEOROLOGY AND EARTH'S CLIMATE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"35848", path:"/courses/35848", description:"This course deals with the study of the two main parts of Earth's climate system, the atmosphere and the ocean. It explores, qualitatively and quantitatively,the physical laws, geological and geographical processes, and mass and energy budgets that govern these two parts and their combined influence on Earth's past and present climate. Main topics covered include, but not limited to, properties of air and water; physical balances; equilibrium states; transport of heat and mass; clouds; precipitation; storms; regional and global climate; ozone layer; seasons and climate; weather forecasting; atmospheric optics; ocean currents; ocean bathymetry, salinity, and atmospheric forcing; history of Earth's changing climate in the geologic record, global warming, and how climate impacts humans and how do humans impact climate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEAS", number:"null", id:"41026", path:"/courses/41026", description:"This course will familiarize students with advances in our understanding of the clinical features and pathogenesis of a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, prion diseases, Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonisms, neurodegenerative ataxias, motoneuron diseases, degenerative diseases with chorea, iron and copper disorders, and mitochondrial diseases. Students will analyze original research reports on a range of proposed pathological cellular processes that may represent steps in cell dealth pathways leading to neuron loss seen in these diseases. Significant emphasis will be placed on the fast-expanding fieldexploring genetic contributions to neurodegenerative disease, as identification of genetic mutations pathogenenic for familial neurodegenerative diseases has been a major driving force in neurodegenerative research and pointed researchers towards essential molecular process that may underlie these disorders. Strategies for therapeutic intervention in the management, prevention, and cure of neurodegenerative disease will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC MODEL & SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"42468", path:"/courses/42468", description:"Students will explore current topics in thermodynamics through molecular simulations and molecular modeling. The requisite statistical mechanics will be conveyed as well as the essential simulation techniques (molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo, etc.). Various approaches for calculating experimentally measurable properties will be presented and used in student projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED BIBL HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"44299", path:"/courses/44299", description:"This course is a continuation of the fall semester's Intermediate Biblical Hebrew I. No one will be admitted into the course who has not taken the fall semester. It will continue to focus on using the grammar and vocabulary learned at the introductory level to enable students to read biblical texts independently and take advanced Bible exegesis courses. We will concentrate this semester on various selections of Biblical poetry, including Exodus 15 and Job 28. We will also continue to translate English prose into Biblical Hebrew.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35405", path:"/courses/35405", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASL/DEAF STUDIES - ABCS", number:"null", id:"38851", path:"/courses/38851", description:"For this course, students will attend Pennsylvania School for the Deaf on a weekly basis where they will participate in and contribute to the school community via tutoring or other mutually agreeable activities. Students will also have formal class on a weekly basis with discussions and activities centering on reflection of community experiences through linguistic as well as cultural lenses. Additionally, drawing from the required Linguistics and other ASL/Deaf Studies coursework, students will develop an inquiry question and conduct preliminary community-based research to analyze sociolinguistic variations of ASL and Deaf cultural attitudes, behaviors, and norms. Ongoing reflections and discussions-formal and informal-on Deaf cultural/theoretical topics drawing from readings as well as community experiences will be integral to the course experience. LING 078, Topics in Deaf Culture and permission from the instructor, are required for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCEANOGRAPHY:  Oceans & Climate", number:"null", id:"38664", path:"/courses/38664", description:"The oceans cover over 2/3 of the Earth's surface. This course introduces basic oceanographic concepts such as plate tectonics, marine sediments, physical and chemical properties of seawater, ocean circulation, air-sea interactions, waves, tides, nutrient cycles in the ocean, biology of the oceans, and environmental issues related to the marine environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NARRATIVE ACROSS CULTURES", number:"null", id:"39770", path:"/courses/39770", description:"The purpose of this course is to present a variety of narrative genres and to discuss and illustrate the modes whereby they can be analyzed. We will be looking at shorter types of narrative: short stories, novellas, and fables, and also some extracts from longer works such as autobiographies. While some works will come from the Anglo-American tradition, a larger number will be selected from European and non-Western cultural traditions and from earlier time-periods. The course will thus offer ample opportunity for the exploration of the translation of cultural values in a comparative perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STORYTELLING IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"40899", path:"/courses/40899", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"44721", path:"/courses/44721", description:"Negotiation is the art and the science of creating good agreements between two or more parties. This course develops managerial negotiation skills by mixing lectures and practice, using cases and exercises in which students negotiate with each other. The cases cover a wide range of problems and settings: one-shot deals between individuals, repeated negotiations, negotiations over several issues, and negotiations among several parties (both within and between organizations). Class participation and case studies account for half the course grade. Students will also write about a negotiation experience outside of class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN COMP SCI&ENG: Data-driven Modeling and Probabilistic Scientific Computing", number:"null", id:"44112", path:"/courses/44112", description:"This course is focused on techniques for numerical solutions of ordinary and partial differential equations. The content will include: algorithms and their analysis for ODEs; finite element analysis for elliptic, parabolic and hyperbolic PDEs; approximation theory and error estimates for FEM.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS THESIS WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"43506", path:"/courses/43506", description:"The purpose of this course is to guide senior sociology majors in writing a research proposal for a senior honors thesis. Students will learn about various research approaches, how to write a focused literature review, and kinds of data necessary to answer a wide variety of research questions, including their own. Throughout the course, students will work on designing a research question, generation researchable hypotheses, and coming up with a design for their proposed study. The final paper for this course will be a research proposal that is the basis for students' independent research project. This course satisfies the research requirement for sociology majors and is designed primarily for seniors who are planning to write an honors thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOTRIBOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36094", path:"/courses/36094", description:"Engineering is progressing to ever smaller scales, enabling new technologies, materials, devices, and applications. This course will provide an introduction to nano-scale mechanics and tribology at interfaces, and the critical role these topics play in the developing area of nanoscience and nanotechnology. We will discuss how mechanics and tribology at interfaces become integrated with the fields of materials science, chemistry, physics, and biology at this scale. We will cover a variety of concepts and applications, drawing connections to both established and new approaches. We will discuss the limits of continuum mechanics and present newly developed theories and experiments tailored to describe micro- and nano-scale phenomena. We will emphasize specific applications throughout the course. Literature reviews, critical peer discussion, individual and team problem assignments, and a peer reviewed literature research project will be assigned as part of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: WHAT DRIVES ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"42257", path:"/courses/42257", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CINEMA PRODUCTION", number:"null", id:"44144", path:"/courses/44144", description:"This course focuses on the practices and theory of producing narrative based cinema. Members of the course will become the film crew and produce a short digital film. Workshops on producing, directing, lighting, camera, sound and editing will build skills necessary for the hands-on production shoots. Visiting lecturers will critically discuss the individual roles of production in the context of the history of film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY TWI II", number:"null", id:"35245", path:"/courses/35245", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELDWORK", number:"null", id:"43593", path:"/courses/43593", description:"Students work 15 hours per week in field placement and meet weekly with class and instructors. The class is intended to help students reflect from a variety of perspectives on the work that they are doing in their placement organizations. The class format is primarily discussion. Students are required to complete assigned readings, prepare written and oral presentations, and submit a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS CLASSICISM & LIT: POETRY/POLITICS ANC GRE", number:"null", id:"35677", path:"/courses/35677", description:"This advanced seminar will examine the classical backgrounds to English poetry, in particular the Biblical and Greco-Roman antecedents to Renaissance lyric verse and verse drama (such as, preeminently, Shakespeare). Different versions of this course will have different emphases on Biblical or Hellenist backgrounds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY PHIL: Enhancing the Human Mind", number:"null", id:"37740", path:"/courses/37740", description:"Transhumanists seek to extend the capacities of the human mind beyond the bounds of the human brain and body through technology. Indeed, for them, such an extension of human thinking and feeling represents the next big step in human cognitive evolution. In this course, we will examine the philosophical conception of a mind that underpins this movement to extend the human mind beyond human biology. Through an examination of the hypothesis that there can be non-biological thinking and feeling, we consider whether technologies that enable or enhance human mental faculties might one day completely supplant the biological machinery of the human body. We will also consider the moral issues surrounding the creation of transhumans. The questions that we consider in this course will get to the heart of what it means to possess a human mind and indeed to be a human being.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARMA & GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"38095", path:"/courses/38095", description:"In some parts of the world, spending on pharmaceuticals is astronomical. In others, people do not have access to basic or life-saving drugs. Individuals struggle to afford medications; whole populations are neglected, considered too poor to constitute profitable markets for the development and distribution of necessary drugs. This seminar analyzes the dynamics of the burgeoning international pharmaceutical trade and the global inequalities that emerge from and are reinforced by market-driven medicine. Questions about who will be treated and who will not filter through every phase of pharmaceutical production --from preclinical research to human testing, marketing, distribution, prescription, and consumption.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATABASE & INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39737", path:"/courses/39737", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad field of database and information systems, covering a variety of topics relating to structured data, ranging from data modeling to logical foundations and popular languages, to system implementations. We will study the theory of relational and XML data design; the basics of query languages; efficient storage of data, execution of queries and query optimization; transactions and updates; web-database development; and 'big data' and NoSQL systems. The course assumes mathematical and programming experience equivalent to CIS160 and CIS121", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMICON DEVICE PHYS&TECH", number:"null", id:"44135", path:"/courses/44135", description:"An advanced undergraduate course or graduate level course on the fundamental physical principles underlying the operation of traditional semiconducting electronic and optoelectronic devices and extends these concepts to novel nanoscale electronic and optoelectronic devices. The course assumes an undergraduate level understanding of semiconductors physics, as found in ESE 218 or PHYS 240. The course builds on the physics of solid state semiconductor devices to develop the operation and application of semiconductors and their devices in energy conversion devices such as solar photovoltaics, thermophotovoltaics, and thermoelectrics, to supply energy. The course also considers the importance of the design of modern semiconductor transistor technology to operate at low-power in CMOS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY: OPERATIONS STRATEGY PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"43310", path:"/courses/43310", description:"This course will focus on the management of operations at manufacturing and service facilities of domestic corporations and foreign multinational companies. Our emphasis will be on the evolving patterns of operations strategies adopted by firms for producing products, sourcing manufacturing, distributing products, delivering services and managing product design as well as on programs for enhancing quality, productivity and flexibility. The course will focus on the formulationn and execution of such strategies for a collection of firms in the context of the current dynamics of global competition. The course consists of a set of site visits and in-class sessions which include lectures, case discussions and management speakers who will describe their company's current strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"43874", path:"/courses/43874", description:"CHIN 032 is designed for students who can speak Chinese and have reading ability of about 1000 Chinese characters. This Chinese reading and writing course is specifically designed for students at the ACTFL intermediate-low reading and writing level. The literacy goal is to master 1000 to 2000 Chinese words and reach the intermediate-mid proficiency level. Reading material covers topics that are meaningful to students not only to increase engagement and confidence in their Chinese reading skills, but also foster students' apprehension and understanding of the Chinese deep culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ART OF IRAN: FROM THE SASANIANS TO THE ABBASIDS", number:"null", id:"43748", path:"/courses/43748", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS IN LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"44397", path:"/courses/44397", description:"International Organizations play a powerful role in mitigating conflict at the global level. What role do they play in solving problems related to global politics, economic development, corruption, inequality and civil society in Latin America? How much power, influence and control do they possess in the region? This course examines the role and impact international organizations have had on Latin America since the mid-20th century. After a review of theoretical and methodological persectives on the significance of IOs in international relations, students will examine the workings, issues and often controversies surrounding IOs in Latin America, including the IMF, World Bank, UN, OAS and ICC as wellas regional organizations such as the Inter-American Court of Human Rights and area trade blocs and agreements of Mercosur, NAFTA and others. Students will also explore the regional impact of transnational civil society organizations, such as human rights organizations and the International Olympic Committee. Students will be invited to participate in the Washington Model OAS from April 10-17.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFRMNCE,ANLYSIS,HISTRY", number:"null", id:"40385", path:"/courses/40385", description:"Participation in the course is contingent upon a successful audition. This course must be taken for a letter grade (pass/fail option may not be utilized for this course). This weekly seminar will explore music from the past and present through class discussions of performance, historical context, and analytical aspects of the music led by a professor and/or performer. One example of a class in this number will be an indepth study of chamber music repertoire led by the Daedalus Quartet. Students will prepare for a final performance at the end of the semester as well as a paper/presentation. Students interested in this applied approach to music may also wish to take 256 and/or 276.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC:GREEK", number:"null", id:"38349", path:"/courses/38349", description:"Intensive Greek reading course for students in the Postbac program. This semester the text will be Plutarch's Life of Antony. There will be in-depth analysis of syntax and style. Homework, apart from the readings, will take the form of exercises, based on the readings, illustrating the nuances of Greek syntax in the hands of a master writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN ART OF ANDALUSIA: Cordoba: City, Mosque, Estates, Palace City", number:"null", id:"38151", path:"/courses/38151", description:"Spring 2016: This pro-seminar will investigate the nature of Cordoba as the capital of the Umayyad realm in Iberia. Topics discussed will include: city and its suburbs, villas as loci of cultural production, the role of the congregational mosque, the city vs. the palace city of Madina al-Zahra. Knowledge of Spanish and/or Arabic desirable, but not necessary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORK NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41007", path:"/courses/41007", description:"The human brain produces complex functions using a range of system components over varying temporal and spatial scales. These components are couples together by heterogeneous interactions, forming an intricate information-processing network. In this course, we will cover the use of network science in understanding such large-scale and neuronal-level brain circuitry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN&DEVEL", number:"null", id:"41933", path:"/courses/41933", description:"The course provides the student with a number of tools and concepts necessary for creating and managing product development processes.The course consists of two interwoven parts. First, it presents the basic steps that are necessary for moving from a 'cool idea' to a product sufficiently mature to launch an entrepreneurial start-up. This includes cases, lectures, and exercises on topics like identifying customer needs, developing a product concept as well as effective prototyping strategies. The capstone of this first part is a real project in which student teams conceptualize and develop a new product or service up to the completion of a fully functional prototype.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ARTS OF CHINA", number:"null", id:"37000", path:"/courses/37000", description:"A broad survey of Chinese architecture, sculpture, and painting from the Neolithic age through the nineteenth century. Topics include excavated material from China's bronze age, Chinese funerary arts, Buddhist caves and sculpture (including works in the University Museum), the Chinese city, the Chinese garden, and major masterpieces of Chinese painting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF MATH: Philosophy of Mathematics", number:"null", id:"43336", path:"/courses/43336", description:"The course will focus on the development of the foundations and philosophy of mathematics from the late nineteenth-century through the present day. Topics may include logicism, formalism, intuitionism, and the foundations of set theory. Ample consideration will be given to some of the fundamental results of mathematical logic, such as the Godel incompleteness theorems and the independence of the Continuum Hypothesis from Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory, that have had a profound impact on contemporary approaches to the philosophy of mathematics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH-CENT BRITISH LIT: SENSING THE CITY", number:"null", id:"38442", path:"/courses/38442", description:"In 1815 in the wake of the battle of Waterloo, Great Britain controlled a staggering quarter of the world's landmass and half of its gross national product. This course will begin with the Napoleonic Wars and this Regency aftermath to survey a century of British literature -- from Romanticism through the revolutions of 1848 and the Victorian and Edwardian periods to the beginning of the first World War. Most versions of this course will read both novels and poetry, often focusing on the relation between the two and their function within nineteenth century culture. Others may incorporate drama and non-fiction prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41702", path:"/courses/41702", description:"This is the first of a two semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. This fall semester course follows closely with MEAM 210, involving experiments to explore the principles of statics and strength of materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN INT'L RELATIONS:                            COUNTERINTELLIGENCE", number:"null", id:"35968", path:"/courses/35968", description:"Topics in International Relations focuses on specialized issues, practical or applied approaches, policy and other topics of contemporary relevance in modern study of international relations. These are experimental or occasionally offered classes. Past topics of included US Foreign Policy and the Arab Spring, the Iraq Wars, Secret Intelligence & American Democracy, Counterintelligence, Homeland Security, the US & South Asia Cold War and New Alignments, and Think Tanks and Global Governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEOTECTONICS", number:"null", id:"35856", path:"/courses/35856", description:"Bulk structure of the Earth. Plate tectonics and plate boundaries. Plumes, rifting, and intraplate tectonics. Geotectonics and seismicity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAMILY FEUDS:BEYONCE, JAY-Z, AND SOLANGE AND THE MEANING OF AMERICAN MUSIC", number:"null", id:"43653", path:"/courses/43653", description:"Taking Beyonce's 'Lemonade,' Solange's 'A Seat At The Table,' and Jay-z's '4:44' as a point of departure, this class will focus on the role of popular music as 'politics' within contemporary American culture. While these albums are clearly neither the first nor the only musical expressions to delve into the matters of black lives, feminism, and sexuality today, they do mark a very significant political and personal evolution for these individual artists and their audiences as they relate to the defining issues of our time. By looking at how each artist engages their influences (Nina Simone is staple for all three) and discussing how these albums challenge musical forms and incorporate different visual mediums, this course will reflect on the conversations these artists are having with each other and examine their cultural impact in order to understand the limits and possibilities of black musical expressions as sites of social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Resiliency and Impact of Latin@Cultural Expressions in the US", number:"null", id:"38819", path:"/courses/38819", description:"This course takes a multi-disciplinary approach to the study of the resiliency and impact of Latin@ cultural and artistic contributions, esthetics, expressions and institution building int he United Stats from the Civil Rights Era to the present. We will explore how Latin@s arguculturally defining being 'American'; how their artistic expressions fit and influence the creativity and productivity of American and global Arts & Cultural expressions; and the Latin@ interactions of race, culture, society, economy and politics in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOD HEB LIT & CULT TRANS: MODERN HEBREW LIT & CULTURE IN TRANSLATION: IMAGE OF HAIFA & OTHER CITIES", number:"null", id:"41817", path:"/courses/41817", description:"This course follows and analyzes the transformations in Israeli literature and cinema. The focus and the specific topic of the study changes from semester to semester. Topics include: The Holocaust; The Image of Childhood; Dream, Fantasy and Madness; Love and War; The Many Voices of Israel; The Image of the City; and other topics. While Israeli works constitute much of the course's material, European and American film and fiction play comparative roles. 5-6 film screenings per semester; The content of this course changes from semester to semester, and therefore, students may take it for credit more than once. This topic course explores aspects of Hebrew Literature, Film, and Culture. Specific course topics vary from semester to semester. See the Cinema and Media Studies (...NELC, JWST, ENGL, COML) website for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BATT & SUPER-CAP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44134", path:"/courses/44134", description:"This is a senior / graduate course on scientific and technological fundamentals as they apply to electrochemical batteries and super-capacitors. The perspective utilized will be a combination of materials and systems science. The course will introduce the student to the different categories of electrochemical cells and batteries, and their related chemistry, kinds of super-capacitors, charging and discharging profiles, equivalent series resistance (ESR), power capacities, and lifetimes. For super-capacitors, the student will be introduced to double layer capacitance (DLC) and pseudo-capacitance types of energy storage, super-capacitor fundamentals through Faradaic and non-Faradaic processes, pseudo-capacitance of metal oxides and electro-active polymers (EAPs), non-ideal polarizable electrodes, energetics and kinetics of electrode processes, theories of dielectric polarization, inorganic and organic electrol carbonaceous materials, effective surface area (ESA) and functionalizations, as well as the AC impedance behavior of batteries and super-capacitors including the self-discharge characteristics of both. The fundamental electrochemical relations will be discussed, as well as battery / super-caps system modeling, and batteries management systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"43139", path:"/courses/43139", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to construct, estimate, and interpret powerful models of consumer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these models for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales, forecasting, analyses of media usage, and targeted marketing programs. Other disciplines have seen equally broad utilization of these techniques. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF CHILDREN THEORY I: CHILD AND FAMILY DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"40470", path:"/courses/40470", description:"This course focuses on developmental theories and concepts that form the basis for nursing assessment and intervention with children and families. Emphasis is given to current research and issues in child and family development and functioning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISK MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"41016", path:"/courses/41016", description:"The last financial crisis and subsequent recession provide ample evidence that failure to properly manage risk can result in disaster. Individuals and firms confront risk in nearly all decisions they make. People face uncertainty in their choice of careers, spending and saving decisions, family choices and many other facets of life. Similarly, the value that firms create by designing and marketing good products is at risk from a variety of sources. The bankruptcy of a key supplier, sharp rise in cost of financing, destruction of an important asset, impact of global warming, or a liability suit can quickly squander the value created by firms. In extreme cases, risky outcomes can bankrupt a firm, as has happened recently to manufacturers of automobile parts and a variety of financial service firms. The events since the Global Financial Crisis also offer stark reminders that risk can impose significant6 costs on individuals, firms, governments, and society as a whole. This course explores how individuals and firms assess and evaluate risk, examines the tolls available to successfuly mange risk and discusses real-world phenomena that limit the desired amount of risk-sharing. Our focus is primarily on explaining the products and institutions that will serve you better when making decisions in your future careers and lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: MODERN SCI-FI CINEMA", number:"null", id:"42522", path:"/courses/42522", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film Practice intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"42583", path:"/courses/42583", description:"How cities communicate has had to evolve with the times and circumstances. Even as there is extraordinary optimism about the future of America's cities, most continue to grapple with the devastating effects of 20th century deindustrialization and racial disparities in education, income, housing, and health and unplanned crisis. It has become the task of municipal leadership to both balance the demands of disparate interests, govern fairly and effectively and communicate to various constituency about policy and government's role. In the age of social media that perpetuates a 24/7 news cycle, municipal governments and their leadership have had to respond to queries, concerns and circumstances while governing, all in new ways. Using personal experiences from serving 4 US Big City Mayors. I will provide examples about how cities have had to communicate through the varying levels of leadership during times of crisis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SWAHILI LANG & CULTURE I", number:"null", id:"36692", path:"/courses/36692", description:"This course taught in Swahili will focus on reading/writing skills and speaking/listening skills as well as structural and cultural information. The course will be structured around three thematic units: History, Politics, and Education. The course will provide background on the Swahili-speaking world: Who were the first Swahili speakers and what varieties of the language did they speak? How did Swahili spread from the coast to other Swahili-speaking areas as far inland as Uganda, Rwanda, and Congo? Swahili is a lingua franca and has importance in the spread of religion and trade movements. Influences of other languages on Swahili and influences of Swahili on local languages will be discussed. Political and educational systems will be discussed as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING&GENDERING OF HEALTH CARE IN THE U.S. AND INTERNATIONALLY, 1860-2000", number:"null", id:"43237", path:"/courses/43237", description:"This course examines changing ideas about the nature of health and illness; changing forms of health care delivery; changing experiences of women as providers and patients; changing role expectations and realities for nurses; changing midwifery practice; and changing segmentation of the health care labor market by gender, class and race. It takes a gender perspective on all topics considered in the course. A comparative approach is used as national and international literature is considered. This focus is presented as one way of understanding the complex interrelationships among gender, class, and race in health care systems of the United States and countries abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FLORENCE IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40134", path:"/courses/40134", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"38182", path:"/courses/38182", description:"The purpose of this course is to examine the financing of governments in the urban economy. Topics to be covered include the causes and consequences of the urban fiscal crisis, the design of optimal tax and spending policies for local governments, funding of public infrastructures and the workings of the municipal bond market, privatization of government services, and public financial systems for emerging economies. Applications include analyses of recent fiscal crises, local services and taxes as important determinants of real estate prices, the infrastructure crisis, financing and the provision of public education, and fiscal constitutions for new democracies using South Africa as an example.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE RUSSIAN I", number:"null", id:"40642", path:"/courses/40642", description:"This course will develop your ability to use the Russian language in the context of typical everyday situations, including university life, family, shopping, entertainment, etc. Role-playing, skits, short readings from literature and the current press, and video clips will be used to help students improve their language skills and their understanding of Russian culture. At the end of the semester you will be able to read and write short texts about your daily schedule and interests, to understand brief newspaper articles, films and short literary texts, and to express your opinions in Russian. In combination with RUSS 004, this course prepares students to satisfy the language competency requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL RADIATION ENG.", number:"null", id:"41996", path:"/courses/41996", description:"This course in medical radiation physics investigates electromagnetic and particulate radiation and its interaction with matter. The theory of radiation transport and the basic concept of dosimetry will be presented. The principles of radiation detectors and radiation protection will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BUSINESS ECONOM", number:"null", id:"39594", path:"/courses/39594", description:"This course explores the economics and politics of public policy to provide an analytic framework for considering why, how, and with what success/failure government intervenes in a variety of policy areas. Particular attention will be paid to important policy issues relating to taxation, social security, low-income assistance, health insurance, education (both K-12 and higher ed), the environment, and government deficits. The costs and benefits of alternative policies will be explored along with the distribution of responsibilities between the federal, state and local governments. While the course will focus primarily on U.S. policies, the topics covered (e.g. tax reform, deficits versus austerity, etc.) are currently at the center of the policy debate in many other industrialized countries as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM HISTORY: TRANSNATIONAL CINEMA", number:"null", id:"41120", path:"/courses/41120", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film History intensively. Specific coursetopics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current This offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"41422", path:"/courses/41422", description:"The objective of this course is to give you a broad understanding of the framework and evolution of U.S. capital markets, the instruments that are traded, the mechanisms that facilitate their trading and issuance, and the motivations of issuers and investors across different asset classes. The course will highlight the problems that capital market participants are seeking to solve, which you can use in your post-Wharton careers to evaluate future market innovations. We will consider design, issuance, and pricing of financial instruments, the arbitrage strategies which keep their prices in-line with one another,and the associated economic and financial stability issues. We will draw from events in the aftermath of the recent financial crisis, which illustrate financing innovations and associated risks, as well as policy responses that can change the nature of these markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MODERN WORLD AND ITS CULTURAL BACKGROUND", number:"null", id:"42319", path:"/courses/42319", description:"An introduction to the diversity of cultures in the world. This course is divided into two parts. The first briefly examines different models of understanding human diversity: ethnicities, religions, languages, political forms, economic structures, cultures, and 'civilizations'. Students will learn to think about the world as an interconnected whole, and know the significance of culture on a global scale. The second part is an introduction to area studies, in which we undertake a survey of the different regions of the world. We conduct the survey paying attention to the different aspects of human diversities, which we examine in the first part of this course. Students will acquire a greater appreciation and understanding of cultural differences in the more comprehensive social context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SCIENTIFIC REV: The Scientific Revolution", number:"null", id:"43554", path:"/courses/43554", description:"During the 16th and 17th centuries, something that resembled modern science emerged from something that did not. Though the nature and cause of that transition are contested, there were unquestionably many pivotal developments in the content and conduct of science, and it is in this period that many of the 'founding' figures of science, from Copernicus to Galileo to Newton, are identified. This course will examine the many elements that went into the transition, including the revolution in cosmology, the revolt against ancient natural philosophy, the rise of experimentalism, the new philosophies of inquiry, new social structures for natural inquiry and the conceptual foundations of classical physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38899", path:"/courses/38899", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEM MODERN HEBREW LIT: GIANTS OF HEBREW LIT", number:"null", id:"42924", path:"/courses/42924", description:"This course introduces students to selections from the best literary works written in Hebrew over the last hundred years in a relaxed seminar environment. The goal of the course is to develop skills in critical reading of literature in general, and to examine how Hebrew authors grapple with crucial questions of human existence and national identity. Topics include: Hebrew classics and their modern 'descendents,' autobiography in poetry and fiction, the conflict between literary generations, and others. Because the content of this course changes from year to year, students may take it for credit more than once. This course is conducted in Hebrew and all readings are in Hebrew. Grading is based primarily on participation and students' literary understanding.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN CHINESE LIT", number:"null", id:"35468", path:"/courses/35468", description:"This course surveys the literary movements of the post-Cultural Revolution era (1978-present).The reading consists of fictional works representative of each literary movement. Students will write four short (1-2 pages, double space) 'responding' papers and two longer critical essays (5-7 pages double spaced). Each student will also give one oral presentation to the class on an assigned story. This course is designed for students who have achieved native or near native level of reading and writing proficiency in Chinese. The class is conducted exclusively in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42042", path:"/courses/42042", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM MECHANICS I", number:"null", id:"41995", path:"/courses/41995", description:"Graduate-level introduction to quantum theory. Topics covered include the postulates of quantum mechanics, unitary operators, time evolution and Schrodinger's equation, theory of angular momentum, density matrices, and Bell's inequalities. Other topics may include semi-classical (WKB) approximation, bound state techniques, periodic potentials and resonance phenomena.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REC ISSUE IN CRIT THEORY: ANTI-IMPERIALIST THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"39899", path:"/courses/39899", description:"This course is a critical exploration of recent literary and cultural theory, usually focusing on one particular movement or school, such as phenomenology, psychoanalysis, the Frankfurt School, or deconstruction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SCIENTIFIC REVOLUTIO", number:"null", id:"39379", path:"/courses/39379", description:"'During the 16th and 17th centuries, something that resembled modern science emerged from something that did not. Though the nature and cause of that transition are contested, there were unquestionably many pivotal develoments in the content and conduct of science, and it is in this period that many of the 'founding' figures of science, from Copernicus to Galileo to Newton, are identified. This course will examine the many elements that went into the transition, including the revolution in cosmology, the revolt against ancient natural philosophy, the rise of experimentalism, the new philosophies of inquiry, new social structures for natural inquiry and the conceptual foundations of classical physics.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGENCE OF MODERN SCI", number:"null", id:"40742", path:"/courses/40742", description:"During the last 500 years, science has emerged as a central and transformative force that continues to reshape everyday life in countless ways. This introductory course will survey the emergence of the scientific world view fromthe Renaissance through the end of the 20th century. By focusing on the life, work and cultural contexts of those who created modern science, we will explore their core ideas and techniques, where they came from, what problems they solved, what made them controversial and exciting and how they related to contemporary religious beliefs, politics, art, literature, and music. The course is organized chronologically and thematically. In short, this is a 'Western Civ' course with a difference, open to students at all levels.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLOQ. ARABIC LEVANTINE", number:"null", id:"36747", path:"/courses/36747", description:"A one-semester, introductory course to the spoken Arabic of one of the regions of the Arab world, chosen according to the dialect of instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY RESEARCH & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39224", path:"/courses/39224", description:"Survey research is a small but rich acadmic field and discipline, drawing on theory and practice from many diverse fields including political science and communication.This course canvasses the science and practice of survey methods,sampling theory, instrument development and operationalization, and the analysis and reporting of survey data. Major areas of focus include measurement and research on survey errors, application to election polling, new frontiers in data collection, overall development of data management and introductory statistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VOICING POLITICS/POLITICIZING VOICES", number:"null", id:"44583", path:"/courses/44583", description:"What does it mean to have a voice? To raise your voice? To have your voice heard? What do our voices say about us and what do they fail to communicate? How we speak and how our voices are perceived impact our interactions in daily life, our participation in the political sphere, and our capacity to effect change through activism. This CWiC course explores the parameters by which voice is defined in the context of music and sound studies, social justice, philosophy, and media and communication studies. We will consider how voice embodies our political constitution through an examination of the vocal practices of artists such as Tanya Tagaq, Anohni, Juliana Huxtable, Laurie Anderson, Sikh Knowledge, and Lucas Silveira; the phenomena of voice-activated devices such as Apple s Siri and Amazon s Echo; and the collective voices of movements such as Black Lives Matter and the Standing Rock water protectors. Through individual and group presentations, discussions, and creative projects, this critical speaking seminar encourages students to develop their oral communication skills while examining what informs their individual and collective voices. No previous musical training required. Enrollment limited to 16.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO BASIS PSYCHIA DISORD", number:"null", id:"39606", path:"/courses/39606", description:"The contributions of basic sciences (neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neurochemistry, and neuropharmacology) to an understanding of behavior and behavioral disorders will be covered and important psychiatric disorders will be discussed, primarily from the viewpoint of their biological aspects. Emphasis will be placed on critical evaluation of research strategies and hypotheses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN THINKERS", number:"null", id:"36475", path:"/courses/36475", description:"This class focuses on the complex relations between philosophy, history, and art in Russia and offers discussions of works of major Russian authors (such as Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Khlebnikov), religious and political thinkers (Chaadaev, Herzen, Berdiaev, Lenin, Bogdanov), avant-garde artists (Filonov, Malevich), and composers (Skriabin) who created and tested in their lives their own, sometimes very peculiar and radical, worldviews. We will consider these worldviews against a broad cultural background and will reenact them in class in the form of philosophical mini-dramas. The only prerequisite for this course is intellectual curiosity and willingness to embrace diverse, brave and often very weird ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"36134", path:"/courses/36134", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to the concepts, analyses, and activities that comprise marketing management, and to provide practice in assessing and solving marketing problems. The course is also a foundation for advanced electives in Marketing as well as other business/social disciplines. Topics include marketing strategy, customer behavior, segmentation, market research, product management, pricing, promotion, sales force management and competitive analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41039", path:"/courses/41039", description:"A comparative and quantitative approach to the physiological function of vertebrates. Topics include muscles, nervous system, cardiovascular system, respiration, and renal function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE", number:"null", id:"39730", path:"/courses/39730", description:"This course is an introductory graduate course on computer architecture with an emphasis on a quantitative approach to cost/performance design tradeoffs. The course covers the fundamentals of classical and modern uniprocessor design: performance and cost issues, instruction sets, pipelining, superscalar, out-of-order, and speculative execution mechanisms, caches, physical memory, virtual memory, and I/O. Other topics include: static scheduling, VLIW and EPIC, software speculation, long (SIMD) and short (multimedia) vector execution, multithreading, and an introduction to shared memory multiprocessors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DANTE'S DIVINE COMEDY", number:"null", id:"35988", path:"/courses/35988", description:"In this course we will read the Inferno, the Purgatorio and the Paradiso, focusing on a series of interrelated problems raised by the poem: authority, fiction, history, politics and language. Particular attention will be given to how the Commedia presents itself as Dante's autobiography, and to how the autobiographical narrative serves as a unifying thread for this supremely rich literary text. Supplementary readings will include Virgil's Aeneid and selections from Ovid's Metamorphoses. All readings and written work will be in English. Italian or Italian Studies credit will require reading Italian text the original language and writing about their themes in Italian. This course may be taken for graduate credit, but additional work and meetings with the instructor will be required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: CINEMA AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"41316", path:"/courses/41316", description:"This course explores an aspect of Film Studies intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT STORY COLLECTIONS", number:"null", id:"35814", path:"/courses/35814", description:"This course is intended for those with no prior background in folklore or knowledge of various cultures. Texts range in age from the first century to the twentieth, and geographically from the Middle East to Europe to the United States. Each collection displays various techniques of collecting folk materials and making them concerete. Each in its own way also raises different issues of genre, legitimacy, canon formation, cultural values and context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING&GENDERING OF HEALTH CARE IN THE U.S. AND INTERNATIONALLY, 1860-2000", number:"null", id:"36240", path:"/courses/36240", description:"This course examines changing ideas about the nature of health and illness; changing forms of health care delivery; changing experiences of women as providers and patients; changing role expectations and realities for nurses; changing midwifery practice; and changing segmentation of the health care labor market by gender, class and race. It takes a gender perspective on all topics considered in the course. A comparative approach is used as national and international literature is considered. This focus is presented as one way of understanding the complex interrelationships among gender, class, and race in health care systems of the United States and countries abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAPITAL& ENT MG: Practices & Institutions of Silicon Valley", number:"null", id:"44524", path:"/courses/44524", description:"This elective half-semester course will highlight venture capital and entrepreneurship in general and will explore selected aspects of this industry, including: industry trends and dynamics in Silicon Valley and the South of Market area (SOMA) of San Francisco; the recent emergence of alternative sources of startup financing, including incubators/accelerators and crowdfunding platforms, angel groups and stage-agnostic institutional investors; business and operational aspects of early stage companies in transition to mezzanine-level stages of growth; and company 'exits,' including both initial public offerings and merger/sale transactions. MGMT765 and MGMT804 cover separate issues within the same general industry and are not redundant. This course addresses issues faced by later stage VC backed firms, while MGMT804 centers on early stage, pre-revenue startups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEM FRAMING", number:"null", id:"38789", path:"/courses/38789", description:"In the second semester of the four-semester studio sequence, we ask students to take a step back from what and how they are designing and ask the question of why they are designing it. We will teach them a rigorous process for understanding stakeholder needs and for translating those needs into implications for product design. They will begin to develop greater awareness of the personal, social, competitive and technological contexts that their products fit into, and to learn how to design for those contexts. They will develop the ability to dive into a topic and frame a design problem, and to understand the implications of how they frame the problem on what they design. Ideally, they will use this process to identify a problem or opportunity to work on for their final project. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL & COGNITIVE SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36329", path:"/courses/36329", description:"Cognitive science is the interdisciplinary study of the mind, with modern roots that can be traced to the 1930s and 1940s. Philosophers have been studying the mind for thousands of years, but the scientific findings resulting from cognitive science provide new opportunities to revise and adjudicate between theories. Across the disciplines of cognitive science it is widely agreed that the mind, like the turtle's shell or the bird's wings, is the product of evolution. But evolution seldom plays a central role in the development of theories about particular aspects of the mind. How can thinking about evolution help us reconcile theory with the results of key disciplines in cognitive science like psychology and the neurosciences? We'll take up this question by exploring the relationship between theory and experimental evidence in four core areas of cognitive science: perception, memory, rationality and morality. Students will be required to write two short essays and one exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS PHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"43351", path:"/courses/43351", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 151, at a somewhat higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; special relativity; Maxwell's equations, electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 092 or PHYS 094 who complete PHYS 171 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARAB VOICES OF DISSENT", number:"null", id:"36193", path:"/courses/36193", description:"From Tunisia to Egypt to Syria to Iraq, dissent and rebellion seem to be on the upswing in the contemporary Middle East. The 'Arab Spring' brought about a renewed focus on the heritage of dissent in the Arab Middle East. This CWiC Critical Speaking Seminar will examine this heritage, starting with the religious and political dissent of the Prophet Muhammad against the polytheism of the Arabian peninsula, focusing on the different styles and kinds of dissent in, for example, literature, religion, and politics. In understanding this heritage, we will then look to how the actors in the 2011 Arab revolutions voiced their own dissent and interpreted this heritage of dissent.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ETHNOMUSICOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36184", path:"/courses/36184", description:"This course introduces students to the field of ethnomusicology through a series of case studies that explore a range of traditional, popular, and art musics from around the world. The course takes as a point of departure several works of musical ethnography, musical fiction, and musical autobiography and, through in-depth reading of these texts, close listening to assigned sound recordings, and in- class case studies, generates a context within which to think and write about music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADAPTATIONS: FROM PAPER TO SCREEN", number:"null", id:"44366", path:"/courses/44366", description:"Topics vary. See the Department's website at https://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HISTORY ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"40180", path:"/courses/40180", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"43286", path:"/courses/43286", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY AND APPS", number:"null", id:"43759", path:"/courses/43759", description:"for permits please see: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/lps/graduate/mbds/permit-request The course addresses methodological issues that apply to each of the policies currently provided by governmental and non-governmental institutions worldwide. We will discuss the conditions that must be satisfied to make policies effective and the behavioral incentives that policy actors face. The course relies on themain theoretical and empirical findings of modern policy analysis and upon an extensive set of case students. Students are required to master the conceptual material and to confront and solve practical cases in public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND LAW", number:"null", id:"37053", path:"/courses/37053", description:"An introduction not only to representations of the law and legal processes in literary texts, but also to the theories of reading, representation, and interpretation that form the foundation of both legal and literary analysis. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART NOW", number:"null", id:"38140", path:"/courses/38140", description:"One of the most striking features of today's art world is the conspicuous place occupied in it by the photographic image. Large-scale color photographs and time-based installations in projections are everywhere. Looking back, we can see that much of the art making of the past 60 years has also been defined by this medium, regardless of the form it takes. Photographic images have inspired countless paintings, appeared in combines and installations, morphed into sculptures, drawings and performances, and served both as the object and the vehicle of institutional critique. They are also an increasinglyimportant exhibition site: where most of us go to see earthworks, happenings and body-art. This course is a three-part exploration of our photographic present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOURIER ANALYS & APPL", number:"null", id:"37132", path:"/courses/37132", description:"This course focuses on the mathematics behind Fourier theory and a wide variety of its applicationsin diverse problems in mathematics, engineering, and the sciences. The course is very mathematical in content and students signing up for it should have junior or senior standing. The topics covered are chosen from: functions and signals; systems of differential equations; superposition,memory, and non-linearity; resonance,eigenfunctions; the Fourier series and transform, spectra; convergence theorems; inner product spaces; mean-square approximation; interpolation and prediction, sampling; random processes, stationarity; wavelets, Brownian motion; stability and control, Laplace transforms. 

The applications of the mathematical theory that will be presented vary from year to year but a representative sample include: polynomial approximation, Weierstrass's theorem; efficient computation via Monte Carlo; linear and non-linear oscillators;the isoperimetric problem; the heat equation, underwate communication; the wave equation, tides; testing for randomness, fraud; nowhere differentiable continuous functions; does Brownian motion exist?; error-correction; phase conjugate optics and four-wave mixing; cryptography and secure communications; how fast can we compute?; X-ray crystallography; cosmology; and what the diffusion equation has to say about mathematical finance and arbitrage opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"44175", path:"/courses/44175", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ocean-Atmosphere Dynamics and Implications for Future Climate Change", number:"null", id:"35694", path:"/courses/35694", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of atmosphere and ocean dynamics, and aims to put these in the context of climate change in the 21st century. Large-scale atmospheric and oceanic circulation, the global energy balance, and the global energy balance, and the global hydrological cycle. We will introduce concepts of fluid dynamics and we will apply these to the vertical and horizontal motions in the atmosphere and ocean. Concepts covered include: hydrostatic law, buoyancy and convection, basic equations of fluid motions, Hadley and Ferrel cells in the atmosphere, thermohaline circulation, Sverdrup ocean flow, modes of climate variability (El-Nino, North Atlantic Oscillation, Southern Annular Mode). The course will incorporate student led discussions based on readings of the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report and recent literature on climate change. Aimed at undergraduate or graduate students who have no prior knowledge of meteorology or oceanography or training in fluid mechanics. Previous background in calculus and/or introductory physics is helpful. This is a general course which spans many subdisciplines (fluid mechanics, atmospheric science, oceanography, hydrology).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE AMHARIC II", number:"null", id:"42300", path:"/courses/42300", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO THEATRE", number:"null", id:"40753", path:"/courses/40753", description:"An introduction to different approaches to understanding and analyzing performance, representational theatre, and non-representational theatre, using as test cases both dramatic scripts and live performance. Different aspects of theatre art and theatrical process (acting, design, audience, musical theatre) will be taught by guest lecturers drawn from the Theatre Arts faculty and local professionals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD WAR I", number:"null", id:"40144", path:"/courses/40144", description:"This survey course examines the outbreak, conduct, and aftermath of the First World War. The First World War put an end to the world of the 19th century and laid the foundations of the 20th century, the age of destruction and devastation. This course will examine the war in three components: the long-term and immediate causes of the First World War; the war's catastrophic conduct, on the battlefield and on the home front; and the war's devastating aftermath. While we will discuss military operations and certain battles, this course is not a military history of the war; it covers the social, economic, political and diplomatic aspects that contributed to the war's outbreak and made possible its execution over four devastating years. No preliminary knowledge or coursework is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EUROPE FROM THE FRENCH REVOLUTION TO WWII: WAR, REVOLUTION AND EMPIRE", number:"null", id:"41547", path:"/courses/41547", description:"It's old, it's new. It's unfamiliar, it's recognizable. This course investigates the collapse of the 'old regime' and the birth of something like the Europe we recognize. The long nineteenth century witnessed the development of political, economic, and cultural phenomena we often see as characteristic of modern society. Topics considered include political revolution, industrialization, liberalism, imperialism, and new ideologies of gender, race, and class. Our focus will be consistently transnational. Where did Europe begin and end? How did borders and boundaries operate at the edge of nations, but also within societies? We will investigate these questions as we follow European history from the violence and optimism of the French Revolution to the chaos of the First World War.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36572", path:"/courses/36572", description:"Technology plays an increasing role in our understandings of ourselves, our communities, and our societies, in how we think about politics and war, science and religion, work and play. Humans have made and used technologies, though, for thousands if not millions of years. In this course, we will use this history as a resource to understand how technolgoeis affect social relations, and coversely how the culture of a society shapes the technologies it produces. Do different technolgoeis produce or result from different economic systems like feudalism, capitalism and communism? Can specific technologies promote democratic or authoritarian politics? Do they suggest or enforce different patterns of race, class or gender relations? Among the technologies we'll consider will be large objects like cathedrals, bridges, and airplanes; small ones like guns, clocks and birth control pills; and networks like the electrical grid, the highway system and the internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Power, Persuasion and Influence", number:"null", id:"43760", path:"/courses/43760", description:"For permits please see: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/lps/graduate/mbds/permit-request Power and influence are fundamental for taking action in personal relationships, professional contexts and in society in general. To be able to use them effectively, however, we need to understand the nature, sources, uses and development of power and influence in these various contexts. To accomplish this goal, this course will survey theories of power, persuasion and influence from multiple disciplines and discuss their application to everyday actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"J W SCHOLAR SR RES SEM", number:"null", id:"43614", path:"/courses/43614", description:"This seminar takes place over two semesters and provides students with the skills to perform their own research under the guidance of a Wharton faculty member. At the conclusion of the fall semester, students will produce a thesis proposal including literature review, significance of the research, methodology, and exploratory data if relevant. Throughout the fall semester faculty guests from a range of disciplines will present on their research in class, highlighting aspects that are relevant to the work students are engaging in at that point. During the second semester, students will collect and analyze data and write up the results in close collaboration with their faculty mentor. At the end of the spring semester, each student will present their research in a video presentation. Throughout the course, students will work individually, in small groups, and under the mentorship of a Wharton faculty member. The goal is to becomes capable independent researchers who incorporate feedback and critical (self-) analysis to take their research to the next level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLEGE MUSIC PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"41789", path:"/courses/41789", description:"Private study in voice, keyboard, strings, woodwind, brass, percussion, and non-western instruments. Such study is designed to meet the artistic, technical, and/or professional needs of the student. Note: This is not a syllabus. Course requirements and assessment will be determined by the private instructor. Private lessons in the College House Music cannot be taken Pass/Fail. Please visit http://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/performance. Students cannot register through Penn In Touch. Registration will be maintained by the music department upon receipt of application and instructor permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"42007", path:"/courses/42007", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and one novel; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"40419", path:"/courses/40419", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFORMANCE STUDIO", number:"null", id:"42765", path:"/courses/42765", description:"This course supports the individual and collaborative production of performance works. As the medium of performance consists of diverse forms, actions, activities, practices and methodologies, the course allows for an open exploration in terms of material and form. Students are invited to utilize technologies, materials and methodologies from other mediums and/or disciplines such as video, photography, writing and sound. In addition to the production component, the course will examine multiple histories of performance through readings, screenings and directed research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING EST ENTERPRISE: Managing the Established Enterprise", number:"null", id:"37524", path:"/courses/37524", description:"The management of large, established enterprises creates a range of multi-facet challenges for the general manager. A general manager needs to understand the internal workings of a firm, how to assess and create a strategy, and how to take into account increasing, globalization. While these issues are distinct, they are very much intertwined. As a result, this course will provide you with an integrated view of these challenges and show you that effective of an established enterprise requires a combination of insights drawn from economics, sociology, psychology and political economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN MOD CHINESE III&IV", number:"null", id:"43873", path:"/courses/43873", description:"Designed for students who have had limited prior exposure to some form of Chinese (Mandarin or other dialects), but inadequate to advance to the intermediate level. The language practiced in Chin 022 will be more formal and written style than that of Chin 021, including more authentic materials reading, listening and viewing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STAT FOR MGMT", number:"null", id:"36570", path:"/courses/36570", description:"This is a course in modern methods in statistics. It will focus on regression, data mining and statistics based Natural Language Processing. The regression module will extend your knowledge of building multiple regressions. The last two modules will show how these ideas can be applied to large data sets that are more frequently found in the modern age. Sample data sets in class include retail credit, global warming, and words from the 'wikipedia'.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTINUUM MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"40294", path:"/courses/40294", description:"This course serves as a basic introduction to the Mechanics of continuous media, and it will prepare the student for more advanced courses in solid and fluid mechanics. The topics to be covered include: Tensor algebra and calculus, Lagrangian and Eulerian kinematics, Cauchy and Piola-Kirchhoff stresses, General principles: conservation of mass, conservation of linear and angular momentum, energy and the first law of thermodynamics, entropy and the second law of thermodynamics; constitutive theory, ideal fluids, Newtonian and non-Newtonian fluids, finite elasticity, linear elasticity, materials with microstructure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT GREECE", number:"null", id:"36698", path:"/courses/36698", description:"The Greeks enjoy a special place in the construction of western culture and identity, and yet many of us have only the vaguest notion of what their culture was like. A few Greek myths at bedtime when we are kids, maybe a Greek tragedy like Sophokles' Oidipous when we are at school: these are often the only contact we have with the world of the ancient Mediterranean. The story of the Greeks, however, deserves a wider audience, because so much of what we esteem in our own culture derives from them: democracy, epic poetry, lyric poetry, tragedy, history writing, philosophy, aesthetic taste, all of these and many other features of cultural life enter the West from Greece. The oracle of Apollo at Delphi had inscribed over the temple, 'Know Thyself.' For us, that also means knowing the Greeks. We will cover the period from the Late Bronze Age, c. 1500 BC, down to the time of Philip of Macedon, c. 350 BC, concentrating on the two hundred year interval from 600-400 BC.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"36558", path:"/courses/36558", description:"Further development of the material in STAT 111, in particular the analysis of variance, multiple regression, non-parametric procedures and the analysis of categorical data. Data analysis via statistical packages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREAT.NON-FICTION WRIT", number:"null", id:"38467", path:"/courses/38467", description:"A workshop course in the writing of expository prose. Assignments include informal as well as formal essays, covering such topics as autobiography, family history, review, interview, analysis of advertising and popular culture, travel, work, and satire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"42999", path:"/courses/42999", description:"Italian 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that will allow you to function comfortably in an Italian-speaking environment. The course will build on your existing skills in Italian, increase your confidence and your ability to read, write, speak and understand the language, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. The course will allow you to explore culturally relevant topics and to develop cross-cultural skills through the exploration of analogies and differences between your native culture and the Italian world. The course will move beyond stereotypical presentations of Italy and its people to concentrate on specific social issues together with cultural topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLISH/HERITAGE SPEAK II", number:"null", id:"39307", path:"/courses/39307", description:"Continuation of SLAV505", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36891", path:"/courses/36891", description:"This is an intermediate language course. It aims to develop students' overall linguistic skills in listening, speaking, reading, and writing Chinese. The specially designed textbook gives introduction to various topics on Chinese culture. Students can expect to gain knowledge about China while they are learning the language. By completion of the course, students are expected to be able to master 1200 most frequently used characters in common reading materials, and to communicate with Chinese on", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"37493", path:"/courses/37493", description:"This is a junior level laboratory course. The course teaches the principles of design and measurement systems including basic electromechanical systems. It follows MEAM 302 and MEAM 321 including experiments in fluid mechanics, and vibration in the design of mechanical systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST,POLITICS & ISLAM: History, Politics and Islam", number:"null", id:"36204", path:"/courses/36204", description:"Historical accounts about great personages, important battles, and the rise of fall of empires have long captured the imaginations of Muslims. These accounts were not, however, simply a collection of sterile dates and facts that a reader was suppose to memorize. Rather, for Muslims, historical writing articulated a special relationship between God and the Islamic community, notions of political and religious legitimacy, and the continuity of the intellectual tradition. To understand the different generic forms and functions of historical writing within Islamic societies, this course will examine some of the most important historical events and personalities of the first four centuries of Islam using medieval Arabic historiographical and other literatures in translation. Readings will include the Qur'an, theological epistles, historical chronicles, biographies, autobiographies, geographies, poetry, works of law, and belles-lettres. All readings are in English and the class presumes no prior background in Arabic or Islamic studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EAST&WEST:A HITCHIKER'S GUIDE TO THE CULTURAL HISTORY OF THE MODERN WORLD", number:"null", id:"44906", path:"/courses/44906", description:"Sugar and Spices. Tea and Coffee. Opium and Cocaine. Hop aboard the Indian Ocean dhows, Chinese junks, Dutch schooners, and British and American clipper ships that made possible the rise of global capitalism, new colonial relationships, and the intensified forms of cultural change. How have the desires to possess and consume particular commodities shaped cultures and the course of modern history? This class introduces students to the cultural history of the modern world through an interdisciplinary analysis of connections between East and West, South and North. Following the circulation of commodities and the development of modern capitalism, the course examines the impact of global exchange on interactions and relationships between regions, nations, cultures, and peoples and the influences on cultural practices and meanings. The role of slavery and labor migrations, colonial and imperial relations, and struggles for economic and political independence are also considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERPIECES OF ITALIAN LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"43001", path:"/courses/43001", description:"This course surveys the history of Italian literature through its major masterpieces. Beginning with Dante's Divine Comedy, Petrarca's love poems, and Boccaccio's Decameron, we will follow the development of Italian literary tradition through the Renaissance (Machiavelli's political theory and Ariosto's epic poem), and then through Romanticism (Leopardi's lyric poetry and Manzoni's historical novel), up to the 20th century (from D'annunzio's sensual poetry to Calvino's post-modern short stories). The course will provide students with the tools needed for analyzing the texts in terms of both form and content, and for framing them in their historical, cultural, and socio-political context. Classes and readings will be in Italian. ITAL 203 is mandatory for Minors in Italian Literature and Majors in Italian Literature. If necessary, ITAL 201 can be taken at the same time as ITAL 203.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU: ACCL", number:"null", id:"42292", path:"/courses/42292", description:"The Accelerated Elementary Zulu course is intensive, and can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research onSouth Africa,Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGENCE OF MODERN SCI", number:"null", id:"37963", path:"/courses/37963", description:"During the last 500 years, science has emerged as a central and transformative force that continues to reshape everyday life in countless ways. This introductory course will survey the emergence of the scientific world view fromthe Renaissance through the end of the 20th century. By focusing on the life, work and cultural contexts of those who created modern science, we will explore their core ideas and techniques, where they came from, what problems they solved, what made them controversial and exciting and how they related to contemporary religious beliefs, politics, art, literature, and music. The course is organized chronologically and thematically. In short, this is a 'Western Civ' course with a difference, open to students at all levels.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT DISCOV ARCHAEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35528", path:"/courses/35528", description:"Archaeology is a young and exciting scientific discipline created around 150 years ago as a way to discover and interpret the material remains of our human past. Many archaeological sites are world-famous: Pompeii, Troy, the pyramids of Egypt, the Parthenon of Athens, the Taj Mahal, and the temple complex at Angkor Wat, to name a few. In this course, we will examine many important archaeological sites in the 'Old World' of the Mediterranean, Near East, and Asia. Using a thematic and comparative approach, we will delve deeper to explore the societies that produced these wonders, and examine cultural similarities and differences across the Old World. This course is a non-technical introduction for students interested in archaeology, history, art history, anthropology, or related subjects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: LATIN LITERATURE: TACITUS", number:"null", id:"37408", path:"/courses/37408", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit. Assignments will include syntactic and literary analysis on a daily basis, a midterm, a paper, and a final exam. Topic for Spring 2016: Catullus", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGENCE OF MODERN SCI", number:"null", id:"42184", path:"/courses/42184", description:"During the last 500 years, science has emerged as a central and transformative force that continues to reshape everyday life in countless ways. This introductory course will survey the emergence of the scientific world view from the Renaissance through the end of the 20th century. By focusing on the life, work, and cultural contexts of those who created modern science, we will explore their core ideas and techniques, where they came from, what problems they solved, what made them controversial and exciting and how they relate to contemporary religious beliefs, politics, art, literature, and music. The course is organized chronologically and thematically. In short, this is a 'Western Civ' course with a difference, open to students at all levels.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Medical Ethics", number:"null", id:"38975", path:"/courses/38975", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. MOLEC. BIOL. LAB", number:"null", id:"35391", path:"/courses/35391", description:"An intensive introductory laboratory course emphasizing how molecular biology has revolutionized our understanding of cell and organism functions. BIOL 121 and 123 should be taken concurrently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROTO-INDO-EUROPEAN LANG", number:"null", id:"40223", path:"/courses/40223", description:"Most of the languages now spoken in Europe, along with some languages of Iran, India and central Asia, are thought to be descended from a single language known as Proto-Indo-European, spoken at least six thousand years ago, probably in a region extending from north of the Black Sea in modern Ukraine east through southern Russia. Speakers of Proto-Indo-European eventually populated Europe in the Bronze Age, and their societies formed the basis of the classical civilizations of Greece and Rome, as well as of the Celtic, Germanic and Slavic speaking peoples. What were the Proto-Indo-Europeans like? What did they believe about the world and their gods? How do we know? Reconstruction of the Proto-Indo-European language, one of the triumphs of comparative and historical linguistics in the 19th and 20th centuries, allows us a glimpse into the society of this prehistoric people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS", number:"null", id:"42064", path:"/courses/42064", description:"This course provides an introduction to real estate with a focus on investment and financing issues. Project evaluation, financing strategies, investment decision making and capital markets are covered. No prior knowledge of the industry is required, but students are expected to rapidly acquire a working knowledge of real estate markets. Classes are conducted in a standard lecture format with discussion required. The course contains cases that help students evaluate the impact of more complex financing and capital markets tools used in real estate. There are case studies and two mid-terms, (depending on instructor). Cross-listed with FNCE 721.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POPULATION & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37896", path:"/courses/37896", description:"The course serves as an introduction to the study of population and demography, including issues pertaining to fertility, mortality, migration, and family formation and structure. Within these broad areas we consider the social, economic, and political implications of current trends, including: population explosion, baby bust, the impact of international migration on receiving societies, population aging, racial classification, growing diversity in household composition and family structure, population and environmental degradation, and the link between population and development/poverty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44025", path:"/courses/44025", description:"International monetary economics with emphasis on economic policy in an open economy. Topics covered in the course include: balance-of-payments adjustment, theories of exchange rate determinaton, the effects of exchange rate devaluation, macroeconomic policy under fixed and floating exchange rates, the Euro-dollar market, currency and balance of payments crises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"41134", path:"/courses/41134", description:"This project-oriented course is centered around application development on current mobile platforms like iOS and Android. The first half of the course will involve fundamentals of mobile app development, where students learn about mobile app lifecycles, event-based programming, efficient resource management, and how to interact with the range of sensors available on modern mobile devices. In the second half of the course, students work in teams to conceptualize and develop a significant mobile application. Creativity and originality are highly encouraged!", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"41164", path:"/courses/41164", description:"Writing a 'program' is easy. Developing a 'software product', however, introduces numerous challenges that make it a much more difficult task. This course will look at how professional software engineers address those challenges, by investigating best practices from industry and emerging trends in software engineering research. Topics will focus on software maintenance issues, including: test case generation and test suite adequacy; code analysis verification and model checking; debugging and fault localization; refactoring and regression testing; and software design and quality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING POLICY", number:"null", id:"45212", path:"/courses/45212", description:"The course provides a systematic presentation of the factors to be considered when setting price, and shows how pricing alternatives are developed. Analytical methods are developed and new approaches are explored for solving pricing decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLYMERS & BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"41779", path:"/courses/41779", description:"Polymer is one of the most widely used materials in our daily life, from the rubber tires to clothes, from photoresists in chip manufacturing to flexible electronics and smart sensors, from Scotch tapes to artificial tissues. This course teaches entry-level knowledge in polymer synthesis, characterization, thermodynamics, and structure-property relationship. Emphasis will be on understanding both chemical and physical aspects of polymers, polymer chain size and molecular interactions that drive the microscopic and macroscopic structures and the resulting physical properties. We will discuss how to apply polymer designs to advance nanotechnology, electronics, energy and biotechnology. Case studies include thermodynamics of block copolymer thin films and their applications in nanolithography, shape memory polymers, hydrogels, and elastomeric deformation and applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATGIC MKTG SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"36144", path:"/courses/36144", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, Marketing 613 is an intensive immersion course designed to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The central activity will be participation in a realistic integrative product management simulation named SABRE. In SABRE, students will form management teams that oversee all critical aspects of modern product management: the design and marketing of new products, advertising budgeting and design, sales force sizing and allocation, and production planning. As in the real world, teams will compete for profitability, and the success that each team has in achieving this goal will be a major driver of the class assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN CAPITALISM", number:"null", id:"40124", path:"/courses/40124", description:"A broad overview of American economic history will be provided by focusing on the following topics: colonial trade patterns, the growth of the market economy, the political economy of slavery, industrial expansion, segmentation in the labor force and changes in work, technological and organizational innovations, business cycles, the rise of the corporate welfare state, the growth of monopoly capitalism, and current economic problems in historical perspective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF MATH PROGRAM: CONCEPTS OF MATHEMATICAL PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"40511", path:"/courses/40511", description:"Introduction to mathematical programming for PhD students who would like to be intelligent and sophisticated consumers of mathematical programming theory but do not plan to specialize in this area. Integer and nonlinear programming are covered, including the fundamentals of each area together with a sense of the state-of-the-art and expected directions of future progress.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUBY ON RALS WEB DEVELP", number:"null", id:"41135", path:"/courses/41135", description:"This course will teach the fundamentals of developing web applications using Ruby on Rails, a rapid-development web framework developed by 37signals. The topics covered will start with Ruby, the language that powers Rails, and include all topics required to develop and deploy production-ready web applications with Rails. During the entire course, students will be working on a project of their own choosing which will develop as they learn additional concepts. Upon completion of the course this application will be deployed and accessible to the public. Students will be encouraged to continue building their applications even afte r the course given support from the Philadelphia Ruby community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL ECON OF DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"37801", path:"/courses/37801", description:"The course surveys some of the principal themes in the political economies of lower income countries. The questions we shall seek to address cover a broad terrain. Who are the key actors? What are their beliefs, interests and motivations? What are their constraints? How are these being affected by closer economic linkages between national economies? While there is no single integrative framework or paradigm into which these themes neatly fit, a common thread is the changing dynamics and interplay between the local, the national, and the global. A familiarity with basic economic concepts will be helpful, but is not necessary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"41609", path:"/courses/41609", description:"Italian 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that will allow you to function comfortably in an Italian-speaking environment. The course will build on your existing skills in Italian, increase your confidence and your ability to read, write, speak and understand the language, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary Italian and to review these. The course materials will allow you to explore culturally relevant topics and to develop cross-cultural skills through the exploration of similarities and differences between your native culture and the Italian world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MED ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"45091", path:"/courses/45091", description:"Introduction to Medical Anthropology takes central concepts in anthropology -- culture, adaptation, human variation, belief, political economy, the body -- and applies them to human health and illness. Students explore key elements of healing systems including healing technologies and healer-patient relationships. Modern day applications for medical anthropology are stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR AND CELLULAR NEUROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36829", path:"/courses/36829", description:"Cellular physiology of neurons and excitable cells, molecular neurobiology and development. Topics include: action potential generation, synaptic transmission, molecular and physiological studies of ion channels, second messengers, simple neural circuits, synaptic plasticity, learning and memory, and neural development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EAST ASIAN DIPLOMACY", number:"null", id:"37344", path:"/courses/37344", description:"This course will survey the history of relations among the great powers in East Asia from 1600 to the present. Special emphasis will be played upon the peculiarities of cross-national exchange in Asia (as compared to Europe), particularly the difficulties of relations among states possessing fundamentally different cultural traditions. We will explore the many informal, as well as formal, means of diplomacy in Asia over the past 400 years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURODEGENERATIVE DISEAS", number:"null", id:"36811", path:"/courses/36811", description:"This course will familiarize students with advances in our understanding of the clinical features and pathogenesis of a wide range of neurodegenerative diseases, including Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, prion diseases, Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonisms, neurodegenerative ataxias, motoneuron diseases, degenerative diseases with chorea, iron and copper disorders, and mitochondrial diseases. Students will analyze original research reports on a range of proposed pathological cellular processes that may represent steps in cell dealth pathways leading to neuron loss seen in these diseases.Significant emphasis will be placed on the fast-expanding field exploring genetic contributions to neurodegenerative disease, as identification of genetic mutations pathogenenic for familial neurodegenerative diseases has been a major driving force in neurodegenerative research and pointed researchers towards essential molecular process that may underlie these disorders. Strategies for therapeutic intervention in the management, prevention, and cure of neurodegenerative disease will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS", number:"null", id:"37734", path:"/courses/37734", description:"Ethics is the study of right and wrong behavior. This introductory course will introduce students to major ethical theories, the possible sources of normativity, and specific ethical problems and questions. Topics may include euthanasia, abortion, animal rights, the family, sexuality, bioethics, crime and punishment and war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: LATIN LITERATURE: ELEGY", number:"null", id:"36011", path:"/courses/36011", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VICTIMOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43241", path:"/courses/43241", description:"This course examines the wide range of victimization experiences from the perspective of the victim, their families and society. Crimes to be studied include workplace violence, corporate crime, robbery, burglary, assault, rape, stalking, domestic violence, homicide, suicide, elderly abuse and child sexual abuse and exploitation. The role of the medical examiner, health care providers and the FBI as they relate to victims of crime will be discussed. Emphasis will be given to exploring the elements of each crime and response patterns to victimizations. Services available to victims of crime will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY AND POETICS", number:"null", id:"39852", path:"/courses/39852", description:"What is poetry and what place does it have among literary forms? What is its relation to culture, history, and our sense of speakers and audiences? This course will focus on various problems in poetic practice and theory, ranging from ancient theories of poetry of Plato and Aristotle to contemporary problems in poetics. In some semesters a particular school of poets may be the focus; in others a historical issue of literary transmission, or a problem of poetic genres, such as lyric, narrative, and dramatic poetry, may be emphasized. The course will provide a basic knowledge of scansion in English with some sense of the historical development of metrics. This course is a good foundation for those who want to continue to study poetry in literary history and for creative writers concentrating on poetry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"42828", path:"/courses/42828", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"39974", path:"/courses/39974", description:"The study and practice of typography spans the history of individual letterforms through the typesetting of full texts. It is a complete immersion into type as an integral part of visual communication. Typesetting conventions and variables including legibility, readability, texture, color and hierarchy will be stressed, as well as a form for organizing information and expressing visual ideas. Studio work will include collecting and analyzing type, designing an original typeface, researching type history and experimenting with typographic forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES: Enabling Technologies", number:"null", id:"40502", path:"/courses/40502", description:"This course is about understanding emerging technology enablers with a goal of stimulating thinking on new applications for commerce. No prerequisite or technical background is assumed. The class is self-contained (mainly lecture-based) and will culminate in a class-driven identification of novel businesses that exploit these enablers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONST LAW & FREE ENTERPR", number:"null", id:"43038", path:"/courses/43038", description:"The course explores the fundamentals of U.S. constitutional doctrine and adjudication, with an emphasis on commercial and business issues and implications of constitutional law. The course starts by considering the Constitution and the structure and relationship of the governmental entities it establishes and upon which it depends. Special attention is given to the role of the federal courts, especially the Supreme Court, in interpreting and applying constitutional principles. From this foundation, the course moves on to examine in detail the major economic and business implications of constitutional law in different eras of the nation's history. A core theme is how historical events and changing notions of public policy have affected and been affected by the evolution of constitutional doctrine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PYTHON PROG", number:"null", id:"35490", path:"/courses/35490", description:"Python is an elegant, concise, and powerful language that is useful for tasks large and small. Python has quickly become a popular language for getting things done efficiently in many in all domains: scripting, systems programming, research tools, and web development. This course will provide an introduction to this modern high-level language using hands-on experience through programming assignments and a collaborative final application development project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY & ITS IMPACTS", number:"null", id:"39819", path:"/courses/39819", description:"The objective is to introduce students to one of the most dominating and compelling areas of human existence and endeavor: energy, with its foundations in technology, from a quantitative sustainability viewpoint with its association to economics and impacts on environment and society. This introduction is intended both for general education and awareness and for preparation for careers related to this field, with emphasis on explaining the technological foundation. The course spans from basic principles to applications. A review of energy consumption, use, and resources; environmental impacts, sustainability and design of sustainable energy systems; introductory aspects of energy economics and carbon trading; methods of energy analysis; forecasting; energy storage; electricity generation and distribution systems (steam and gas turbine based power plans, fuel cells), fossil fuel energy (gas, oil, coal) including nonconventional types (shale gas and oil, oil sands, coalbed and tight-sand gas), nuclear energy wastes: brief introduction to renewable energy use: brief introduction to solar, wind, hydroelectric, geothermal, biomass; energy for buildings, energy for transportation (cars, aircraft, and ships); prospects for future energy systems: fusion power, power generation in space.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISE OF IMAGE CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43609", path:"/courses/43609", description:"Images are ubiquitous in the cultural life of the 21st century, yet only two centries ago they were rare. When and how did pictures come to permeate daily life? How has ordinary experience--psychological, social, cultural, intellectual--changed as a result? This seminar addresses these questions through close reading of influential historical and theoretical writings about the rise of image culture and its effects, including Benjamin, Debord, McLuhan, Mitchell.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37624", path:"/courses/37624", description:"This course will focus on the role of microorganisms in human health and infectious diseases. It will include a description of the main types of microorganisms, how they are identified, their growth requirements, the role of the immune system in controlling infections, the control of animal parasites including viruses, bacteria and fungi and host - microbe interactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARTIAL DIFFER EQUATIONS", number:"null", id:"38887", path:"/courses/38887", description:"Method of separation of variables will be applied to solve the wave, heat, and Laplace equations. In addition, one or more of the following topics will be covered: qualitative properties of solutions of various equations (characteristics, maximum principles, uniqueness theorems), Laplace and Fourier transform methods, and approximation techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE: CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC", number:"null", id:"43071", path:"/courses/43071", description:"Functions of several variables, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential equations; introduction to linear algebra and matrices with applications to linear programming and Markov processes. Elements of probability and statistics. Applications to social and biological sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMIC MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"43140", path:"/courses/43140", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, the goal of this course is to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The course will focus on issues such as the selection of which businesses and segments to compete in, how to allocate resources across businesses, segments, and elements of the marketing mix, as well as other significant strategic issues facing today's managers in a dynamic competitive environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR GRAM & COMP", number:"null", id:"37228", path:"/courses/37228", description:"Intensive review of grammar integrated into writing practice. A good knowledge of basic French grammar is a prerequisite (French 202 or equivalent is recommended). Conducted entirely in French, the course will study selected grammatical difficulties of the French verbal and nominal systems including colloquial usage. Frequent oral and written assignments with opportunity for rewrites. 

Articles from French newspapers and magazines, literary excerpts, and a novel or short stories will be used as supplementary materials in order to prepare students to take content courses in French in disciplines other than French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM VIETNAMESE II", number:"null", id:"38074", path:"/courses/38074", description:"This is the continuation course to ALAN 110-680 Elementary Vietnamese I. It is intended for learners who want to achieve an elementary-level in Vietnamese. Based on an interactive communication approach, its goal is to train students speaking, listening, reading and writing skills in Vietnamese. Learners are thoroughly involved in communicative activities such as conversations, performance simulations, drills, role-plays, games, etc. there are task-based activities in open communication settings where students can practice Vietnamese, make mistakes, and learn from them. Learners improve their reading and writing abilities by developing their grammar and meaning-based vocabulary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"39776", path:"/courses/39776", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamentals of communication behavior. It focuses on social science studies relating to the processes and effects of mass communication. Research reviewed includes media use behavior and media influences on knowledge, perceptions of social reality, aggressive behavior, and political behavior.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRANT WRITING", number:"null", id:"40045", path:"/courses/40045", description:"This course will provide students with the role of the foundation in philanthropy, what it does, how it does it, and what you need to know to be both an effective foundation manager and foundation grant seeker. From the foundation side, the course will include strategic planning, assessment of project resultes, and the responsibilities of the foundation grant program officer. From the grant seeker side, it will include identifying the appropriate foundations, making the connection to the foundation, grant writing, and relationship management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE COEN BROTHERS AND THEIR INFLUENCES", number:"null", id:"35477", path:"/courses/35477", description:"This topic course explores multiple and different aspects of Cinema Studies. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/courses for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCOTTISH LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"37050", path:"/courses/37050", description:"Do you know the difference between 'Britain,' England,' and 'the United Kingdom'? Why do people so often confuse those terms? In this introductory survey, we shall consider British national-identity markers and their histories, and learn to look at 'English Literature' in new ways. Our primary reading will focus on major works in the Scottish literary tradition from 1700 to 2000. Some of our readings will be in Scots; most will be in English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JEWISH FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"37616", path:"/courses/37616", description:"The Jews are among the few nations and ethnic groups whose oral tradition occurs in literary and religious texts dating back more than two thousand years. This tradition changed and diversified over the years in terms of the migrations of Jews into different countries and the historical, social, and cultural changes that these countries underwent. The course attempts to capture the historical and ethnic diversity of Jewish Folklore in a variety of oral literary forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREN HIST/CLTR TIL 1789", number:"null", id:"40031", path:"/courses/40031", description:"An introduction to the social, political and historical institutions of France from the earliest times until the Revolution of 1789. Required for majors in French and also of particular interest to majors in history, international relations, Wharton students, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Religion & Visual Image: Seeing is Believing", number:"null", id:"42080", path:"/courses/42080", description:"Seeing is Believing engages in a historical, theoretical, and cross-cultural analysis of the place of visuality in religion and of religion in visual culture. We will examine images, buildings, places, objects, performances and events. The geographical, cultural and historical scope of the material is broad, including subjects from Europe, the Islamic World, non-Muslim South Asia, the US and Latin America from the medieval period until the present. Theoretical works will be read in conjunction with representative examples to invite intellectual engagement in a socially and historically grounded way. Important issues to be covered include the relationship of visual to material culture; visual theories versus theories of vision; locating religion in human sensory experience; perception at individual and collective levels; authentics, fakes and simulacra; iconoclasm and image veneration; aesthetics, use and utility; and things.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN ISLAM AND POETRY", number:"null", id:"42108", path:"/courses/42108", description:"This course focuses on a basic question: How and why a modern poem turns into a narrative device to debate contemporary Islamic discourses? We begin exploring this question by taking note of how a 12th-century Persian poet Rumi became - as described by Time magazine - 'the best-selling poet in the US today,' and then introduces students to poems and various social, cultural and religious moments that were key in the making of modern Islam. Although the course primarily emphasizes the study of poetry produced and circulated among various Muslim communities world-wide, it also covers covers a diverse set of secondary readings from the field of religious studies, anthropology and literature to outline more clearly the contours of contemporary Islam. Readings begin with internationally famous Rumi and then include poets emerging from Arabic, Persian, Urdu, and several vernacular literary cultures in both Muslim and non-Muslim countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST ANCIENT PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"37735", path:"/courses/37735", description:"This course is an introduction to philosopy in the ancient world. While today, philosophy is considered a branch of academic inquiry, many of the ancient Greeks and Romans, however, held a radically different conception of the discipline. For them, philosophy was nothing less than an entire way of life--not just a set of doctrines or arguments, but an orientation and set of lived practices, a conscious and continual reforming of the self in light of some principle or principles. In this course, we will examine the major movements and figures of ancient philosophy. Major figures will include Socrates, Plato, Aristotle, the Stoics, the Epicureans, and the Skeptics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSIC AMER CONSTIT LAW: Classic American Constitutional Law", number:"null", id:"40589", path:"/courses/40589", description:"This course explores the creation and transformations of the American constitutional system's structures and goals from the nation's founding through the period of Progressive reforms, the rise of the Jim Crow system, and the Spanish American War. Issues include the division of powers between state and national governments, and the branches of the federal government; economic powers of private actors and government regulators; the authority of governments to enforce or transform racial and gender hierarchies; and the extent of religious and expressive freedoms and rights of persons accused of crimes. We will pay special attention to the changing role of the Supreme Court and its decisions in interpreting and shaping American constitutionalism, and we will also read legislative and executive constitutional arguments, party platforms, and other influential statements of American constitutional thought.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TALES OF THE HEIKE", number:"null", id:"35586", path:"/courses/35586", description:"Our subject is Tale of the Heike, a multifaceted narrative of the twelfth-century battles that brought the Taira clan down and led to the establishment of Japan's first military government. We will read the Heike tales with an eye toward how they fictionalize history and idealize certain types, most notably loyal women and warriors; the development of the warrior tale genre; central aspects of the Japanese ethos; and later works of literature based on episodes and characters from the Tale of the Heike. All material is in English translation. (Students of Japanese language may learn to read a famous section in the original.) There are no pre-requisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS.:EM,OPTICS,MODP", number:"null", id:"41978", path:"/courses/41978", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, light and optics, special relativity, the quantum theory of matter, and nuclear physics. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OTTOMAN TURKISH I", number:"null", id:"45010", path:"/courses/45010", description:"This course is an introduction to Ottoman Turkish with basic characteristics. Ottoman Turkish through readings in printed selections will be exercised with different techniques. Students will learn Persian and Arabic effects on Ottoman Turkish. They will be able to read simple texts at the end of this course. General information on Ottoman Turkish will be given to students during this course. This course will be offered one semester during the school year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW OF MKTG & ANTITRUST", number:"null", id:"40207", path:"/courses/40207", description:"The course explores the legal aspects of competition. The aim is to understand what legal obligations a business organization owes to its competitors and consumers. In particular, the course focuses on permissible and impermissible marketing tactics, pricing strategies, use of intellectual property (including patents, copyrights, and trademarks), and exertion of market dominance. The focus is primarily on U.S. law, but the challenges posed by diverse domestic, foreign, and international regimes will also be discussed. The course is useful to students interested in marketing strategy or competitive business strategy, and, more broadly, to anyone desiring to understand the legal and public policy issues relating to competitive business interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RACE & CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"36413", path:"/courses/36413", description:"Why are African Americans and some other minority groups disproportionately incarcerated and subjected to penal sanctions? What are the political, social and economic consequences for individuals, communities, and the wider society of mass incarceration in the United States? What types of reforms of the criminal justice system are desirable and possible? This advanced seminar analyzes the connection between race, crime, punishment, and politics in the United States. The primary focus is on the role of race in explaining why the country's prison population increased six-fold since the early 1970s and why the United States today has the highest incarceration rate in the world. The class will likely take field trips to a maximum-security jail in Philadelphia and to a state prison in the Philadelphia suburbs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED COMP GRAPHICS", number:"null", id:"43915", path:"/courses/43915", description:"This course is designed to provide a comprehensive overview to computer graphics techniques in 3D modeling, image synthesis, and rendering. Topics cover: geometric transformations, geometric algorithms, software systems, 3D object models (surface, volume and implicit), visible surface algorithms, image synthesis, shading, mapping, ray tracing, radiosity, global illumination, sampling, anti- aliasing, Monte Carlo path tracing, and photon mapping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"36743", path:"/courses/36743", description:"This is the beginners course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). It will introduce you to the speaking, listening, reading and writing skills in the standard means of communication in the Arab World. The course is proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. Evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, dictations, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that by the end of this course (ARAB 031) students will range in proficiency from Novice High to Intermediate Low on the ACTFL scale; in other words (using the terminology of the government's Foreign Service Institute), from 'incipient survival' to 'full' survival' in the native-speaking environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE OF TECHNOLOGY: Culture and Institutions of the Tech Sector:Bridging Research & Practice", number:"null", id:"40312", path:"/courses/40312", description:"Academics, students and practitioners alike are fascinated by the culture of tech sector--its people, practices, and organization. In this course we explore this sector using a combination of academic research papers and practitioner involvement. Each class session will be devoted to discussion of a single research article, during which we will be joined via Telepresence technology by a Wharton alum from the tech sector whose expertise is relevant to the paper topic. Therefore, the learning objectives of this half-credit course are to: 1)Understand the managerial, organizational, and regional institutions that characterize the tech sector, with particular emphasis on the case of Silicon Valley 2)Bridge research and practice by critical analysis of academic research in conjunction with practitioner input 3) Forge connections with tech sector practitioners, particularly with our west coast alumni base. Registration is by application only; Penn In Touch requests will not be processed. Enrollment is limited. The link to the application form will be available on the Management Department's website: https://mgmt.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/undergraduate, beginning March 21, 2016 through midnight on April 3, 2016.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"36069", path:"/courses/36069", description:"Continuation of MATH 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO QUANT MECH", number:"null", id:"37775", path:"/courses/37775", description:"An introduction to the principles of quantum mechanics designed for physics majors and graduate students in physics-related disciplines. The Schrodinger equation operator formalism, central field problem, angular momentum, and spin.Application to one-dimensional and central field problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MODELING", number:"null", id:"36569", path:"/courses/36569", description:"This six-week, elective MBA course continues the required MBA statistics course, Stat 613. It expands the material covered in Stat 613 in several ways, adding both breadth (e.g., logistic regression) and depth to the coverage of regression (e.g., more diagnostics, model selection). The course emphasizes the models for decision making from large data sets, as common in data-mining. Lectures feature extensive analysis of large data sets from marketing, personal finance, and management. The course presumes that students are familiar with the inferential methods covered in STAT 613 (including hypothesis tests, confidence intervals, p-values) as well as the use and interpretation of least squares regression models. The course also uses JMP as in STAT 613. Beginning with a review of these concepts, STAT 622 covers related methodologies that produce fits that resemble and extend regression models. The methodologies include those that expand the nature of the predictors (as in the use of special transformations in time series and the construction of regression trees) and allow the use of categorical reponses (logistic regression). The course concludes by exploring the relationship between a regression fit to observational data and an analysis of variance estimated from experimental data, as in a conjoint analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATHEMAT METHODS OF PHYS", number:"null", id:"41992", path:"/courses/41992", description:"A discussion of those concepts and techniques of classical analysis employed inphysical theories. Topics include complex analysis. Fourier series and transforms, ordinary and partial equations, Hilbert spaces, among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"37384", path:"/courses/37384", description:"The course is conducted entirely in Italian and should be taken after completion of Italian 201 or equivalent. It is designed to enable students to acquire language proficiency in the current Italian business and labor world. Business terminology will be used in specific business situations such as banking, trade, communications, etc. The course will examine Italian business practices, cultural differences such as the attitude towards money, work, leisure and consumerism through websites, newspaper and magazine articles and video clips. Students will learn to read business publications, write and compose business texts, and participate in business-related conversations. Additionally, guest lecturers from the local business world with ties to Italy will provide students with information about internship and job opportunities and the knowledge necessary to navigate international and Italian commercial routes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THAT'S MY SONG: MUSIC AS: SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"43171", path:"/courses/43171", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small setting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics will be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:/www .college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php. Fulfills Arts and Letters sector requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINEAR STAT MOD", number:"null", id:"43547", path:"/courses/43547", description:"Theory of the Gaussian Linear Model, with applications to illustrate and complement the theory. Distribution theory of standard tests and estimates in multiple regression and ANOVA models. Model selection and its consequences. Random effects, Bayes, empirical Bayes and minimax estimation for such models. Generalized (Log-linear) models for specific non-Gaussian settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORIES OF THE COSMOS", number:"null", id:"40166", path:"/courses/40166", description:"This course examines histories of 'cosmopolitics': the ways in which scientists, technologists, artists, politicians, artists, architects, and others have planned, labored, and negotiated to build a world or universe in common. Cosmopolitics can be seen as a central topic of all of Science and Technology Studies (STS), history of science, and anthropology-since these fields investigate the ways in which natural and social orders get elaborated, challenged, and defended through concrete material and intellectual practices. The course adds a new tool: the study of 'cosmograms': concrete objects-books, buildings, poems, sculptures, symphonies, narratives, pictures, etc.-through which humans have, in specific times and places, sought to represent to each other the overall structure, content, meaning, order, essence, origin, and future of the universe as a whole. These objects both inscribe and overcome divisions between art, science, and religion. Studying cosmograms in action, as part of specific local histories in which the general and universal order of things are getting worked out, is a way of grasping the processes and implications of controversies over knowledge, in their political, aesthetic, ethical, as well epistemological dimensions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR MODERN HEBREW IV", number:"null", id:"42920", path:"/courses/42920", description:"This course constitutes the final semester of Intermediate Modern Hebrew. Hence, one of the main goals of the course is to prepare the students for the proficiency exam in Hebrew. Emphasis will be placed on grammar skills and ability to read literary texts. Open to all students who have completed three semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSTAINABILITY & UTOPIA", number:"null", id:"37271", path:"/courses/37271", description:"This seminar explores how the humanities can contribute to discussions of sustainability. We begin by investigating the contested term itself, paying close attention to critics and activists who deplore the very idea that we should try to sustain our, in their eyes, dystopian present, one marked by environmental catastrophe as well as by an assault on the educational ideals long embodied in the humanities. We then turn to classic humanist texts on utopia, beginning with More's fictive island of 1517. The 'origins of environmentalism' lie in such depictions of island edens (Richard Grove), and our course proceeds to analyze classic utopian tests from American, English, and German literatures. Readings extend to utopian visions from Europe and America of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, as well as literary and visual texts that deal with contemporary nuclear and flood catastrophes. Authors include: Bill McKibben, Jill Kerr Conway, Christopher Newfield, Thomas More, Francis Bacon, Karl Marx, Henry David Thoreau, Robert Owens, William Morris, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Ayn Rand, Christa Wolf, and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUMERICAL MTHDS & MODLNG", number:"null", id:"42725", path:"/courses/42725", description:"This course provides an advanced introduction to various numerical methods for solving systems of algebraic equations (linear and non-linear) and differential equations (ordinary and partial). Techniques covered include Newton's method, implicit and explicit time stepping, and the finite difference and finite element methods. The MATLAB software package will be used to implement the various methods and execute representative calculations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STUDY-ORGAN EFFECT: Collaborative Innovation Program", number:"null", id:"43132", path:"/courses/43132", description:"Business success is increasingly driven by a firm's ability to create and capture value through innovation. Thus, the processes used by firms to develop innovations, the choices they make regarding how to commercialize their innovations, the changes they make to their business models to adapt to the dynamic environment, and the strategies they use to position and build a dominate competitive position are important issues facing firms. In MGMT. 892, you will learn to address these issues through an action learning approach. MGMT. 892 is a 1.0-credit course conducted in the spirit of an independent study. By working on consulting projects for leading global companies, you will develop and then apply your knowledge about innovation management and help these firms better understand the challenges and opportunities posed by emerging technologies and markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38256", path:"/courses/38256", description:"This course will explain in non-mathematical terms how essentially all biological properties are determined by the microscopic chemical properties of proteins. It will also explain how research results, especially those of structural biology, are presented to its various audiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Indian Philosophy", number:"null", id:"37882", path:"/courses/37882", description:"This course will take the student through the major topics of Indian philosophy by first introducing the fundamental concepts and terms that are necessary for a deeper understanding of themes that pervade the philosophical literature of India -- arguments for and against the existence of God, for example, the ontological status of external objects, the means of valid knowledge, standardsof proof, the discourse on the aims of life. The readings will emphasize classical Hindu, Buddhist, and Jain philosophical articulations (from 700 B.C.Eto 16th century CE) but we will also supplement our study of these materials with contemporary or relatively recent philosophical writings in modern India.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP SOCIAL PSYC", number:"null", id:"39250", path:"/courses/39250", description:"In this course, students will work in small groups to develop, empirically test , and report on a research question within one of the domains of cultural psychology, such as emotion, motivation, social perception, morality, or food and eating. Depending on the nature of the project, students will employ survey,experimental, or observational research methodology, and learn how to to conduct and report the appropriate statistical tests with Excel and/or SPSS (typically, correlations, t-tests, ANOVA and ANCOVA, multiple regression, , factor analysis, and measures of reliability). Class discussions will help students craft their projects, and in-class presentations will provide the opportunity to develop and refine presentation skills. Psychology majors only. Class size is limited to 14 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBED SYS/MICROCONT LAB", number:"null", id:"42744", path:"/courses/42744", description:"An introduction to interfacing real-world sensors and actuators to embedded microprocessor systems. Concepts needed for building electronic systems for real-time operation and user interaction, such as digital input/outputs, interrupt service routines, serial communications, and analog-to-digital conversion will be covered. The course will conclude with a final project where student-designed projects are featured in presentations and demonstrations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOSTOEVSKY", number:"null", id:"42092", path:"/courses/42092", description:"This course explores the ways Fyodor Dostoevsky (1821-1881) portrays the 'inner world(s)' of his characters. Dostoevsky's psychological method will be considered against the historical, ideological, and literary contexts of middle to late nineteenth-century Russia. The course consists of three parts External World (the contexts of Dostoevsky), 'Inside' Dostoevsky's World (the author's technique and ideas) and The World of Text (close reading of Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov). Students will write three essays on various aspects of Dostoevsky's 'spiritual realism.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART/CONTEMPORARY SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"38141", path:"/courses/38141", description:"How do you perform freedom? Is it something you have, or is it something you aspire towards and struggle to achieve? What role does art play in this process? This course will explore how artists in the 21st century have constructed newly creative and critical spaces of freedom through art, and how art functions as a mechanism for reflecting on contemporary identity and society. We will be attentive to how our understanding of freedom can change over time, and what happens when our personal and collective definitions come into conflict with others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"41400", path:"/courses/41400", description:"The study and practice of typography spans the history of individual letterforms through the typesetting of full texts. It is a complete immersion into type as an integral part of visual communication. Typesetting conventions and variables including legibility, readability, texture, color and hierarchy will be stressed, as well as a form for organizing information and expressing visual ideas. Studio work will include collecting and analyzing type, designing an original typeface, researching type history and experimenting with typographic forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE IV", number:"null", id:"37668", path:"/courses/37668", description:"This course provides a systems approach to examining specialty surgical procedures and the anesthesia requirements for each. Analysis of the pre-anesthesia assessment, the intraoperative monitoring and the post-anesthesia care required for patients undergoing the surgical procedure will be presented. Population specific considerations will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & BEHAVIORAL CARE PLANNING & INTERVENTION FOR AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORD", number:"null", id:"39073", path:"/courses/39073", description:"Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course focuses on the application of various treatment approaches to the management of acute and chronic problems of autism spectrum disorder. Approaches to behavioral, psychological and medical co-morbidities are explored, practiced and evaluated. Students' clinical experiences build on the previous semester and continue with the application of class instruction to patient and family care. The student works closely with behaviorists, psychologists and occupational therapists to integrate nursing care planning with other services. This case approach continues, and exposure to a second family is added to expand learning opportunities and develop nursing services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NON-PROFIT COMM STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"35554", path:"/courses/35554", description:"The success of a nonprofit organization as defined by its efforts to fulfill its mission is tied directly its ability to clearly articulate its need, its vision and the specific programs it does or will employ to achieve that mission. This clear and persuasive communication is integral to its ability to raise funds, to establish a credible voice for lobbying or advocacy and in its efforts to engage the widest possible base of stakeholders. This class will explore the ways in which nonprofits engage in strategic communications. We will look at public service campaigns, ongoing press efforts, social media strategies, fundraising appeals and public speaking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"43814", path:"/courses/43814", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Two broad areas will be considered 1) Molecular Biology: DNA replication, transcription, translation, regulation of gene expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic systems, and genomics and 2) Genetics: basic Mendelian & molecular genetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCAL OPS IN TECH VENTURE: Scaling Operations in Technology Ventures: Linking Strategy and Execution", number:"null", id:"44717", path:"/courses/44717", description:"This course helps students learn to make strategic scaling decisions that are grounded in operational reality. Students will study how to build and evaluate the 'operation systems' of the firm to maximize value with the focus on scaling the firm's operations. This involves tailoring the firm's operational competencies, assets, and processes to a specific business strategy. The course will approach the challenge of scaling operations and operations strategy by taking a holistic view that incorporates competitive strategy, financial evaluation, and the customer experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCE IN EUROPE", number:"null", id:"38627", path:"/courses/38627", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY FIELD PROJEC", number:"null", id:"36723", path:"/courses/36723", description:"First-hand participation in research project in historical archaeology in Southern New Jersey. Transportation provided by the university. Students will assist in excavations and archival research on local archaeological sites. Class is open to all undergraduates, no previous archaeological experience is required. Attendance will involve Fridays or Saturdays, all day from 8:00 to 5:00 including travel time to the excavations and back to the University Museum. Students enroll for only one day (F or S). Enrollment is limited so specific permission of the instructor is required (Robert L. Schuyler: schuyler@sas.upenn.edu; (215)898-6965; U Museum 412). A follow up laboratory course (Anth 220 in the spring semester) will also be available during which the artifacts and documentary sources collected in the fall will be analyzed at the University Museum. Course may be repeated for credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES DRUG ACTION", number:"null", id:"39635", path:"/courses/39635", description:"Principles of Drug Action covers the concepts of pharmacological sciences as they relate to biochemistry, cell biology, and drug therapy. The intent of the course is to provide a solid grounding in targets of drug action, dose-response relationships, pharmacodynamics, and pharmacokinetics. The grounding is achieved by a discussion of these concepts explicitly and, through selected examples, implicitly. The first part of the course covers each of the concepts. Emphasis is placed on the integration with principles of cell biology and biochemistry. The second part of the course covers selected therapeutic applications. The applications chosen fall within four areas: cardiovascular, brain and behavior, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial. They are used to recapitulate important concepts and provide insight into the interplay between pharmacology and human physiology. The applications and the areas they represent are by no means comprehensive, but students will be able to pursue additional interests through papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OLD ENGLISH", number:"null", id:"41268", path:"/courses/41268", description:"This course introduces students to the powerful and influential corpus of Old English literature. We will read a wide variety of texts: short poems such as The Wonderer, The Seafarer, The Wife's Lament and the passionate religious poem The Dream of The Rood; chronicles such as The Battle Of Maldon Against The Vikings, The Old Testament, Exodus and Bede's Conversion Of The English; and selections from the greatest of all English epics, Beowulf. Readings will be in Old English, and the first few weeks of the course will be devoted to mastering Old English prosody, vocabulary, and grammar (as well as a crash course on the early history of the English language). During the last few weeks we may read modern criticism of Old English poetry, or we will consider the modern poetic reception of Old English literature and explore theories and problems of translation, reading translations of Old English poems by Yeats, Auden, Tolkien, and Heaney.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS FILM STUDIES: HISTORICAL FILMS", number:"null", id:"39699", path:"/courses/39699", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film Practice intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSTRUCT A LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"41659", path:"/courses/41659", description:"In this course, students construct their own language, one that is compatible with what is known about possible human languages. To this end, the course investigates language typology through lectures and examination of grammars of unfamiliar languages. Topics include language universals, points of choice in a fixed decision space, and dependencies among choices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VALUE CREATION & VAL CAP: Value Creation and Value Capture in American Business History", number:"null", id:"43123", path:"/courses/43123", description:"This course examines how the kind of firms in which most Wharton students will spend the next stage of their careers came to be as they are today. At a superficial level, the course's objectives are descriptive and narrative. Its deeper purpose is to give students some idea of how to think about the future evolution of firms and industries. The course will discuss the historical development of the business enterprise as an institution. It will also cover the evolution of competition and strategy and of corporate finance. The focus will be on American developments, since many of the innovations took place here, but there is scope for comparison with institutions in Japan and the leading European economies if there is student interest. The course considers issues arising in anumber of different management disciplines and shows off their interrelationships. In terms of the Wharton curriculum and of recent research, strategy issues,and in particular the set of issues concerning how value can be created and captured at the enterprise level, are a running theme.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYMPHONY", number:"null", id:"40377", path:"/courses/40377", description:"This course will focus on a specific repertoire of representative symphonies by such composers as Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Berlioz, Schumann, Brahms, Tchaikowsky, and Mahler. Historical developments will be considered, along with the effects upon symphonic literature of such major sociological changes as the emergence of the public concert hall. But the emphasis will be on the music itself--particularly on the ways we can sharpen our abilities to engage and comprehend the composers' musical rhetoric. Topics will alternate term to term.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE", number:"null", id:"41144", path:"/courses/41144", description:"This course investigates algorithms to implement resource-limited knowledge-based agents which sense and act in the world. Topics include, search, machine learning, probabilistic reasoning, natural language processing, knowledge representation and logic. After a brief introduction to the language, programming assignments wil l be in Python.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALIST: CLINICAL I (280 CLINICAL HOURS)", number:"null", id:"43281", path:"/courses/43281", description:"This clinical course provides students the opportunity to apply CNS theory to practice and enables students to develop strategies to overcome barriers to safe, quality healthcare delivery. Students acquire knowledge and skills characteristic of CNS practice particularly as it relates to clinical judgment, facilitation of learning, advocacy and moral agency, caring practice and response to diversity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE AND THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"44845", path:"/courses/44845", description:"This course describes current theorizing on how the human mind achieves high-level cognitive processes such as using language, thinking, and reasoning. The course discusses issues such as whether the language ability is unique to humans, whether there is a critical period to the acquisition of a language, the nature of conceptual knowledge, how people perform deductive reasoning and induction, and how linguistic and conceptual knowledge interact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"36419", path:"/courses/36419", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DANTE'S WORKS", number:"null", id:"41613", path:"/courses/41613", description:"Please check the department's website for the course description at: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/graduate/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"44531", path:"/courses/44531", description:"This is a course on creating a business to attack a social problem and thereby accomplish both social impact and financial sustainability. For this course, social entrepreneurship is defined as entrepreneurship used to profitably confront social problems. This definition therefore views social entrepreneurship as a distinct alternative to public sector initiatives. The basic thesis is that many social problems, if looked at through an entrepreneurial lens, create opportunity for someone to launch a venture that generates profits by alleviating that social problem. This sets in motion a virtuous cycle - the entrepreneur is incented to generate more profits and in so doing, the more the profits made, the more the problem is alleviated. Even if it is not possible to eventually create a profit-making enterprise, the process of striving to do so can lead to a resource-lean not-for-profit entity. Creating a profitable social entrepreneurship venture is by no means a simple challenge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTISM EPIDEMIC", number:"null", id:"40151", path:"/courses/40151", description:"The CDC estimates that 1 in 150 children have autism. Three decades ago, this number was 1 in 5,000. The communities in which these children are identified in ever increasing numbers are ill prepared to meet their needs. Scientists have struggled to understand the causes of this disorder, its treatment, and why it appears to be rapidly increasing. Families, policy makers, schools and the healthcare system have argued bitterly in the press and in the courts about the best way to cre for these children and the best ways to pay for this care. In this class, we will use autism as a case study to understnad how psychiatric and developmental disorders of childhood come to be defined over time, their biologocal and environmental causes identified, and treatments developed. We will also discuss the identification and care of these children in the broader context of the American education and healthcare systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE-ENGLISH TRANSL", number:"null", id:"41623", path:"/courses/41623", description:"In this course, students learn basic techniques and skills in translation through hands-on practices. Depending on the interests of enrolled students, both literary and non-literary texts are drawn from a wide range of fields, including popular culture (e.g. manga, animation, film, game, music, and short story), religion, law, and medicine. As students read papers pertinent to principles and problems of translation from Japanese to English, they acquire practical experience in translation tasks and approaches, learn cultural and communicative differences between Japanese and English, and familiarize themselves with ethics and resources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERNAL AND INFANT CARE IN THE AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"44659", path:"/courses/44659", description:"This clinical elective will provide an intensive historical, sociopolitical, and cultural perspective of health and health care delivery in the Americas with a special emphasis on Latin America and the Caribbean. Classroom, direct clinical care and field experiences are designed to provide students with a broad view of the history and culture system of the country of focus. The delivery of health care to women and children will be explored from a sociopolitical, cultural and historical context. Service learning experiences are an integral component of this course. The course includes 5 seminars on campus and 10-14 days on site in the country of focus. The country of focus may vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SANSKRIT LIT & POETRY: SANSKRIT LITERATURE AND POETRY", number:"null", id:"36495", path:"/courses/36495", description:"This course will focus solely on the specific genres, themes, and aesthetics of Sanskrit literature (the hymn, the epic, the lyric, prose, drama, story literature, the sutra, etc.) and a study of the history and specific topics of Sanskrit poetics and dramaturgy. All readings will be in translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT ROME", number:"null", id:"38079", path:"/courses/38079", description:"The Roman Empire was one of the few great world states-one that unified a large area around the Mediterranean Sea-an area never subsequently united as part of a single state. Whereas the great achievements of the Greeks were in the realm of ideas and concepts (democracy, philosophy, art, literature, drama) those of the Romans tended to be in the pragmatic spheres of ruling and controlling subject peoples and integrating them under the aegis of an imperial state. Conquest, warfare, administration, and law making were the great successes of the Roman state. We will look at this process from its inception and trace the formation of Rome's Mediterranean empire over the last three centuries BC; we shall then consider the social, economic and political consequences of this great achievement, especially the great political transition from the Republic (rule by the Senate) to the Principate (rule by emperors). We shall also consider limitations to Roman power and various types of challenges, military, cultural, and religious, to the hegemony of the Roman state. Finally, we shall try to understand the process of the development of a distinctive Roman culture from the emergence new forms of literature, like satire, to the gladiatorial arena as typical elements that contributed to a Roman social order.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURBIOL BRAIN DISORDERS", number:"null", id:"39601", path:"/courses/39601", description:"The human brain is clearly the most complicated and magical organ in the body. We don't completely understand how it works, but we do know, unfortunately, fora variety of reasons, the human brain is prone to failure, either by acute injury, chronic degeneration, genetic flaws in its composition, or unknown disturbances in its behavior. Diseases of the brain can take many forms but are all uniformly devastating for individuals, families, and our society, and are also very costly. This course will explore the ways in which various brain disorders (both neurological and psychiatric) manifest themselves and discuss their underlying neurobiological mechanisms. In addition, the social and economic inpact of these diseases on society will be considered, as well as some well publicized political issues surrounding many on these brain disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERNAL AND INFANT CARE IN THE AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"43245", path:"/courses/43245", description:"This clinical elective will provide an intensive historical, sociopolitical, and cultural perspective of health and health care delivery in the Americas with a special emphasis on Latin America and the Caribbean. Classroom, direct clinical care and field experiences are designed to provide students with a broad view of the history and culture system of the country of focus. The delivery of health care to women and children will be explored from a sociopolitical, cultural and historical context. Service learning experiences are an integral component of this course. The course includes 5 seminars on campus and 10-14 days on site in the country of focus. The country of focus may vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL CORP FINAN", number:"null", id:"38592", path:"/courses/38592", description:"Analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics include managing exchange risk through hedging and financing, measuring exchange rate exposure, calculating the cost of capital for foreign operations, assessment of sovereign risks, capital budgeting from a project and parent perspective, and international taxation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRM MODERN HEBREW III", number:"null", id:"40100", path:"/courses/40100", description:"Development of the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew on an intermediate level. Open to all students who have completed two semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATABASE & INFO SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38324", path:"/courses/38324", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad field of database and information systems, covering a variety of topics relating to structured data, ranging from data modeling to logical foundations and popular languages, to system implementations. We will study the theory of relational and XML data design; the basics of query languages; efficient storage of data, execution of queries and query optimization; transactions and updates; web-database development; and 'big data' and NoSQL systems. The course assumes mathematical and programming experience equivalent to CIS160 and CIS121.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RICH AND THE POOR", number:"null", id:"43491", path:"/courses/43491", description:"Who is rich? Who is poor? This course examines how wealth and income are distributed in the United States, and how its distribution affects individuals, groups, institutions, and society. We will gain a fuller understanding of what social class is and discuss how it affects all aspects of life, including: quality of schooling, access to employment, child rearing, and even tastes, preferences, and identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"41529", path:"/courses/41529", description:"A continuation of HEBR 051, First Year Modern Hebrew, which assumes basic skills of reading and speaking and the use of the present tense. Open to all students who have completed one semester of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY B", number:"null", id:"39611", path:"/courses/39611", description:"General principles of biology focusing on structure and function of animals, with emphasis on the principles of physiology, development, evolution, ecology, and the diversity of adaptations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"40082", path:"/courses/40082", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"42778", path:"/courses/42778", description:"The course offers an introduction to several forms of printmaking including: intaglio, screen printing, relief, and monoprinting. Through in-class demonstrations students are introduced to various approaches to making and printing in each medium. The course enhances a student's capacity for developing images through two-dimensional design and conceptual processes. Technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN, CINEMA AND SOCIETY IN FRANCE SINCE 1944", number:"null", id:"40035", path:"/courses/40035", description:"Topics vary. Please see the French Department's website for a description of the current offerings: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CSE STY:CULTURE OF BIRTH", number:"null", id:"41845", path:"/courses/41845", description:"This course will explore the cultural context of birth and the activities of women and professionals and/or attendants in meeting the health care needs of pregnant women. The history of caring for women at birth, international health care, cultural mores/societal values, place of birth, psychosocial factors, ethical decision-making and the role of technology are content areas that will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECT GEOMTRY & TOPOLGY", number:"null", id:"37482", path:"/courses/37482", description:"Informal introduction to such subjects as homology and homotopy theory, classical differential geometry, dynamical systems, and knot theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING OF OLDER ADULTS", number:"null", id:"37637", path:"/courses/37637", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of older adults. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses nursing phenomena of concern including the unique set of principles and body of knowledge and skills necessary to the practice of nursing with older adults. Students are provided with the theoretical background necessary to understand health system issues affecting older adults. Students will attain the knowledge necessary to complete a comprehensive assessment of the older adult's physical, functional, psychosocial, and cognitive capacities. Common problems associated with cardiovascular, respiratory, neurological, musculoskeletal, sensory, and genitourinary systems that affect older adults will be discussed. In addition, principles of continuity of care, rehabilitation, nutritional and pharmacodynamic changes, cultural diversity and ethics will be integrated throughout the course. Clinical experiences in acute care hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care, and knowledge integration. 

Special emphasis is placed on transitional care for older adults across the health care continuum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF STAGE DESIGN", number:"null", id:"37982", path:"/courses/37982", description:"In this course we will cover the basic concepts of Scenic Design for the stage. Scene Design is about the look or physical appearance of the stage for a play. It reflects the way that the stage is composed artistically in regard to props, actors, shapes and color. We will explore Scene Design and the Theatre (story telling, place and local, time and period, society and culture) , Scene Design as a Visual Art (principals of design and composition, style, use of space, expression of concept) and examine how it ties together all the visual elements of a production to create an appropriate atmosphere that heightens the audience's understanding and enjoyment of the play. Topics will include: Script Analysis, Technical Production, Period Decor and Ornament; Drawing, Drafting, Model Making; and Scene Painting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"38918", path:"/courses/38918", description:"MGMT 230 integrates the material introduced in business fundamental courses and applies it to the design and evaluation of new ventures. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth and to foster innovation and new business formations in independent and corporate settings. The course addresses both a theoretical perspective on venture initiation and the application of writing an actual business plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL SUPP CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"43304", path:"/courses/43304", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN STATEMENT & DIS ANA", number:"null", id:"38049", path:"/courses/38049", description:"This course focuses on the analysis of financial communications between corporate managers and outsiders, including the required financial statements, voluntary disclosures, and interactions with investors, analysts, and the media. The course draws on the findings of recent academic research to discuss a number of techniques that outsiders can use to detect potential bias or aggressiveness in financial reporting. FORMAT: Case discussions and lectures. Comprehensive final exam, group project, case write-ups, and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT GREEK COLONIES", number:"null", id:"43944", path:"/courses/43944", description:"This seminar examines the archaeology of Greek colonization from the Late Bronze Age to ca. 500 B.C. These colonies were highly diverse in their motivations, physical settings, and political and social structures, as well as in their relationships with mother cities and the new worlds they inhabited. Emphasis is placed on the colonial experience as a cross-cultural and negotiated process; several streams of the changing theoretical and conceptual approaches to Greek colonization are explored. In addition to archaeological and epigraphic evidence, literary and historical traditions are examined. Colonies from the southern Balkan peninsula, Black Sea, Ionia, northern Africa, and Magna Graecia will be the focus of reading and reports.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CS STY: Addressing the Social Determinants of Health: Community Engagement", number:"null", id:"43225", path:"/courses/43225", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FRENCH", number:"null", id:"35823", path:"/courses/35823", description:"French 202 is a one-semester third-year level French course. It is designed to prepare students for subsequent study in upper-level courses in French and francophone literature, linguistics, civilization, cinema, etc. It is required for students who have completed 140 and recommended for those with an equivalent level, wishing to continue in more advanced French courses or preparing for study abroad. Exceptions can be made with permission of the undergraduate chair.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATION/CONFLICT RES", number:"null", id:"41641", path:"/courses/41641", description:"This course includes not only conflict resolution but techniques which help manage and even encourage the valuable aspects of conflict. The central issues of this course deal with understanding the behavior of individuals, groups, and organizations in conflict management situations. The purpose of this course is to understand the theory and processes of negotiations as it is practiced ina variety of settings. The course is designed to be relevant to the broad specturm of problems that are faced by the manager and professional including management of multinationals, ethical issues, and alternative dispute resolutions. Cross listed w/ LGST 206 & OPIM 291.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO OID", number:"null", id:"41922", path:"/courses/41922", description:"OIDD 101 explores a variety of common quantitative modeling problems that arise frequently in business settings, and discusses how they can be formally modeled and solved with a combination of business insight and computer-based tools. The key topics covered include capacity management, service operations, inventory control, structured decision making, constrained optimization and simulation. This course teaches how to model complex business situations and how to master tools to improve business performance. The goal is to provide a set of foundational skills useful for future coursework atWharton as well as providing an overview of problems and techniques that characterize disciplines that comprise Operations and Information Management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP POL. WELFARE STATE", number:"null", id:"44833", path:"/courses/44833", description:"This class explores the origins, development, and possible futures of social policy regimes in the industrialized countries, in the context of broader political and historical trends. Topics include pensions, health care, and poverty alleviation; 'families' of welfare states; the relationship between labor markets and social policy; feminist and Marxist critiques of welfare states and welfare state studies. Open to graduate students and qualified undergraduates with permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICA, DECOLONIZATION, AND INTERNATIONALISM", number:"null", id:"42283", path:"/courses/42283", description:"In 1955, delegates from the Gold Coast, which would soon become the independent nation of Ghana, attended the first large-scale Afro-Asian conference alongside representatives from Indonesia, India, China, and other nations. The Bandung Conference is just one example of the importance of international linkages in the era of decolonization. This course will address decolonization in Africa within an international context and examine how African nationalism was forged in an interconnected world. Students will learn how African political thinkers engaged with, contributed to, and were shaped by intercontinental currents of thought, including Pan-Africanism, Pan-Arabism, communism, socialism, and the Non-Aligned Movement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COSMOPOLITAN URBANISM: RIO DE JANEIRO", number:"null", id:"35311", path:"/courses/35311", description:"Note: this course requires travel to Rio de Janiero, Brazil over spring break. The city of Rio de Janiero has been an important site for the development of a range of urban and architectural strategies across the 20th century. This course will explore the recent history of urban change in the city as means to understand the multiple and contingent pressures placed on metropolitan centers in the 21st century. Rio is both unique and representative of a broader trend. The city has long been the center of Brazilian culture, and as such has reflected changes in: political conditions (from democracy to dictatorship and back); economic conditions (the consolidation of developing economies and the BRIC blo); environmental and resource conditions (coastal resilience, energy and exploitation), and many other aspects of risk and opportunity. Rio has also been central to the architectural and urban history of Brazil, from the colonial period to the present, and for many years was the most important global centers of modern architecture. Today, Rio faces the same struggles as many other global cities - in terms of economic growth, concerns over economic inequality, the strain of aging infrastructure - while also continuing to present itself as the vibrant center of Brazilian culture. This is perhaps most potent in the hosting of the World Cup in 2014, and the", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREAKS AND GEEKS", number:"null", id:"36983", path:"/courses/36983", description:"In life as in fashion, either you are in or you are out. Except in life, the inside and the outside are always changing, depending on who makes the rules, where the inside is situated, who is doing the displaying. In this course, we will explore who the freaks are and who who they were, where they can be found, how they came to be defined, and how this changed. Starting with the nineteenth-century freakshow, we move through time charting outsiders and their representations, including male and female hysterics, war wounded, medical 'cases,' and the mentally ill. As we progress through the twentieth century, will discuss subcultures and alternative communities, thinking through the rise of 'geek chic' and the dominance of the computer geek as a reversal of traditional trends. We will discuss current models of the exhibition of human types, including bodyworlds and The Learning Channel programming. As we circle around our own moment in time, we will ask: who are the freaks today? This interdisciplinary course will incorporate historical primary source documents, scholarly secondary works, a range of creative materials including films , plays, television shows, and works of art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMANTICS II", number:"null", id:"43066", path:"/courses/43066", description:"The first part of the course expands the system from LING 580 to include intensional contexts. In particular, we discuss analyses of modals, attitude verbs, and conditionals, as well as the scope of noun phrases in modal environments. The second part of the course discusses a selection of topics from current work in semantics, such as the semantics of questions, tense and aspect, donkey anaphora, indefinites, genericity, degree constructions, events and situations, domain restriction, plurality and focus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGIONS OF AFRICANA DIASPORA", number:"null", id:"40894", path:"/courses/40894", description:"Religions of the African Diaspora - Religion shapes and defines the lives of many persons in the Africans Diaspora. This course will explore both the historical and present day manifestations of religions practices by those in the African Diaspora, including Voodu, Candomble, Obeah, Rastafari, African Initiated Churches, Pentecostalism, and Catholicism. Theoretical issues including sexuality, gender, and material culture will also be covered in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS:MECH,HEAT,SOUND", number:"null", id:"43345", path:"/courses/43345", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of motion, including kinematics, forces in nature, Newton's laws of motion, conservation of energy and momentum, fluid statics and dynamics, oscillations, and waves. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 101 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECH II", number:"null", id:"36913", path:"/courses/36913", description:"This is an introductory course about Basic Algorithms and Data Structures using the Java programming language. We introduce elementary concepts about the complexity of an algorithm and methods for analyzing the running time of software. We describe data structures like stacks, queues, lists, trees, priority queues, maps, hash tables and graphs, and we discuss how to implement them efficiently and how to use them in problems-solving software. A larger project introducing students to some of the challenges of software development concludes the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"43886", path:"/courses/43886", description:"Chin 482 is a continuation of Chin 481. Following the format of Chin 481, Advanced Business Chinese I, this course covers topics on Eastern and Western management styles, the global financial market, China's financial market reforms, and mergers and acquisitions in China. At the end of the semester, students will submit a business proposal for the final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Latin Text: A digital critical edition of the Bellum Alexandrinum", number:"null", id:"41638", path:"/courses/41638", description:"What do we need to read texts in Latin? In these courses we read just one prose text and one poetic text, or a very limited number of texts and passages, with a focus on language and formal analysis (such as diction, grammar, stylistics, metrics, rhetoric, textual criticism). A range of exercises will be used to develop this, including composition, lexical studies, recitation, memorization, exegesis, written close-readings, and sight-translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"43109", path:"/courses/43109", description:"Principles and mathematical models of electrochemical processes in energy conversion and storage, water desalination, nanofabrication, electroplating, and sensing for engineering and science graduate students and advanced undergraduates, lacking prior background in electrochemistry. The course covers equivalent circuits, electrode kinetics, electrokinetic and transport phenomena, and electrostatics. The course will introduce and use the finite element program COMSOLTM. We will discuss, among other things, applications to stationary and flow batteries, supercapacitors, integrated electric circuit fabrication, electrokinetics, and biosensing. In contrast to CBE 545 Electrochemical Energy Conversion that focuses on solid state electrochemistry, this course emphasizes liquid-based electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY TRANSFORMATIONS AND LIVING OFF-THE-GRID", number:"null", id:"41033", path:"/courses/41033", description:"The course will examine major sources of energy on earth: sunlight, mechanical, chemical and biological, and how this energy is transformed into useful energy for humans - typically electrical energy or food. Considerable emphasis will be on forms of regenerative energy that can be used when living off-the-grid. As a case study, we will examine some approaches taken by the US military to provide energy capability for dismounted Marines operating on foot in austere environments. Faculty lectures will be supplemented by guest lectures from leaders in government and industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEPARATION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"35421", path:"/courses/35421", description:"The design of industrial methods for separating mixtures. Distillation; liquid-liquid extraction; membranes; absorption. Computer simulations of the processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF RELIGION", number:"null", id:"39150", path:"/courses/39150", description:"An introductory philosophical examination of questions regarding the nature of religious experiences and beliefs; arguments for and against the existence of God; the problem of evil; the relationships of faith, reason and science, the possibility of religous knowledge, the role of religious communities, etc. Readings from the history of philosophy, 20th century and contemporary analytic philosophy, and the European phenomenological, existential, and hermeneutic traditions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"44429", path:"/courses/44429", description:"Introduction to American Sign Language ( ASL ). Introduces ASL in a contextualized and conversational manner. Course includes receptive and expressive readiness activities, sign vocabulary and grammar, and an introduction to important topics and people within Deaf communities and Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHYSIOLOGY AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37665", path:"/courses/37665", description:"This course will integrate advanced physiology with pathophysiology and clinical implications across the lifespan for advanced nursing practice. Organ systems function and dysfunction from the level of the cell through integrated organ levels will be presented, and the genetic basis of disease will be discussed. Recent scientific advances will be discussed with application to new approaches to disease and symptom management. The interrelationships between basic physiology, clinical pathophysiology, and genetics are emphasized through lecture and case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"35766", path:"/courses/35766", description:"In this studio course, students will become proficient in advanced techniques of image production while expanding their artistic process and refining their photographic work. With an emphasis on self-directed projects and research, students will further their knowledge of image control and manipulation, retouching and collage, advanced color management; become familiar with high-end equipment and develop professional printing skills. Class discussion, lectures and assigned readings will address the critical issues in contemporary art, media and photographic culture. Emphasis will be on integrating practice and critical dialogue.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABORATORY ELECTRONICS", number:"null", id:"40555", path:"/courses/40555", description:"A laboratory-intensive survey of analog and digital electronics, intended to teach students of physics or related fields enough electronics to be comfortable learning additional topics on their own from a reference such as Horowitz and Hill. Specific topics will vary from year to year from the selection of topics listed below. Analog topics may include voltage dividers, impedance, filters, operational amplifier circuits, and transistor circuits. Digital topics may include logic gates, finite-state machines, programmable logic devices, digital-to-analog and analog-to-digital conversion, and microcomputer concepts. Recommended for students planning to do experimental work in physical science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR EVOLUTION PSYCH: Behavioral Biology of Women", number:"null", id:"40617", path:"/courses/40617", description:"The purpose of this seminar is to explore state-of-the-art research and theory in the discipline of evolutionary psychology, with an emphasis on particularly challenging problems such as the evolution of conscious experience (phenomenology) and human (pro-)social behavior, especially altruism, cooperation, and morality. By the end of the class, students should be familiar with the current avenues of research in these areas and the controversies that surround these areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE ACQUISITION", number:"null", id:"40237", path:"/courses/40237", description:"An introduction to language acquisition in children and the development of related cognitive and perceptual systems. Topics include the nature of speech perception and the specialization to the native language; the structure and acquisition of words; children's phonology; the development of grammar; bilingualism and second language acquisition; language learning impairments; the biological basis of language acquisition; the role in language learning in language change. Intended for any undergraduate interested in the psychology and development of language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. TOPIC BEHAV. GENET.", number:"null", id:"38237", path:"/courses/38237", description:"This course focuses on the use of genetic techniques to study the molecular and cellular bases of behavior. Particular emphasis will be given to the role of genetic approaches in understanding the biological processes underlying memory storage, circadian rhythms, and neurological and psychiatric disorders. Reverse genetic approaches utilizing gene knockout and transgenic technologies, as well as forward genetic approaches using mutagenesis and quantitative genetic techniques will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"44804", path:"/courses/44804", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and one novel; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"39375", path:"/courses/39375", description:"Technology plays an increasing role in our understandings of ourselves, our communities, and our societies, in how we think about politics and war, science and religion, work and play. Humans have made and used technologies, though, for thousands if not millions of years. In this course, we will use this history as a resource to understand how technolgoeis affect social relations, and coversely how the culture of a society shapes the technologies it produces. Do different technolgoeis produce or result from different economic systems like feudalism, capitalism and communism? Can specific technologies promote democratic or authoritarian politics? Do they suggest or enforce different patterns of race, class or gender relations? Among the technologies we'll consider will be large objects like cathedrals, bridges, and airplanes; small ones like guns, clocks and birth control pills; and networks like the electrical grid, the highway system and the internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOSCALE SYSTEMS BIOL", number:"null", id:"36857", path:"/courses/36857", description:"From single cell manipulations down to studies of single nanoparticles and single molecules, basic cell- molecular biology and biotechnologies are increasingly 'nano' as well as quantitative. Lectures and laboratories in this course start with nano aspects of optical detection, address the basic thermodynamics of biomolecular interactions, and then cover genomic scale devices. Nanoprobe methods are then complemented by basic theories of self-assembly and polymers as well as application in drug delivery and virus engineering with analyses of limitations imposed by the innate immune system. Skills in analytical and professional presentations, papers and laboratory work will be developed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Religion and Politics in Latin America", number:"null", id:"44398", path:"/courses/44398", description:"This course offers an introductory examination of the political and social role that the Catholic Church has played in Latin America from the time of the Spanish and Portuguese conquests in the 16th century to the end of the 20th century. Throughout this five-century period, the Catholic Church has not acted as a monolithic institution. Some members of the church have been associated with governments and those in power in order to exert control and domination over the population. Others have been among the few individuals or institutions that have spoken up against the injustices and oppression both of colonial governments in the 16th to 18th centuries, and of authoritarian regimes of independent republics in the 19th and 20th centuries. In this latter period, our analysis will include the churchs role in defending human, civil, political, and indigenous rights and in promoting the transition from the period of military or civilian dictatorships that ruled a good part of the region starting in the 1960s to civilian democratic regimes in the 1980s and 1990s. We will analyze six countries, three of which were under national security regimes: Brazil, Chile, and Argentina, and three others that experienced internal wars between guerrillas and military-backed civilian juntas: Guatemala, El Salvador, and Nicaragua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV NON-FIC WRITING", number:"null", id:"35651", path:"/courses/35651", description:"Writing with a view to publication in the freelance sections of newspapers such as THE PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER and THE NEW YORK TIMES, in magazines such as THE ATLANTIC and THE NEW YORKER, and in the literary quarterlies and the journals of opinion. Among the areas likely to be considered are writing as a public act, issues of taste and of privacy, questions of ethics and of policy, methods of research and of checking, excerpting, marketing, and the realistic understanding of assignments and of the publishing world. Student papers will be the basis of weekly editorial sessions, with concentration on the language: how to render material literate, how to recognize and dispose of padding and self-indulgence, how to tighten structure and amplify substance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN-ACCEL", number:"null", id:"35980", path:"/courses/35980", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the elementary year for students who have never studied Italian before but have already fulfilled the language requirement in another modern language, preferably a romance language. Students who have fulfilled the language requirement in a language other than a romance language will be considered on an individual basis. All students must have departmental permission to register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Art, Architecture, and Ideology under Totalitarian Regimes", number:"null", id:"39568", path:"/courses/39568", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIXED MEDIA ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"38576", path:"/courses/38576", description:"Mixed Media Animation is a contemporary survey of stop-motion animation concepts and techniques. Students use digital SLR cameras, scanners and digital compositing software to produce works in hand-drawn animation, puppet and clay animation, sand animation, and multiplane collage animation. Screenings and discussions in the course introduce key historical examples of animation demonstrating how these techniques have been used in meaningful ways. Students then learn how to composite two or more of these methods with matte painting, computer animation or video.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS PHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"36352", path:"/courses/36352", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 151, at a somewhat higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; special relativity; Maxwell's equations, electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 171 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPAN/MED PROFS", number:"null", id:"39342", path:"/courses/39342", description:"The goal of this course is to provide advanced practice in Spanish to those students who are interested in pursuing careers in the medical and health care fields. Through readings and authentic materials on contemporary health issues, for example, i.e., H1N1 influenza, comparative healthcare systems, obesity, ' chagas' s disease, etc., students will acquire the vocabulary and grammatical structures needed to discuss a wide array of topics pertaining to the health-related professions. Students will also gain awareness of those health care issues affecting the Hispanic/Latino patient. Oral and written presentations will complement topics covered in class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"39659", path:"/courses/39659", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERNISM AND THE THEORY OF FASHION", number:"null", id:"44078", path:"/courses/44078", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary modernism intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Past offerings have included seminars on the avant-garde, on the politics of modernism, and on its role in shaping poetry, music, and the visual arts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER SYS PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"42560", path:"/courses/42560", description:"This course builds on your knowledge of C and focuses on systems programming for Linux, specifically the libraries that programmers use for threading and concurrency, synchronization, inter-process communication, and networking. The course also introduces the C++ programming language, and covers important concepts in modern operating systems, including processes, scheduling, caching, and virtual memory. After completing this course, you will have the requisite knowledge and experience for systems-focused CIS graduate-level electives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Story-Telling in Fiction and Nonfiction", number:"null", id:"39890", path:"/courses/39890", description:"See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HANDSCHRIFT-HYPERTEXT", number:"null", id:"38686", path:"/courses/38686", description:"This course will provide an introduction to German-language literary studies through exemplary readings of short forms: fables, fairy tales, aphorisms, stories, novellas, feuilletons, poems, songs, radio plays, film clips, web projects and others. Paying particular attention to how emergent technology influences genre, we will trace an evolution from Minnesang to rock songs, from early print culture to the internet age and from Handschrift to hypertext. Students will have ample opportunity to improve their spoken and written German through class discussion and a series of internet-based assignments. Readings and discussions in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TWI II", number:"null", id:"38066", path:"/courses/38066", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AM DIPLO HIST SINCE 1776", number:"null", id:"41570", path:"/courses/41570", description:"Survey course tracing the origins and evolution of the great traditions of U.S. foreign policy, including Exceptionalism, Unilateralism, Manifest Destiny, Wilsonianism, etc., by which Americans have tried to define their place in the world. Three hours of lecture per week, extensive reading, no recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Community Based Environmental Health", number:"null", id:"35697", path:"/courses/35697", description:"From the fall of the Roman Empire to Love Canal to the epidemics of asthma, childhood obesity and lead poisoning in West Philadelphia, the impact of the environment on health has been a continuous challenge to society. The environment can affect people's health more strongly than biological factors, medical care and lifestyle. The water we drink, the food we eat, the air we breathe, and the neighborhood we live in are all components of the environment that impact our health. Some estimates, based on morbidity and mortality statistics, indicate that the impact of the environment on health is as high as 80%. These impacts are particularly significant in urban areas like West Philadelphia. Over the last 20 years, the field of environmental health has matured and expanded to become one of the most comprehensive and humanly relevant disciplines in science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING ANC MESOPOTAMIA", number:"null", id:"44611", path:"/courses/44611", description:"An introduction to the literature of Ancient Mesopotamia. The literature of ancient Mesopotamia flourished thousands of years ago in a culture all of its own, yet the survival of hundreds of thousands of written records challenges us to read it and make sense of it without simply approximating it to the realm of our own understanding. How can we learn to do this? Situating our understanding of how we read and how we understand culture within an interdisciplinary range of literary-critical and analytic approaches, we will approach this question by immersing ourselves in the myths tales and mentalities that made Mesopotamian literature meaningful. To give us a measure of our progress we will bracket the semester by reading Gilgamesh which is never less than a great story, but which will take on new layers of meaning as the semester develops and we learn to read the text in more and more Mesopotamian ways. As we journey through these mysterious realms we will reflect not only Mesopotamia and its immortal literature but on what it means to read and understand any cultures other than our own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & BEHAVIORAL CARE PLANNING & INTERVENTION FOR AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORD", number:"null", id:"44671", path:"/courses/44671", description:"Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course focuses on the application of various treatment approaches to the management of acute and chronic problems of autism spectrum disorder. Approaches to behavioral, psychological and medical co-morbidities are explored, practiced and evaluated. Students' clinical experiences build on the previous semester and continue with the application of class instruction to patient and family care. The student works closely with behaviorists, psychologists and occupational therapists to integrate nursing care planning with other services. This case approach continues, and exposure to a second family is added to expand learning opportunities and develop nursing services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO COMPUTER SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41169", path:"/courses/41169", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of computer systems and computer architecture. You will learn the C programming language and an instruction set (machine language) as a basis for understanding how computers represent data, process information, and execute programs. The course also focuses on the Unix environment and includes a weekly hands-on lab session.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN BRAIN IMAGING: Functional Imaging of the Human Brain", number:"null", id:"43798", path:"/courses/43798", description:"The course will provide a detailed overview of functional brain imaging and its potential uses. Issues regarding advantages and disadvantages of different modalities, study design image analysis & interpretation and how these relate to various neurological & psycholigical phenomena will be discussed. Class will cover the following specific topics in this general time frame: Introduction to functional brain function, basics of nuclear medicine imaging (including instrumentation, image acquisition, and radiopharmaceuticals for positron emission tomography and single photon emission computed tomography), imaging of neurological disorders, imaging of psychological disorders, introduction to activation studies, image analysis and statistical problems, study design, literature review, journal article presentation, tour of Penn imaging facilities, interpretation of imaging studies, implications for clinical and research, and implications for understanding the human mind and consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YEAR AKKADIAN I", number:"null", id:"36704", path:"/courses/36704", description:"Introduction to the grammar of the Akkadian language with emphasis on developing skills in the cuneiform writing system and reading of selected texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"42189", path:"/courses/42189", description:"Technological infrastructure shapes what forms of political life are possible within a society. Political campaigns, investigative journalism, public engagement, protest, government - all unfold on different time scales, in different forms, and with different consequences depending on what machines mediate them. This course explores the forms of American political life that have taken shape in and through modern digital computing. We will investigate especially a perceived tension at the heart of computing technologies - from artificial intelligence to social media - as they have been introduced to so many corners of American political life: Are computing technologies agents of liberation, or of control? The internet, for example, was embraced by some as an inherently democratizing and liberating force, giving users equal access to voice and information. On the other hand, many feared the internet as an unprecedented platform for corporate and government surveillance and manipulation. This course will analyze and historicize this tension, looking to unpack the complex and controversial role of computers in American political life from the Cold War to @POTUS.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED RUSS CONV/COMP", number:"null", id:"42094", path:"/courses/42094", description:"This course develops students' skills in speaking and writing about topics in Russian literature, contemporary society, politics, and everyday life. Topics include women, work and family; sexuality; the economic situation; environmental problems; and life values. Materials include selected short stories by 19th and 20th century Russian authors, video-clips of interviews, excerpts from films, and articles from the Russian media. Continued work on grammar and vocabulary building.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAPHIC DESIGN WITH CREATIVE TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"38570", path:"/courses/38570", description:"The aim of this course is to introduce students creative ways to use color, typography, and layout across new materials and media, ranging from print to physical objects. Students will explore visual design through a set of assignments and projects that are geared towards exploring the role of design in visual arts, interaction design, media design and architecture. The course introduces a number of design concepts such as content organization, navigation, interaction and data-driven design and show ways to develop new design metaphors, presentation techniques, and imagery using old and new technologies. course is structured as a combination of lectures and hands on workshops where students will have the chance to work both individually and collaboratively to realize their projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE: THE ROLE OF INNATE IMMUNITY IN DISEASE", number:"null", id:"38227", path:"/courses/38227", description:"All organisms, from bacteria to humans, rely on innate, non-specific defense systems to protect against infection and mediate damage. Even in organisms that can generate highly specific and efficient adaptive responses, such as humans, defects in innate immune system components can be fatal. In this course, we will examine the cellular and molecular mechanisms of the components of the innate immune system through discussion of primary literature. We will explore how the innate immune system influences the course of infections and cancer, as well as autoinflammatory disorders that lead to host tissue damage. Though our focus will be on mammalian immunity, we will also explore the evolutionary development of innate immunity through comparison of systems in different organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"38682", path:"/courses/38682", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significance in contemporary German-speaking countries throuh literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Behavioral Economics & Psychology: Theory & Experiments", number:"null", id:"40988", path:"/courses/40988", description:"In reality, our understanding of different mechanisms and (economic) relations ips is hampered by the lack of data. More often than not, either the observat observation itself is difficult or the data is not reliable. Over the last de decades, economic experiments have become a vital part of the scientific disco discourse, facilitating our understanding of the world we live in (much like i Biology, Chemistry, Physics or the like). Economic experiments allow explorin economic behavior under controlled conditions by generating observations under controlled conditions by generating observations under different experimental designs and controlled conditions. Pioneering this field of research, Daniel Kahneman and Vernon Smith were awarded the Nobel memorial prize in recognition of their work on behavioral and experimental economics. In this course, provide you with the methodology of how to develop a research idea and a prope experimental design that allows to explore this idea. Essentially, you will learn how to think about ideas, generate predictions, and how to use economic experiments to test them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Evidence Based Policies of Economic and Political Development", number:"null", id:"40043", path:"/courses/40043", description:"This class provides a 'hands-on' introduction to the promises and limitations of using Randomized Control Trials (RCTs) to inform policy makers, practitioners, and academics of the conditions under which policies likely would have a positive effect on economic and political outcomes, in the context of international development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION: Contemporary French Society Through Its Media", number:"null", id:"40028", path:"/courses/40028", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve speaking and writing skills by offering extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It will also help students better understand contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression. The content is organized around current events and the themes of identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). Students will practice oral skills in a variety of ways, including video blogs and group presentations on selected current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & INTERMEDIATE CLINICAL PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"36278", path:"/courses/36278", description:"This course focuses on the implementation of the professional role of the Pediatric Acute Care Nurse Practitioner (PNP-AC). Particular emphasis is placed on the role components of the nurse practitioner in pediatric acute care. Applications of nursing, biological and behavioral science are emphasized in the advanced clinical assessment, clinical decision making and management skills needed to care for complex, unstable acutely and chronically ill children and their families. The role of the advanced practice nurse in promoting optimal child/family outcomes is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOANALYSIS & ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"39526", path:"/courses/39526", description:"This course will introduce students to the rich literature that has grown up around the encounter between psychoanalysis and anthropology, from totem and taboo, to studies of the Oedipus complex, child-rearing practices, ritual symbolism, mythology, and dreams. The class will also look to the future, endeavoring to examine as well such issues as the role of computers (are they self objects?) and the internet (including such online games as 'Second Life'), dreams in space alien abduction narratives, sexuality in advertising, political psychology, and other contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE-CONTEMPORARY", number:"null", id:"45094", path:"/courses/45094", description:"This course is an introduction to the visual arts including painting, sculpture, print culture, and new media such as photography, film, performance and installation art in Europe and the United States from 1400 to the present. It offers a broad historical overview of the key movements and artists of the period, as well as an investigation into the crucial themes and contexts that mark visual art production after the middle ages. Such themes include the secularization of art; the (gendered) role of the artist in society; the sites of art production and consumption such as the artist's studio, the royal courts and the art exhibition; the materials of art; the import of technology and science to art's making, content and distribution; the rise of art criticism; and the socio-political contexts of patronage and audience; among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED GREEK: PROSE", number:"null", id:"41493", path:"/courses/41493", description:"This course is for those who have completed Ancient Greek 102, Greek 112 or equivalent. You are now ready to begin reading real Greek! We will read a selection of passages from Greek prose authors, focusing on language and style.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN@ CULTURAL HISTORY: The Resiliency and Impact of Latin@ Cultural Expressions in the US", number:"null", id:"44399", path:"/courses/44399", description:"This course takes a multi-disciplinary approach to the study of the resiliency and impact of Latin@ cultural and artistic contributions, esthetics, expressions and institution building int he United Stats from the Civil Rights Era to the present. We will explore how Latin@s arguculturally defining being 'American'; how their artistic expressions fit and influence the creativity and productivity of American and global Arts & Cultural expressions; and the Latin@ interactions of race, culture, society, economy and politics in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TELEVISION AND NEW MEDIA", number:"null", id:"45123", path:"/courses/45123", description:"How and when do media become digital? What does digitization afford and what is lost as television and cinema become digitized? As lots of things around us turn digital, have we started telling stories, sharing experiences, and replaying memories differently? What has happened to television and life after New Media ? How have television audiences been transformed by algorithmic cultures of Netflix and Hulu? How have (social) media transformed socialities as ephemeral snaps and swiped intimacies become part of the 'new' digital/phone cultures? This is an introductory survey course and we discuss a wide variety of media technologies and phenomena that include: cloud computing, Internet of Things, trolls, distribution platforms, optical fiber cables, surveillance tactics, social media, and race in cyberspace. We also examine emerging mobile phone cultures in the Global South and the environmental impact of digitization. Course activities include Tumblr blog posts and Instagram curations. The final project could take the form of either a critical essay (of 2000 words) or a media project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTISCLE MDLNG/BIO SYS", number:"null", id:"42400", path:"/courses/42400", description:"This course provides theoretical, conceptual, and hands-on modeling experience on three different length and time scales - (1) electronic structure (A, ps); (2) molecular mechanics (100A, ns); and (3) deterministic and stochastic approaches for microscale systems (um, sec). Students will gain hands-on experience, i.e., running codes on real applications together with the following theoretical formalisms: molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo, free energy methods, deterministic and stochastic modeling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"43452", path:"/courses/43452", description:"A continuation of RUSS003. This course will further develop your ability to use the Russian language in the context of everyday situations (including relationships, travel and geography, leisure activities) and also through reading and discussion of elementary facts about Russian history, excerpts from classic literature and the contemporary press and film excerpts. At the end of the course you will be able to negotiate most daily situations, to comprehend most spoken and written Russian, to state and defend your point of view. Successful completion of the course prepares students to satisfy the language competency requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FICTION WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"37064", path:"/courses/37064", description:"This course emphasizes the study and practice of basic techniques of short fiction, with assignments divided between readings and discussion of student-written material. 

See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART IN INDIA: Icons and Narrative in South Asian Sculpture", number:"null", id:"38147", path:"/courses/38147", description:"Spring 2016: We will examine Icons and Narratives in South Asian Sculpture. India's crafts of stone carving and bronze casting have produced one of the most distinct and accomplished sculptural traditions in the world. This workshop will look at two aspects of this history, the development of narrative sculpture and that of the religious 'icon' through specific case histories.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATION/CONFLICT RES", number:"null", id:"40208", path:"/courses/40208", description:"This course includes not only conflict resolution but techniques which help manage and even encourage the valuable aspects of conflict. The central issues of this course deal with understanding the behavior of individuals, groups, and organizations in conflict management situations. The purpose of this course is to understand the theory and processes of negotiations as it is practiced ina variety of settings. The course is designed to be relevant to the broad specturm of problems that are faced by the manager and professional including management of multinationals, ethical issues, and alternative dispute resolutions. Cross listed w/ LGST 206 & OPIM 291.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP ORG AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"35502", path:"/courses/35502", description:"This is the second computer oganization course and focuses on computer hardware design. Topics covered are: (1) basic digital system design including finite state machines, (2) instruction set design and simple RISC assembly programming, (3) quantitative evaluation of computer performance, (4) circuits for integer and floating-point arithmatic, (5) datapath and control, (6) micro-programming, (7) pipeling, (8) storage hierarchy and virtual memory, (9) input/output, (10) different forms of parallelism including instruction level parallelism, data-level parallelism using both vectors and message-passing multi-processors, and thread-level parallelism using shared memory multiprocessors. Basic cache coherence and synchronization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ASIAN AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"38734", path:"/courses/38734", description:"This course will provide an introduction to the history of Asian Pacific Americans, focusing on the wide diversity of migrant experiences, as well as the continuing legacies of Orientalism on American-born APA's. Issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality will also be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, PHARMACOLOGY, AND THERAPEUTICS", number:"null", id:"43214", path:"/courses/43214", description:"Pathophysiologic concepts and processes are introduced with major emphasis on commonly occurring acute and chronic illnesses and their therapeutic interventions. Major classes of drugs that are used to support organ function are explored. The physiological and pathophysiological rationale for each drug indication, mechanisms of drug action, individualized dosing implications, and adverse drug events will be explored for prototypical agents used in the selected cases. The course will enhance the student's comprehension of the scientific complexity of therapeutic interventions in various conditions and will build upon the foundational sciences. Additionally the course will provide the student with sufficient scientific knowledge and skills to prepare administer and monitor drugs and therapies in a safe and effective manner.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED 3D MODELING", number:"null", id:"35768", path:"/courses/35768", description:"Advanced 3-D Modeling will give students the opportunity to refine skills in modeling, texturing, lighting and rendering with an emphasis on the evolution of ideas through constant revision based on class critique. Students will use a variety of industry standard software packages, including, but not limited to Maya and Mudbox to compose complex environments. Projects are designed to give students the opportunity to work with original content within a simulated production environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGING ECONOMIES", number:"null", id:"40212", path:"/courses/40212", description:"This course explores important issues in conducting business internationally in and with emerging economies. Much of the course attempts to define emerging economies and to understand the changes occurring in these countries. The course also examines the position of emerging economies in the global context, and how broad social issues affect the development of emerging economies and the ability to establish relationships or conduct business in emerging economies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO JEWISH MYSTICISM", number:"null", id:"41818", path:"/courses/41818", description:"Survey of expressions of Jewish mysticism from Hebrew Scripture through the 21st century. Topics include rabbinic concerns about mystical speculation, the ascent through the celestial chambers -heikhalot-, the Book of Creation, the relationship of Jewish philosophy and mysticism, techniques of letter permutation, schematization of the Divine Body, the prominence of gender and sexuality in kabalistic thought, the relationship of kabbalah to the practice of the commandments, Zohar, Lurianic kabbalah, Hasidism, New-Age Jewish spirituality and the resurgence of Jewish mysticism in the 20th century. All readings will be in English translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN MEDIEVAL/REN ART: Manuscript Illumination in Philadelphia Area Collections", number:"null", id:"42367", path:"/courses/42367", description:"Fall 2018: This course is designed to introduce students of both the digital humanities and manuscript studies to the concepts and realities of working with medieval manuscripts in the twenty-first century. Through the course, students and faculty will examine materials from the collections of the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts, as well as digitized versions of those materials and others. ?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR MODERN HEBREW IV", number:"null", id:"41531", path:"/courses/41531", description:"This course constitutes the final semester of Intermediate Modern Hebrew. Hence, one of the main goals of the course is to prepare the students for the proficiency exam in Hebrew. Emphasis will be placed on grammar skills and ability to read literary texts. Open to all students who have completed three semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORK AND GENDER", number:"null", id:"42138", path:"/courses/42138", description:"This seminar examines the relevance of gender to the organization and experience of paid and unpaid work. Combining materialist and social constructionist approaches, we will consider occupational segregation, the relation of work and family, gender and class solidarity, the construction of gender through work, race and class variation in work experiences, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"From Miracles to Mindfulness", number:"null", id:"39271", path:"/courses/39271", description:"In 1902, the most famous philosopher in America, William James, revolutionized the study of religion by analyzing religion as an experience rather than as a set of doctrines or scriptures. In this course, we will pick up the inquiry that James and scholars such as Sigmund Freud began by exploring new approaches to the science and philosophy of religious experience. We will invite a series of experts from a wide range of fieldsneuroscience, psychoanalysis, phenomenology, psychology, anthropology, to name only a fewto present their cutting-edged research on the nature of religious experience. How can religious experience be studied? What does the research reveal about religious experience? And what can we learn from such experiences about the workings of the human mind and human society? The course has two components: 1) a discussion-centered mini-seminar from 3:30-5:00 will open consideration of the subject with help from relevant readings 2) a guest lecture series every Tuesday from 5:00-6:30, featuring leading scholars who approach religious experience from different disciplinary angles or in light of different questions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"45190", path:"/courses/45190", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIA AND THE WEST", number:"null", id:"37868", path:"/courses/37868", description:"This is the course description for the 2015 Summer Session II only 

This course will explore the representations of America in Russian political and cultural history from mid 18th to the early 21st century. We will consider the history of Russian and American relations and Russian visions of various events and aspects of American political, economic, social, and cultural life the Revolution, American-Indian wars, industrialization, Civil War, political system, sexual relations, New York City, cinema industry, pop and rock music, etc. within the context of Russian political and ideological history. We will also examine how images of America reflect Russia's own cultural concerns, anticipations, and biases. The class will consist of lectures, discussion, and several mini-dramas in which students will reenact certain historical and cultural conflicts. The course requirements include active participation, one in-class presentation and one take-home exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO MODERN HEBREW LIT: IMAGE OF THE CITY", number:"null", id:"37299", path:"/courses/37299", description:"Fall 2016: We will discuss literary works that reflect Israelis' struggle with their national identity. For the patriotic 1948 generation, self and country were one and the same while contemporary writers ask what it means to be Israeli. Yehuda Amichai's 1955 poem 'I want to die in my bed' was a manifesto for individualism, yet the seemingly interminable Arab-Israeli conflict forced writers to return to the national, social, and political arenas starting in the 1980s, although in entirely different ways. Readings include works by the contemporary Orly Kastel Bloom, Etgar Keret and Sayed Kashua as well as by the early writers Natan Alterman, Amir Gilboa, Dahlia Ravikovitch, A.B. Yehoshua, and David Grossman. The class is conducted in Hebrew and all texts are read in the original. The amSeminar. Fulfills Arts & Letters. (HEBR 259, HEBR 559, COML 266, COLL 227)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BATT & SUPER-CAP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38531", path:"/courses/38531", description:"This is a senior / graduate course on scientific and technological fundamentals as they apply to electrochemical batteries and super-capacitors. The perspective utilized will be a combination of materials and systems science. The course will introduce the student to the different categories of electrochemical cells and batteries, and their related chemistry, kinds of super-capacitors, charging and discharging profiles, equivalent series resistance (ESR), power capacities, and lifetimes. For super-capacitors, the student will be introduced to double layer capacitance (DLC) and pseudo-capacitance types of energy storage, super-capacitor fundamentals through Faradaic and non-Faradaic processes, pseudo-capacitance of metal oxides and electro-active polymers (EAPs), non-ideal polarizable electrodes, energetics and kinetics of electrode processes, theories of dielectric polarization, inorganic and organic electrol carbonaceous materials, effective surface area (ESA) and functionalizations, as well as the AC impedance behavior of batteries and super-capacitors including the self-discharge characteristics of both. The fundamental electrochemical relations will be discussed, as well as battery / super-caps system modeling, and batteries management systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH OF POPULATIONS", number:"null", id:"37902", path:"/courses/37902", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to the quantitative study of factors that influence the health of populations. Topics to be addressed include methods for characterizing levels of health in populations, comparative and historical perspectives on population health, health disparities, health policy issues and the effectiveness of interventions for enhancing the health of populations. These topics will be addressed both for developed and developing world populations. The course will focus on specific areas of health and some of the major issues and conclusions pertaining to those domains. Areas singled out for attention include chronic diseases and their major risk factors, such as smoking, physical activity, dietary factors and obesity. Throughout the course, the focus will be on determining the quality of evidence for health policy and understanding the manner in which it was generated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CALCULUS (CONTINUATION)", number:"null", id:"38879", path:"/courses/38879", description:"This is an honors version of Math 240 which explores the same topics but with greater mathematical rigor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERF&DES OF UAVS", number:"null", id:"43107", path:"/courses/43107", description:"This course covers the application of classical aircraft performance and design concepts to fixed-wing and rotary-wing Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). A survey of the latest developments in UAV technology will be used to motivate the development of quantitative mission requirements, such as payload, range, endurance, field length, and detectability. The implications of these requirements on vehicle configuration and sizing and will be revealed through application of the fundamentals of aerodynamics and propulsion systems. The course will also cover basic flight dynamics and control, including typical inner-loop feedback applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICALLY BASED CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"41825", path:"/courses/41825", description:"A contextual approach will be used in studying the concepts in General, Organic and Biological Chemistry that are foundational to an understanding of normal cellular processes. Topics that will be covered include measurements, atomic structure, bonding, chemical reactions, properties of gases and liquids, solutions, equilibrium, acids and bases, pH, buffers, nuclear chemistry, nomenclature and properties of the main organic functional groups, and the structures and function of carbohydrates, proteins and lipids.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FETAL EVALUATION", number:"null", id:"44692", path:"/courses/44692", description:"This course focuses on identifying at risk and high risk maternal fetal dyads, developing knowledge relating to assessment of fetal well being, and understanding the implications of obstetric, non obstertric, and fetal complications on the management of the high risk pregnancy. Additionally the course provides an understanding of the scientific basis for new technologies used to evaluate at risk and high risk populations. Information about the physics of ultrasound, pulse echo imaging, and doppler techniques will be provided. Students must be able to practice ultrasound skills while in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVITY", number:"null", id:"38967", path:"/courses/38967", description:"The ability to solve problems creatively and generate change is a recognized standard of success and plays an important role in gaining a competitive advantage in many areas of business management. This course is designed to teach students several creative problem solving methodologies that complement other managerial tools acquired in undergraduate and graduate studies. The course offers students the opportunity to learn how to solve problems, identify opportunities, and generate those elusive ideas that potentially generate enormous benefits to organizations. The objectives of this course are to enhance the students' (a) creativity, (b) ability to innovate and (c) ability to identify, recruit, develop, manage, retain, and collaborate with creative people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEGEL", number:"null", id:"37753", path:"/courses/37753", description:"Hegel is famous (or rather infamous) for entertaining and endorsing startling and obscure claims like 'Contradiction is the rule of truth'. 'The Truth is the whole', 'What is rational is real, and what is real is rational'. Before one is in the position to evaluate, to criticize (and to dismiss) these claims one has to become familiar with their philosophical background. The aim of the seminar is to find out what is meant with claims like these and why Hegel thought of them as reasonable. In order to achieve this aim one has to get acquainted with the basic metaphysical assumptions of his philosophy and with the problems these assumptions are supposed to solve. 

The seminar will focus primarily on some of Hegel's early Jena writings, his Phenomenology of Spirit, on passages from different versions of Hegel's Logic and (maybe) on aspects of his Philosophy of Right. Topics that are dealt with include: (1) Hegel's conception of philosophy, (2) the development of his system, (3) the problem of an introduction to his system (Phenomenology of Spirit), (4) Hegel's criticism of traditional metaphysics, (5) his notion of a 'concept' (Begriff), his theory of the Idea. Other topics might become of interest as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAB IN MOD PHYS", number:"null", id:"43357", path:"/courses/43357", description:"In this course you will have the opportunity to do a variety of experiments, ranging from 'classic experiments' such as measuring G with a torsion balance, determining the relativistic mass of the electron, and muon lifetime, to experiments studying atomic spectroscopy, NMR, Optical pumping, Mossbauer effect, nuclear energy levels, interaction of gamma rays with matter, single photon interference, and magnetic susceptibility. There are also experiments using a High-Tc superconducting tunnel junction and a PET scanner. You will learn basic statistics, become proficient in analysis using Python, acquire an understanding of systematic errors, and learn how to write a professional report. Many of the laboratories provide excellent opportunities to exercise, and expand upon, the knowledge you have gained in your physics courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"35469", path:"/courses/35469", description:"This course surveys the history of world film from cinema s precursors to 1945. We will develop methods for analyzing film while examining the growth of film as an art, an industry, a technology, and a political instrument. Topics include the emergence of film technology and early film audiences, the rise of narrative film and birth of Hollywood, national film industries and movements, African-American independent film, the emergence of the genre film (the western, film noir, and romantic comedies), ethnographic and documentary film, animated films, censorship, the MPPDA and Hays Code, and the introduction of sound. We will conclude with the transformation of several film industries into propaganda tools during World War II (including the Nazi, Soviet, and US film industries). In addition to contemporary theories that investigate the development of cinema and visual culture during the first half of the 20th century, we will read key texts that contributed to the emergence of film theory. There are no prerequisites. Students are required to attend screenings or watch films on their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENSEMBLE PERFORMANCE: UNIV. WIND ENSEMBLE", number:"null", id:"41790", path:"/courses/41790", description:"Successful participation in a music department sponsored group. Ensemble groups: University Orchestra, University Wind Ensemble, Choral Society, University Choir, Ancient Voices, Baroque and Recorder Ensemble, Chamber Music Society, Arab Music Ensemble, Samba and Jazz Combo. This course must be taken for a letter grade (Pass/Fail registration option may not be utilized for this course).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL MERCHANDISING", number:"null", id:"37565", path:"/courses/37565", description:"This course provides a detailed introduction to the role of merchandising at various retailers, including apparel and other soft lines businesses, grocery stores, mass-merchandisers and 'category killers'. Selected topics may include product development, line planning, sourcing, product life cycle, forecasting, planning and allocation, pricing and markdowns, and vendor relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41247", path:"/courses/41247", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ITALIAN HIST ON SCREEN", number:"null", id:"38798", path:"/courses/38798", description:"How has our image of Italy arrived to us? Where does the story begin and who has recounted, rewritten, and rearranged it over the centuries? In this course, we will study Italy's rich and complex past and present. We will carefully read literary and historical texts and thoughtfully watch films in order to attain an understanding of Italy that is as varied and multifacted as the country itself. Group work, discussions and readings will allow us to examine the problems and trends in the political, cultural and social history from ancient Rome to today. We will focus on: the Roman Empire, Middle Ages, Renaissance, Unification, Turn of the Century, Fascist era, World War II, post-war and contemporary Italy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Race, Science & Society", number:"null", id:"36519", path:"/courses/36519", description:"Topics vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Community Based Environmental Health", number:"null", id:"38513", path:"/courses/38513", description:"From the fall of the Roman Empire to Love Canal to the epidemics of asthma, childhood obesity and lead poisoning in West Philadelphia, the impact of the environment on health has been a continuous challenge to society. The environment can affect people's health more strongly than biological factors, medical care and lifestyle. The water we drink, the food we eat, the air we breathe, and the neighborhood we live in are all components of the environment that impact our health. Some estimates, based on morbidity and mortality statistics, indicate that the impact of the environment on health is as high as 80%. These impacts are particularly significant in urban areas like West Philadelphia. Over the last 20 years, the field of environmental health has matured and expanded to become one of the most comprehensive and humanly relevant disciplines in science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAT & METHODS MED ARCH", number:"null", id:"41184", path:"/courses/41184", description:"This course is intended to familiarize new graduate students with the collections of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and the wide range of scholarly interests and approaches used by faculty at Penn and neighboring institutions, as well as to provide an introduction to archaeological methods and theory in a Mediterranean context. Each week, invited lecturers will address the class on different aspects of archaeological methodology in their own research, emphasizing specific themes that will be highlighted in readings and subsequent discussion. The course is divided into five sections: Introduction to the Mediterranean Section; Collections; Method and Theory in Mediterranean Archaeology; Museum Work; and Ethics. The course is designed for new AAMW graduate students, though other graduate students or advanced undergraduate students may participate with the permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOW TO RULE AN EMPIRE: AN INTRODUCTION TO EUROPEAN AND U.S. IMPERIALISM", number:"null", id:"38731", path:"/courses/38731", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARLY DRAMA: SHAKESPEARE & THE BIBLE", number:"null", id:"42658", path:"/courses/42658", description:"Early drama in English had its roots as much in Christianity as in Classical antiquity. What grew into the theater of Shakespeare began as networks of strolling players and church atuhorities in market towns sponsoring cycles of 'miracle' and 'mystery' plays. This course will introduce students to major dramatic works of the medieval and early modern periods, including plays written for the public stage, closet dramas, masques, mayoral pageants and other kinds of performances. The course will also pay attention to the development of different dramatic genres during these periods, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. Students thus will explore the history of drama in English through the renaissance to the closing of the theaters in 1641 and their eventual reopening in 1660.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"41194", path:"/courses/41194", description:"This course explores the historical and contemporary role of the advertising industry in the U.S. media system. The course will cover the social history of advertising; the structure of today's advertising industry; the workings of advertising in digital media; and critical analyses of advertising's role in society. In addition to academic writings, the class will read industry reports to understand contemporary strategies and processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"43888", path:"/courses/43888", description:"This course surveys the history of world film from cinema s precursors to 1945. We will develop methods for analyzing film while examining the growth of film as an art, an industry, a technology, and a political instrument. Topics include the emergence of film technology and early film audiences, the rise of narrative film and birth of Hollywood, national film industries and movements, African-American independent film, the emergence of the genre film (the western, film noir, and romantic comedies), ethnographic and documentary film, animated films, censorship, the MPPDA and Hays Code, and the introduction of sound. We will conclude with the transformation of several film industries into propaganda tools during World War II (including the Nazi, Soviet, and US film industries). In addition to contemporary theories that investigate the development of cinema and visual culture during the first half of the 20th century, we will read key texts that contributed to the emergence of film theory. There are no prerequisites. Students are required to attend screenings or watch films on their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOP:MODERN & CONTEMP ART: Spiegel-Wilks Seminar/Venice Beinnale", number:"null", id:"40974", path:"/courses/40974", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL PHARMACOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36813", path:"/courses/36813", description:"This seminar course reviews the behavioral effects of drugs in animals, the general biological and psychological principles of drug action, and the relationship between drugs that affect brain monoamine and opiate systems and their behavioral effects. Introductory lectures on general topics will be followed by advanced discussion of specific topics in a journal club format through student presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALOG INTEGRAT CIRCUITS", number:"null", id:"39935", path:"/courses/39935", description:"Design of analog circuits and subsystems using primarily MOS technologies at the transistor and higher levels. Transistor level design of building block circuits such as op amps, comparators, sample and hold circuits, voltage and current references, capacitors and resistor and class AB output stages. The Cadence Design System will be used to capture schematics and run simulations using Spectre for some homework problems and for the course project. Topics of stability, noise, device matching through good layout practice will also be covered. Students who take ESE419 will not be able to take ESE572 later. More will be expected of ESE572 students in the design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS METHODOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44142", path:"/courses/44142", description:"This course covers the methodologies and techniques important to designing large complex, purposeful systems and to discovering policies that influence them throughout the stages of their lifecycle. The course focuses on hands-on synthetic thinking, where students assemble the big picture from modeling the individual actors, organizations, and artifacts in a socio-technical system of interest. This is the study of emergence of macro-behavior from the micro-decision making of the actors involved - to inquire into the design of a purposeful system, and to examine alternative futures that are ideal, yet affordable, sustainable, and workable. Specifically, the student learns systems theory, systems methodologies (design inquiry/learning systems, idealized design/interactive planning, and soft systems methodology/knowledge management), bottom up modeling (decision science, multi-attribute utility theory, affective reasoning, agent based modeling, simulated societies), and how to further research and apply the synthetic paradigm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT POLITICAL THOUGH", number:"null", id:"37797", path:"/courses/37797", description:"Through reading texts of Plato (Socrates), Aristotle, Augustine and Aquinas, the student encounters a range of political ideas deeply challenging to--and possibly corrosive of--today's dominant democratic liberalism. Can classical and medieval thinking offer insight into modern impasses in political morality? Is such ancient thinking plausible, useful, or dangerous?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIEVAL ART", number:"null", id:"36759", path:"/courses/36759", description:"An introductory survey, this course investigates painting, sculpture, and the 'minor arts' of the Middle Ages. Students become familiar with selected major monuments of the Late Antique, Byzantine, Carolingian, Romanesque, and Gothic periods, as well as primary textual sources. Analysis of works emphasizes the cultural context, the thematic content, and the function of objects. Discussions focus especially on several key themes: the aesthetic status of art and the theological role of images; the revival of classical models and visual modes; social rituals such as pilgrimage and crusading; the cult of the Virgin and the status of women in art; and, more generally, the ideology of visual culture across the political and urban landscapes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFECTIOUS DISEASE BIO", number:"null", id:"42441", path:"/courses/42441", description:"This course focuses on selected topics concerning infectious agents, the diseases they cause in humans, and the social and scientific challenges they pose. The first section addresses the principles of epidemiology and microbial pathogenesis, as well as pathophysiology of infectious diseases. In the second section, tools and techniques of diagnosis, tracking, and control of infectious diseases will be discussed. To develop a broad understanding of the many different aspects of infectious processes, selected viral, fungal, protozoan, and helminthic pathogens and related infectious diseases will be presented. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN STATEMENT & DIS ANA", number:"null", id:"42279", path:"/courses/42279", description:"This course focuses on the analysis of financial communications between corporate managers and outsiders, including the required financial statements, voluntary disclosures, and interactions with investors, analysts, and the media. The course draws on the findings of recent academic research to discuss a number of techniques that outsiders can use to detect potential bias or aggressiveness in financial reporting. FORMAT: Case discussions and lectures. Comprehensive final exam, group project, case write-ups, and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS IN HEALTHCARE ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"45230", path:"/courses/45230", description:"This course examines health care from an economic perspective tailored for the nurse manager and executive. Emphasis is on the allocation of health care resource policies in the United States with examination of different health care programs. Within the health care industry, focus is on public and private health care funding in addition to the role of managed care systems with relation to financing and delivery of health services.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TELEVISION AND NEW MEDIA", number:"null", id:"43889", path:"/courses/43889", description:"How and when do media become digital? What does digitization afford and what is lost as television and cinema become digitized? As lots of things around us turn digital, have we started telling stories, sharing experiences, and replaying memories differently? What has happened to television and life after New Media ? How have television audiences been transformed by algorithmic cultures of Netflix and Hulu? How have (social) media transformed socialities as ephemeral snaps and swiped intimacies become part of the 'new' digital/phone cultures? This is an introductory survey course and we discuss a wide variety of media technologies and phenomena that include: cloud computing, Internet of Things, trolls, distribution platforms, optical fiber cables, surveillance tactics, social media, and race in cyberspace. We also examine emerging mobile phone cultures in the Global South and the environmental impact of digitization. Course activities include Tumblr blog posts and Instagram curations. The final project could take the form of either a critical essay (of 2000 words) or a media project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL REACTOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"41068", path:"/courses/41068", description:"Design of reactors for the production of chemical products. Continuous and batch reactors. Isothermal and non-isothermal operation of reactors. Effects of back-mixing and non-ideal flow in tubular reactors. Mass transfer in heterogeneous reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGH RISK NEONATAL THEORY I", number:"null", id:"43272", path:"/courses/43272", description:"This course focuses on the care of high-risk neonates within the context of the family unit. The biological and psychosocial aspects are studied as a basis for nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on the role of the Advanced Practice nurse in improving services to high-risk neonates with the purpose of decreasing mortality and morbidity rates and improving the quality of life of high-risk newborns and infants.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CLAY: THE POTTER'S WHEEL AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"38566", path:"/courses/38566", description:"In this introductory clay class, students will learn all the fundamental skills needed to create three- dimensional forms in clay using a variety of methods: wheel throwing, handbuilding (such as coil building and slab construction), and press molding. Whether creating utilitarian forms or creating sculpture, projects are designed to strengthen both craftsmanship and individual creativity. In addition to developing a working knowledge of the ceramic process, including surface treatments and glazing, students will also be introduced to design issues as well as contemporary art/ceramics topics that influence our aesthetic sensibilities. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"40019", path:"/courses/40019", description:"French 110 is the first semester of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop funcional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENETIC ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"38239", path:"/courses/38239", description:"The logic and methodology of genetic analysis in plants and animals. This lecture course will focus on the use of mutations to study gene function and higher order biological processes, methods for reporting and manipulating gene expression, and analysis of the genetic basis of natural variation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"43451", path:"/courses/43451", description:"Continuation of RUSS001. Further work developing basic language skills using exciting authentic materials about life in present-day Russia. At the conclusion of the course, students will be prepared to negotiate most basic communication needs in Russia (getting around town, ordering a meal, buying goods and services, polite conversation about topics of interest) and to comprehend most texts and spoken material at a basic level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: GENDR/SEXUALTY/LIT: EARLY MODERN SEXUALITIES", number:"null", id:"37093", path:"/courses/37093", description:"The advanced women's studies course in the department, focusing on a particular aspect of literature by and about women. Topics might include: 'Victorian Literary Women'; 'Women, Politics, and Literature'; 'Feminist Literary Theory';and similar foci. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF AMERICAN EDUC", number:"null", id:"44343", path:"/courses/44343", description:"This course will examine the growth and development of American schools, from the birth of the republic into the present. By 1850, the United States sent a greater fraction of its children to school than any other nation on earth. Why? What did young people learn there? And, most of all, how did these institutions both reflect and shape our evolving conceptions of 'America' itself?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Architecture of Latin American Identities", number:"null", id:"37941", path:"/courses/37941", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO VIS CULT ISLAM WLD", number:"null", id:"39552", path:"/courses/39552", description:"A one-semester survey of Islamic art and architecture which examines visual culture as it functions within the larger sphere of Islamic culture in general. Particular attention will be given to relationships between visual culture and literature, using specific case studies, sites or objects which may be related to various branches of Islamic literature, including historical, didactic, philosophical writings, poetry and religious texts. All primary sources are available in English translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP AFRICAN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"36394", path:"/courses/36394", description:"This class provides an introduction to contemporary African politics. The core questions that motivate the course are (i) to what extent are political outcomes in contemporary Africa a consequence of its history, culture and geography? (ii.) Why are state structures and institutions weaker in Africa than elsewhere? (iii.) What accounts for Africa's relatively slow economic growth? (iv.) Why have some African countries been plagued by high levels of political violence while others have not? (v.) What explains the behavior of key African actors: parties or politicians?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABOR ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"35606", path:"/courses/35606", description:"Labor supply and labor demand, income distribution, labor market contracts and work incentives, human capital, labor market discrimination, job training and unemployment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: FRESHMAN SEMINAR: ITALIAN FOOD CULTURE IN ART, CINEMA AND LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"42995", path:"/courses/42995", description:"Topics vary. See the Department's website at https://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS.:EM,OPTICS,MODP", number:"null", id:"36347", path:"/courses/36347", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, relativity theory, optics, and the quantum theory of matter, requiring a background in calculus. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGEMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"45226", path:"/courses/45226", description:"Today's healthcare industry continues to be highly turbulent in nature presenting many challenges for leaders in the workplace. Competency in workforce planning and recruitment, selection and retention of top talent for organizational innovation and growth are essential for nursing leaders. Utilizing the American Organization of Nurse Executives (AONE) Competencies (2006) as a curricular guide, this course emphasizes human resources management skills essential for any nurse leader to address employee relations challenges and provide for an enriching work environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"37224", path:"/courses/37224", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. 

This course focuses on the culture of French-speaking countries beyond the borders of France. Along with your classmates, you will explore the cities of Dakar, Fort-de-France and Marrakesh, investigating the diversity of the francophone world through film, literature and music. As in other French courses at Penn, class is conducted entirely in French. In addition to structured oral practice, work in class will include frequent communicative activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions, and debates, often carried out in pairs or small groups. Daily homework will require researching in the library and on the Internet, listening practice with video clips, in addition to regular written exercises in the workbook.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Cultural Anthropology", number:"null", id:"43683", path:"/courses/43683", description:"An introduction to the anthropological study of human social and cultural diversity throughout the world, with special emphasis on the development of the idea of culture as an analytical concept. The course includes sections on the ethnographic research method and on the library of ethnographic material relating to cultural change in different parts of the world that anthropology has produced since the 19th century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOSCOW: THE CULTURAL HISTORY", number:"null", id:"36480", path:"/courses/36480", description:"This course is intended for students who have spoken Russian at home and seek to improve their capabilities in formal and professional uses of the Russian language. An extraordinary diverse city, Moscow has acquired a number of names, referring both to its size and role in the national history: The Third Rome, The Whitestone One, The First Throne, The Forty Forties, The Hero City, and even The Big Village. In this course, students will examine the cultural history of the great city from 1147 to the present. The 'itinerary' for this imaginary trip will include the Kremlin and the banyas, Saint Basil's Cathedral and the Bolshoi Theater, the Ostankino Tower and the underground palaces of the Metro, the workers' canteen and the dining rooms of the posh restaurants, etc. The course discussions will be centered on literary texts, travelers' accounts, films, and works of art and architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE", number:"null", id:"39725", path:"/courses/39725", description:"Artificial Intelligence is considered from the point of view of a resource-limited knowledge-based agent who must reason and act in the world. Topics include search, knowledge representation and reasoning, probabilistic reasoning, machine learning, logic, automatic theorem proving, and natural language processing. Programming assignments in Python.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHILD AND ADOLESCENT MENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"37656", path:"/courses/37656", description:"This course is designed to prepare advanced practice registered nurses to address mental health concerns of children, adolescents and their families from a bio-psycho-socio-cultural perspective. Prevention, assessment, and treatment of psychiatric disorders affecting children and adolescents in a variety of settings will be presented in the context of mental health, school and primary health care delivery systems. Students will explore both pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatment strategies, as well as methods to identify and implement evidence-based practice in child and adolescent populations. Mental health policy, as well as the unique needs of special populations (e.g., youth in the juvenile justice system) will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED HUMAN ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY & PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT II", number:"null", id:"40415", path:"/courses/40415", description:"This is the second part of a two semester course designed to provide a comprehensive study of the structure and function of the human body along with essential embryology and maturational physiology. Histological and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms that enable the human body to maintain homeostasis. Within each system, deviations from normal are considered to situate the student's understanding of health problems and to foster an appreciation for the complexity of the human organism. Integrated laboratories and case studies provide a contextual base to acquire and use domain-specific knowledge that includes physical assessment, and procedural.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFT MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"41778", path:"/courses/41778", description:"Soft matter is found in diverse applications including sports (helmets & cloths); food (chocolate, egg); consumer products (e.g., lotions and shampoo); and devices (displays, electronics). Whereas solids and liquids are typically hard and crystalline or soft and fluid, respectively, soft matter can exhibit both solid and liquid like behavior. In this class, we investigate the thermodynamic and dynamic principles common to soft matter as well as soft (weak) forces, self-assembly and phase behavior. Classes of matter include colloidal particles, polymers, liquid crystalline molecules, amphiphilic molecules, biomacromolecules/membranes, and food. About four active learning activities will be included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFLUENCE", number:"null", id:"37726", path:"/courses/37726", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIFE/DEATH IN HAN CHINA", number:"null", id:"38395", path:"/courses/38395", description:"Using maps, city-panning, architecture, wall painting, sculpture, and minor arts as evidence, the course will examine the attitudes toward life and death in Han (206 BCE-AD 220) China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"43050", path:"/courses/43050", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language (ASL). Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE OF DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38581", path:"/courses/38581", description:"The course will explore the changing relationship during the modern era between design(structure, model, plan of a work of art) and language (metaphor for a system of communication; speech, writing, literature). Our readings and visual presentations will focus on topics in the decorative arts, painting, architecture, typography and visual communication. We will focus on primary sources in order to situate our inquiry in a larger historical context. The discussion will center on claims about the inherent meaning of form, discuss different roles for design -as an ideological statement, as an agent of social change, and as an idiosyncratic expression. Topics will also include the search for a universal visual language, attempts at bridging the perceived gap between spoken and written language, and the impact of visual form on the meaning of literary texts (particularly when the author has been involved in the publication process). Students can suggest additional topics related to their field of study.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORIES, MODELS & PRACTICES THAT INFORM COACHING", number:"null", id:"35572", path:"/courses/35572", description:"This course will examine how theory guides the effective practice of coaching. Students will be introduced to a theory and model that encompasses a multi-disciplinary approach to coaching in an organizational setting. With this framework as a basis, students will select, research, and present a theoretical model of their own choosing and design a coaching application that demonstrates theory in action. Students will leave the course with an array of theoretical frameworks and practical techniques that will enhance their own coaching capabilities as managers and consultants. Undergraduates may enroll in 500-level courses only with permission of the instructor. This course fills the following Organizational Dynamics requirements: Categories: A Concentrations: LMC, OC This course will meet on the following Saturdays: March 7, 21, and 28; April 4,11, and 18.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE HONORS PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"41313", path:"/courses/41313", description:"An essay of substantial length on a literary or linguistic topic, written under the supervision of a faculty adviser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBANIZATION AND ITS DISCONTENTS", number:"null", id:"42952", path:"/courses/42952", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SWEDISH I", number:"null", id:"42112", path:"/courses/42112", description:"Part one of the elementary level Swedish course. The first-year language course introduces you to contemporary Swedish and Nordic society, culture, and history. Students actively participate in class in discussion, assignments and projects. You will learn to understand and use basic language in a contemporary everyday-life context. The course will offer individualized opportunities to explore Swedish and to reflect over how it fits with your continued academic and personal development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"38638", path:"/courses/38638", description:"Open only to residents in La Maison Francaise. Participants earn 1/2 c.u. per semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY A", number:"null", id:"43806", path:"/courses/43806", description:"General principles of biology focusing on the basic chemistry of life, cell biology, molecular biology, and genetics in all types of living organisms. Particular emphasis will be given to links between the fundamental processes covered and current challenges of humankind in the areas of energy, food, and health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ZULU II", number:"null", id:"43666", path:"/courses/43666", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSONALITY & INDIV DIFF", number:"null", id:"36423", path:"/courses/36423", description:"This courseprovides an introduction to the psychology of personality and individual differences. Many psychology courses focus on the mind or brain; in contrast to those approaches of studying people in general, the focus in this course is on the question 'How are people different from each other?' It will highlight research that take a multidimensional approach to individual differences and attempts to integrate across the biological, cognitive-experimental, and social-cultural influences on personality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEXICO: REVOLUTION AND CULTURE", number:"null", id:"44960", path:"/courses/44960", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIPER SEMINAR: Vagelos Integrated Program in Energy Research (VIPER) Seminar, Part I", number:"null", id:"36628", path:"/courses/36628", description:"This is the first part of the two-semester seminar designed to introduce students to the VIPER program and help them prepare for energy-related research. Research articles on various energy-related topics will be discussed, and students will be guided toward their research topic selection. Library research, presentation of data, basic research methods, research ethics, data analysis, advisor identification, and funding options will also be discussed. Sample energy topics discussed will include: Applications of nanostructured materials in solar cells; Solid oxide fuel cells; Global climate modeling: radiant heat transfer; Nanocrystal-based technologies for energy storage;Photo-bioreactor systems for mass production of micro-algae; Advanced rare earths separations chemistry; Modeling of oxides for solar energy applications; and Electronic transport in carbon nanomaterials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"A History of Films By and About Native Americans", number:"null", id:"36458", path:"/courses/36458", description:"Spring 2014 Topic: This course will explore the dramatic changes that have occurred in the last century in the way Native Americans have been represented in the medium of film. Beginning with silent films like The Vanishing American and moving forward to contemporary films written, directed, and acted by Native Americans, the class will progress from the study of stereotypical images of Hollywood films to the current era of the Native American Renaissance, which has produced films like Smoke Signals, Whale Rider, and The Fast Runner. Because the course is cross-listed in Religious Studies, English, and Anthropology, we will focus on the power of film to convey dimensions of Native American cultures that are more difficult to appreciate in written accounts. In other words, film is able to convey dimensions of the oral tradition, material culture, and the spiritual significance of the land much more effectively because of the visual and audio components of the medium. The films will be situated in a richly nuanced historical and cultural context in order to provide students with a fuller sense of the Native cultures that that are the subjects of the films studied during the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"35756", path:"/courses/35756", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION & COLONIAL RULE IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"41560", path:"/courses/41560", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEACE COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"42589", path:"/courses/42589", description:"When 'me' and 'you' becomes 'us' and 'them', a suite of psychological processes are amplified or come online. In this course, we will examine the forces that drive people to engage in intergroup conflict through the lenses of evolutionary biology and psychology, and then examine the effectiveness of communications-based interventions at easing conflict. In the first part of the course, we will learn about the theoretical work on intergroup psychology; in the second part, we will examine the specific processes that drive conflict (e.g., stereotypes, prejudice, dehumanization) and how they are measured using both explicit self-report and implicit measures e.g., physiology, neuroimaging); in the third part, we will explore the interventions that have been demonstrated to work (and fail) to decrease intergroup conflict. No prior experience in psychology or neuroscience is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN, GENDER AND EMPIRE IN THE MIDDLE EAST", number:"null", id:"40391", path:"/courses/40391", description:"From Tunisia to Egypt to Syria to Iraq, dissent and rebellion seem to be on the upswing in the contemporary Middle East. The 'Arab Spring' brought about a renewed focus on the heritage of dissent in the Arab Middle East. This CWiC Critical Speaking Seminar will examine this heritage, starting with the religious and political dissent of the Prophet Muhammad against the polytheism of the Arabian peninsula, focusing on the different styles and kinds of dissent in, for example, literature, religion, and politics. In understanding this heritage, we will then look to how the actors in the 2011 Arab revolutions voiced their own dissent and interpreted this heritage of dissent.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS OF HEALTH CARE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"40424", path:"/courses/40424", description:"The theoretical foundations of health care ethics including definitions of ethics, history of bioethics and nursing ethics, and the influence of religion,psychology of moral development and philosophy in the development of ethical theory. Nursing code of ethics, changing ideas in ethics, and discussion of the developing profession of nursing are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM & THE PRESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"38373", path:"/courses/38373", description:"This course will examine the vital aspect of communication as a tool of the modern Presidency. Reading and class discussions will focus on case studies drawn from modern Presidential administrations (beginning with FDR) that demonstrate the elements of successful and unsuccessful Presidential initiatives and the critical factor of communication, common to both. This course is also an introduction to primary research methods and to the use of primary research materials in the Presidential Library system. Applications for course available in the Undergraduate Office. Preference given to ComPS students. Majors only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE POLITICS OF PRECARIOUS INVENTION IN NORTH AMERICAN POETRY AND POETICS", number:"null", id:"41322", path:"/courses/41322", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"40787", path:"/courses/40787", description:"Community economic development concerns the revitalization of impoverished communities. As with all things economic, poor and working people may be the subjects or the objects of development. We will utilize case studies from Philadelphia and around the world in an exploration of various models of economic justice and sustainable development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE IN MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA", number:"null", id:"40835", path:"/courses/40835", description:"This is a Wharton Global Modular Course on finance in the Middle East and North Africa. Its objective is to bring students, academics and industry experts together to study financial markets, practice, and institutions in this region.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INEQUALITY & RACE POLICY", number:"null", id:"40599", path:"/courses/40599", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION: Contemporary French Society Through Its Media", number:"null", id:"37229", path:"/courses/37229", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve speaking and writing skills by offering extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It will also help students better understand contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression. The content is organized around current events and the themes of identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). Students will practice oral skills in a variety of ways, including video blogs and group presentations on selected current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects. 

The goal of this course is to help students attain the Advanced level of proficiency in speaking and writing (by ACTFL standards). The specific language functions we will work on are narration, description, offering and soliciting advice and opinions, expressing feelings, critique and analysis, argumentation. 

(Recommended for students who are planning to study abroad in France)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"43561", path:"/courses/43561", description:"This is a capstone seminar for STSC maors, and a required seminar for any STSC junior who wishes to write a senior thesis for honors in the major. It is designed to provide the tools necessary to undertake original research by guiding students through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or a completed research paper by the end of the term. Although each student will work on a different topic, the class will focus on general aspects of historical, and social scientific research and guide students through a close reading of key texts in science and technology studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE WORLD OF CLEOPATRA", number:"null", id:"37606", path:"/courses/37606", description:"The figure of Cleopatra is familiar from modern stories, legends, and film. Was this famous woman a brazen seductress or a brilliant political mind? How many of these presentations are historically accurate? This class will examine the Ptolemaic period in Egypt (305-30 BCE), the time period during which Cleopatra lived, in an attempt to separate myth from reality. The Ptolemaic period is filled with political and personal intrigue. It was also a time of dynamic multiculturalism. Arguably one of the most violent and fascinating eras in ancient Egyptian history, the Ptolemaic period is largely unknown and often misunderstood. This course will examine the history, art, religion and literature of Egypt's Ptolemaic period which culminated in the reign of Cleopatra VII.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIGURE DRAWING I", number:"null", id:"37179", path:"/courses/37179", description:"Students work directly from the nude model and focus on its articulation through an understanding of anatomical structure and function. Students will investigate a broad variety of drawing techniques and materials. The model will be used as the sole element in a composition and as a contextualized element.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"43270", path:"/courses/43270", description:"Supervised advanced psychiatric mental health nursing practice with children, adolescents and their families, or adults and/or older adults and their families in a variety of settings, depending on the subspeciality option selected. Refinement and development of clinical intervention with an increasingly diverse caseload. A minimum of 16 hours of practice and 3 hours of small group supervision is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOLOGY OF THE INCA", number:"null", id:"40932", path:"/courses/40932", description:"The Inca created a vast and powerful South American empire in the high Andes Mountains that was finally conquered by Spain. Using Penn's impressive museum collections and other archaeological, linguistic, and historical sources, this course will examine Inca religion and worldview, architecture, sacred temples, the capital of Cuzco, ritual calendar, ceque system, textiles, metalworking, economic policies and expansionist politics from the dual perspectives of Inca rulers and their subjects. Our task is to explain the rise, dominance, and fall of the Incas as a major South American civilization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Russian and East European Film II", number:"null", id:"36471", path:"/courses/36471", description:"This course examines the Russian and East European contribution to world cinema after WWII - Stalinist aesthetics and desalinization, WWII in film, the installation of totalitarianism in Eastern Europe and the Cold War in film, the fall of the Berlin Wall, the collapse of the Soviet Union and the post-soviet condition, cinematic representations of Yugoslavia's violent breakup; the new Romanian waive. Major filmmakers in discussion include Kalatozov, Tarkovsky, Wajda, Polanski, Forman, Mentzel, Sabo, Kusturitsa, Konchalovsky, Mikhalkov and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGENCE OF MODERN SCI", number:"null", id:"45318", path:"/courses/45318", description:"During the last 500 years, science has emerged as a central and transformative force that continues to reshape everyday life in countless ways. This introductory course will survey the emergence of the scientific world view from the Renaissance through the end of the 20th century. By focusing on the life, work, and cultural contexts of those who created modern science, we will explore their core ideas and techniques, where they came from, what problems they solved, what made them controversial and exciting and how they relate to contemporary religious beliefs, politics, art, literature, and music. The course is organized chronologically and thematically. In short, this is a 'Western Civ' course with a difference, open to students at all levels.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"US AND THE WORLD SINCE 1898", number:"null", id:"44342", path:"/courses/44342", description:"This class examines the emergence of the U.S. as a world power since 1898, and considers both the international and domestic consequences of U.S. foreign relations. In one respect, the twentieth century was a strange time to become a global empire: it was the period when colonial systems centered in Europe, Russia, Japan, and Turkey collapsed, and new nations emerged throughout Africa and Asia. This class explores the changing strategies of military, economic, and political intervention that the U.S. pursued as colonization lost legitimacy. Within that framework, the class invites students to think about several questions: How did the idea and practice of empire change over the twentieth century? How did the United States relate to new visions of independence emerging in Africa, Asia, and Latin America? How did global interactions both inform and reflect racial ideology in the United States? Finally, how did international affairs transform U.S. politics and social movements?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"40029", path:"/courses/40029", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIVING WORLD IN ARCHAEOLOGICAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"35289", path:"/courses/35289", description:"By focusing on the scientific analysis of archaeological remains, this course will explore life and death in the past. It takes place in the new Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials (CAAM) and is team taught in three modules: human skeletal analysis, analysis of animal remains, and analysis of plant remains. Each module will combine laboratory and classroom exercises to give students hands-on experience with archaeological materials. We will examine how organic materials provide key information about past environments, human behavior, and cultural change through discussions of topics such as health and disease, inequality, and food.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOIL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"35850", path:"/courses/35850", description:"Soil is considered the 'skin of the Earth', with interfaces between the lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, and biosphere. It is a mixture of minerals, organic matter, gases, liquids and a myriad of organisms that can support plant life. As such, soil is a natural body that exists as part of the environment. This course will examine the nature, properties, formation and environmental functions of soil.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS OF FLUIDS", number:"null", id:"35419", path:"/courses/35419", description:"Students will understand, evaluate, and apply different equations of state relating pressure, temperature, and volume for both ideal and non-ideal systems. The course will focus on calculating and applying residual properties and departure functions for thermodynamic analysis of non-ideal gases. Students will apply and describe simple models of vapor-liquid equilibrium in multi-component systems (e.g. Raoult's Law, modified Raoult's Law, Henry's Law). Additionally, the class will analyze and describe properties of non-ideal mixtures and their component species. We will also model and predict reaction equilibria (including non-ideal fluid systems), as well as solve problems related to complex phase equilibria of multi-component systems (find equilibrium compositions for non-ideal phases).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN SOUTH", number:"null", id:"40127", path:"/courses/40127", description:"Southern culture and history from 1607-1860, from Jamestown to seccession. Traces the rise of slavery and plantation society, the growth of Southern sectionalism and its explosion into Civil War.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"35613", path:"/courses/35613", description:"Continuation of EEUR 121", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH CENT EUR INTEL HIST", number:"null", id:"44331", path:"/courses/44331", description:"Starting with the dual challenges of Enlightenment and Revolution at the close of the eighteenth century, this course examines the emergence of modern European thought and culture in the century from Kant to Nietzsche. Themes to be considered include Romanticism, Utopian Socialism, early Feminism, Marxism, Liberalism, and Aestheticism. Readings include Kant, Hegel, Burke, Marx, Mill, Wollstonecraft, Darwin, Schopenhauer, and Nietzsche.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT", number:"null", id:"37630", path:"/courses/37630", description:"This is a laboratory course designed to help beginning nursing students to develop competence in the process of physical assessment. Students engage in actual practice of physical assessment with fellow students as their 'patient' subject. A blending of instructor demonstration and supervision of physical examination practice sessions is used in the learning laboratory setting. Students prepare via self-learning activities with a variety of supplied resources (readings, videotapes, computer programs) and have the opportunity to refine their skill though faculty-supervised practice sessions. Procedural skills that correlate with the presentations of physiologic system assessment are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
