CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN LANG. & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"35250", path:"/courses/35250", description:"The aim of the course is to provide a general perspective on African languages and African linguistics. No background in linguistics is necessary. Students will be introduced to theoretical linguistics-its concepts, theories, ways of argumentation, data collection, data analysis, and data interpretation. The focus will be on the languages and linguistics of Africa to provide you with the knowledge and skills required to handle the language and language-related issues typical of African conditions. We will cover topics related to formal linguistics (phonology/phonetics, morphology, syntax, and semantics), aspects of pragmatics as well as the general socio-linguistic character of African countries. We will also cover language in context, language and culture, borrowing, multilingualism, and cross-cultural communication in Africa.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUDDHISM", number:"null", id:"44878", path:"/courses/44878", description:"This course seeks to introduce students to the diversity of doctrines held and practices performed by Buddhists in Asia. By focusing on how specific beliefs and practices are tied to particular locations and particular times, we will be able to explore in detail the religious institutions, artistic, architectural, and musical traditions, textual production and legal and doctrinal developments of Buddhism over time and within its socio-historical context. Religion is never divorced from its place and its time. Furthermore, by geographically and historically grounding the study of these religions we will be able to examine how their individual ethic, cosmological and soteriological systems effect local history, economics, politics, and material culture. We will concentrate first on the person of the Buddha, his many biographies and how he has been followed and worshipped in a variety of ways from Lhasa, Tibet to Phrae, Thailand. From there we touch on the foundational teachings of the Buddha with an eye to how they have evolved and transformed over time. Finally, we focus on the practice of Buddhist ritual, magic and ethics in monasteries and among aly communities in Asia and even in the West. This section will confront the way Buddhists have thought of issues such as 'Just-War,' Women's Rights and Abortion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SILK ROAD", number:"null", id:"39811", path:"/courses/39811", description:"Fall 2016;Silk Road: This course will examine the full extent of the so-called Silk Road, from the prehistoric period up to the Mongol period (ca. 13th c.). The primary focus, however, will be on the Tarim Basin in Eastern Central Asia during the Bronze Age and Early Iron Age. It was here and during this period that the famous Caucasoid/Europoid mummies were discovered during the 20th century. All aspects of the mummies will be studied, from physical anthropology to genetics, from language to textiles, from burials to lifestyles, from religion to art. The question of what happened to the mumy people will also be raised, as will who their successors were after they disappeared.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"41380", path:"/courses/41380", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOOD AND FIRE", number:"null", id:"39518", path:"/courses/39518", description:"This course will let students explore the essential heritage of human technology through archaeology. People have been transforming their environment from the first use of fire for cooking. Since then, humans have adapted to the world they created using the resources around them. We use artifacts to understand how the archaeological record can be used to trace breakthroughs such as breaking stone and bone, baking bread, weaving cloth and firing pottery and metals. The seminar will meet in the Penn Museum's new Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials. Students will become familiar with the Museum's collections and the scientific methods used to study different materials. Class sessions will include discussions, guest presentations, museum field trips, and hands-on experience in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREP THROUGH ACQUIS.: Entrepreneurship through Acquisitions", number:"null", id:"36129", path:"/courses/36129", description:"This course focuses on the theoretical and practical issues of acquiring a business. Topics include: locating a business, due diligence, reviewing and analyzing data, valuation, raising capital/financing the deal, structuring the acquisition, and integrating the target.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Idea Generation & the Systematic Approach for Creativity", number:"null", id:"40345", path:"/courses/40345", description:"The ability to solve problems creatively and generate change is a recognized standard of success and plays an important role in gaining a competitive advantage in many areas of business management. This course is designed to teach students several creative problem solving methodologies that complement other managerial tools acquired in undergraduate and graduate studies. The course offers students the opportunity to learn how to solve problems, identify opportunities, and generate those elusive ideas that potentially generate enormous benefits to organizations. The objectives of this course are to enhance the students' (a) creativity, (b) ability to innovate and (c) ability to identify, recruit, develop, manage, retain, and collaborate with creative people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39684", path:"/courses/39684", description:"This is an intermediate language course. It aims to develop students' overall linguistic skills in listening, speaking, reading, and writing Chinese. The specially designed textbook gives introduction to various topics on Chinese culture. Students can expect to gain knowledge about China while they are learning the language. By completion of the course, students are expected to be able to master 1200 most frequently used characters in common reading materials, and to communicate with Chinese on", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLN SCHOLARS NURS DISCIP: CLINICAL SCHOLARS IN THE DISCIPLINE OF NURSING:", number:"null", id:"37706", path:"/courses/37706", description:"This 2-semester course is designed to enhance the understanding of the practice of nursing as an intellectual discipline for doctoral students who have limited clinical practice experience prior to pursuing the PhD. It consists of individualized clinical experiences that are integrally related to the student's area of research interest and which are facilitated by clinician guides in a variety of settings. Students actively participate in seminars that focus on examining the health needs of individuals and vulnerable patients, the praxis of nursing and its place within the complex health care delivery system, health policy and society at large. Research informing practice and practice informing research are highlighted using the clinical practice experiences as case exemplars. 

NURS 803 is a course designed specifically for two groups of PhD students: the Hillman Scholars in Nursing Innovation and post-baccalaureate students completing an MS in passing who have limited clinical experience as a professional nurse. This course is designed to expose students to carefully selected clinical experiences that provide opportunities to build a clinical appreciation of the practice of nursing as an intellectual discipline, to gain an enhanced understanding of the health care delivery system, and to examine the intersection of research, policy, and practice at the frontlines of nursing practice. To this end, this course combines the clinical experiences with a weekly seminar facilitated to dissect common issues experienced by vulnerable patients and families across care settings and specialties, to critically examine the contributions of nursing science to that care, and to examine how the health care system contributes or detracts from optimal care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Sociology of Religion", number:"null", id:"44925", path:"/courses/44925", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFAM FRESHMAN SEMINAR: VISIONS OF AMERICA: PLURAL NATIONS, PLACES AND IDEALS", number:"null", id:"39476", path:"/courses/39476", description:"This course will introduce students to a more hemispheric understanding of the American experience, through the writings of many authors from the New World, including the United States, on what it means to be an American. Students will read texts from many genres including but not limited to poetry, film, prose, political speeches and autobiography, to come to terms with histories of native Americans, African-Americans, Latinos, and whites in the United States, as well as peoples of South America and the Caribbean. In the process students will become familiar with scholarship across the social sciences and humanities that consider issues of race, culture, nation, freedom and inequality in the Americas, and how racial slavery and the Afro-American hemispheric experience has informed multiple American visions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"35487", path:"/courses/35487", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEMES IN INDIAN PHILOS: YOGA AND TANTRA", number:"null", id:"37885", path:"/courses/37885", description:"Topics vary. When the topic is Yoga philosophy, the following applies. Yoga is a classical school of Indian philosophy that consists of a unique metaphysics epistemology, and ethics. Yoga in the contemporary context usually refers to a system of physical and spiritual exercises that draw from this philosophy. In this course, we will read the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali in English translation from the original Sanskrit, with commentary. We will go over all central concepts, technical terms, and historical developments in the philosophy of Yoga. We will also discuss the philosophy of Hatha Yoga in the context of its historical and practical developments. No prior knowledge of Indian philosophy is required for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"44522", path:"/courses/44522", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems. The course uses a combination of cases, simulation and readings. The cases are drawn primarily from technology-based industries. Note, however, that the case disucssions are mainly based on strategic (not technical) issues. Hence, a technical background is not required for fruitful participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"", number:"null", id:"43130", path:"/courses/43130", description:"This is a course on creating a business to attack a social problem and thereby accomplish both social impact and financial sustainability. For this course, social entrepreneurship is defined as entrepreneurship used to profitably confront social problems. This definition therefore views social entrepreneurship as a distinct alternative to public sector initiatives. The basic thesis is that many social problems, if looked at through an entrepreneurial lens, create opportunity for someone to launch a venture that generates profits by alleviating that social problem. This sets in motion a virtuous cycle - the entrepreneur is incented to generate more profits and in so doing, the more the profits made, the more the problem is alleviated. Even if it is not possible to eventually create a profit-making enterprise, the process of striving to do so can lead to a resource-lean not-for-profit entity. Creating a profitable social entrepreneurship venture is by no means a simple challenge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NONLINEAR DYNAM & CHAOS", number:"null", id:"42727", path:"/courses/42727", description:"Continuous Dynamical Systems: Nonlinear Equations versus Linear Equations, Flows on a Line, Fixed Points and Stability, Stability Analysis, Potentials, Saddle-Node Bifurcations, Transcritical Bifurcations, Supercritical and Subcritical Pitchfork Bifurcations, Dimensional Analysis and Scaling, Imperfect Bifurcations and Catastrophes, Flows on the Circle, The Uniform and Nonuniform Oscillator, Oscillation Periods, Two-Dimensional Flows, Linear Systems, Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors, Classification of Fixed Points, Phase Portraits, Existence and Uniqueness, Fixed Points and Linearization, Nonlinear Terms, Conservative Systems, Reversible Systems, Index Theory, Limit Cycles, Van Der Pol Oscillator, Gradient Systems, Liaponov Functions, Dulac's Criterion, Poincare-Bendixson Theorem, Lienard Systems, Relaxation Oscillations, Weakly Nonlinear Oscillators, Regular Perturbation Theory, Two-Timing, Supercritical and Subcritical Hopf Bifurcations, Global Bifurcations of Cycles, Hysteresis, and the Poincare Map, The Lorenz Equations, Strange Attractors, The Lorenz Map.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PRINT CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38756", path:"/courses/38756", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUG DELIVERY", number:"null", id:"42475", path:"/courses/42475", description:"The topics include drug transport, distribution and interactions in the body, specific challenges for biotherapeutics, pharmacokinetics, drug delivery systems and nanocarriers, gene delivery systems, targeted drug delivery, and translational aspects of new drug delivery systems. Faculty from engineering and medicine will give lectures related to their research interests. The students read current journal articles on drug delivery systems. The major group assignment for the course is a written and oral group proposal on a new drug delivery system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"38019", path:"/courses/38019", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PATHWAYS TO PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"45218", path:"/courses/45218", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE: Introduction to Management", number:"null", id:"44497", path:"/courses/44497", description:"We all spend much of our lives in organizations. Most of us are born in organizations, educated in organizations, and work in organizations. Organizations emerge because individuals can't (or don't want to) accomplish their goals alone. Management is the art and science of helping individuals achieve their goals together. Managers in an organization determine where their organization is going and how it gets there. More formally, managers formulate strategies and implement those strategies. This course provides a framework for understanding the opportunities and challenges involved in formulating and implementing strategies by taking a 'system' view of organizations,which means that we examine multiple aspects of how managers address their environments, strategy, structure, culture, tasks, people, and outputs, and how managerial decisions made in these various domains interrelate. The course will help you to understand and analyze how managers can formulate and implement strategies effectively. It will be particularly valuable if you are interested in management consulting, investment analysis, or entrepreneurship - but it will help you to better understand and be a more effective contributor to any organizations you join, whether they are large, established firms or startups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIRST-YEAR SEMINAR:  WRITING ABOUT ART", number:"null", id:"42656", path:"/courses/42656", description:"Freshman Seminars under the title 'Topics in Literature' will afford entering students who are considering literary study as their major the opportunity to explore a particular and limited subject with a professor whose current work lies in that area. Topics may range from the lyric poems of Shakespeare's period to the ethnic fiction of contemporary America. Small class-size will insure all students the opportunity to participate in lively discussions. Students may expect frequent and extensive writing assignments, but these seminars are not writing courses; rather, they are intensive introductions to the serious study of literature. One of them may be counted toward the English major and may be applied to a period, genre, or thematic requirement within the major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOUNDATIONS OF MKT ECON", number:"null", id:"41261", path:"/courses/41261", description:"This course will study the historical and intellectual forces behind the appearance of market economies on the world stage. The voyages of exploration undertaken by Europeans in the 15th and 16th century created, in just a few decades, a global economy. By 1600, silver from Mexico was exchanged in Manila for ceramics made in Nanjing (China). After a long trip through the Pacific, Mexico, and the Atlantic, the ceramics ended up in the tables of prosperous merchants in Bruges (modern day Belgium). How did this integrated global economy appear? How did global interconnections over the centuries shap our current world? How did markets emerge and influence these interconnections? Who were the winners of globalization? And who were the losers? How did economists, political scientists, and others think about the strengths and weakness of market economies?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETIC PHENOMEN", number:"null", id:"44786", path:"/courses/44786", description:"Survey of electrodynamics, focusing on applications to research done in the Department. Topics include mathematical structure and relativistic invariance properties of Maxwell equations, tensor methods, and the generation and scattering of radiation, in vacuum and in materials. Applications vary from year to year but include optical manipulation, astrophysical phenomena, and the generalizations from Maxwell's theory to those of other fundamental interactions (strong, electroweak, and gravitational forces).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SICK & SATIRED", number:"null", id:"41196", path:"/courses/41196", description:"The goal of this course will be to prove definitively how and why humor, as both an instigator and peacemaker, might be considered one of the most influential and profoundly useful forms of communication devised by human beings. The unique ability of jokes and satire to transcend familiar literary and journalistic forms for the purpose of deepening (or cheapening) socio-philosophical arguments and to inspire (or discourage) debate and participation in public conversations about innumerable political and social issues will be explored. The fearless analytical nature of both high and lowbrow comedy will be examined, as well as its deflective qualities, and the corollaries construed from humor's dissection of straight society's monomania will be inspected and tested for cohesion and viability.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC SCIENCE I", number:"null", id:"36244", path:"/courses/36244", description:"This course discusses the interface of law and science. Forensic science is theapplication of scientific principles in the legal arena. This course examines the contribution of forensic science to criminal and civil investigation. Crime sceanalysis is accomplished via disciplines within forensic science. The role of tmedical examiner, the structure and function of crime laboratories, death investigation and the role of health care personnel in forensic cases is discused.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVS SEMINAR: ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"37117", path:"/courses/37117", description:"Application of student and faculty expertise to a specific environmental problem, chosen expressly for the seminar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEING HUMAN:  BIOLOGY, CULTURE, & HUMAN DIVERSITY", number:"null", id:"35280", path:"/courses/35280", description:"This course is an exploration of human biology from an evolutionary and biocultural perspective. Under this light, the class will provide you with general concepts for a better understanding of what it means to be human. We will see humans as mammals, as primates, and as hominids. We will explore the basics of human genetics, growth & development, nutrition, disease and life history. Biological variation in contemporary and past societies will be reviewed in reference to evolutionary processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MED ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"40929", path:"/courses/40929", description:"Introduction to Medical Anthropology takes central concepts in anthropology -- culture, adaptation, human variation, belief, political economy, the body -- and applies them to human health and illness. Students explore key elements of healing systems including healing technologies and healer-patient relationships. Modern day applications for medical anthropology are stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH EQUITY PROSEM: HEALTH EQUITY: CONCEPTUAL, LINGUISTIC, METHODOLOGICAL, AND ETHICAL ISSUES", number:"null", id:"41917", path:"/courses/41917", description:"The course focuses on advanced analysis and evaluation of theories, concepts, and methods related to health equity. Topic areas include models and frameworks of health equity; linguistic choices related to equity, disparity, and vulnerability; role of economics, class, gender, sex, sexuality, race, and ethnicity; health equity in special populations; and issues in health policy, research ethics, and research methods. Emphasis is on advanced discourse and analysis of health equity theory and research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN LITERARY HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40205", path:"/courses/40205", description:"In this course we survey an extensive range of readings in a variety of authors in both prose and poetry, and consider the problems and opportunities involved in literary history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL MEDIA LAB", number:"null", id:"38376", path:"/courses/38376", description:"The Digital Media Laboratory provides students with an opportunity for the practical exploration of theories and principles of audio-visual communication.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CLN CON&PRF RL CCAF1", number:"null", id:"44710", path:"/courses/44710", description:"This course examines the complexities of caring for critically ill patients within the modern ICU. Advanced concepts of critical care diagnosis, management and therapeutics are analyzed. Patient cases are evaluated within established professional standards of practice and alternative management strategies are discussed and analyzed. Care provided in patient cases is compared to the quality and safety (QSEN) competencies and strategies to improve care are described. Professional behaviors such as teamwork and collaboration and other interprofessional collaborative competencies are developed within practitioners and demonstrated and applied in simulations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTORY STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"44965", path:"/courses/44965", description:"Further development of the material in STAT 111, in particular the analysis of variance, multiple regression, non-parametric procedures and the analysis of categorical data. Data analysis via statistical packages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE", number:"null", id:"41480", path:"/courses/41480", description:"Public perceptions and attitudes concerning the causes and importance of globalwarming have changed. Global Climate Change provides a sound theoretical understanding of global warming through an appreciation of the Earth's climate system and how and why this has changed through time. We will describe progress in understanding of the human and natural drivers of climate change, climate pr0cesses and attribution, and estimates of projected future climate change. We will assess scientific, tehnical, and socio-economic information relevant for the understanding of climate change, its potential impacts and options for adaptation and mitigation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING CLAY: HANDBUILINDG AND CASTING TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"38567", path:"/courses/38567", description:"Modeling and casting are fundamental methods of object-making. Students will learn basic handbuilding techniques such as coil building, slab construction, and mold making through assignments that incorporate conceptual and technical issues. Through experimentation with these methods, this course promotes an understanding of materials, processes, visual concepts, and techniques for creating three-dimensional forms in space. In addition to using different water-based clays and plaster, other materials such as wax, plastiline, paper pulp, cardboard, and tar paper will be explored. No prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPILERS & INTERPRETER", number:"null", id:"43906", path:"/courses/43906", description:"You know how to program, but do you know how to implement a programming language? In CIS341 you'll learn how to build a compiler. Topics covered include: lexical analysis, grammars and parsing, intermediate representations, syntax-directed translation, code generation, type checking, simple dataflow and control-flow analyses, and optimizations. Along the way, we study objects and inheritance, first-class functions (closures), data representation and runtime-support issues such as garbage collection. This is a challenging, implementation-oriented course in which students build a full compiler from a simple, typed object-oriented language to fully operational x86 assembly. The course projects are implemented using OCaml, but no knowledge of OCaml is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM CLASSICAL GREEK I", number:"null", id:"40060", path:"/courses/40060", description:"Intensive introduction to Classical Greek morphology and syntax. This course includes exercises in grammar, Greek composition, and translation from Greek to English. Emphasis is placed upon developing the ability to read Greek with facility.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND TECH OF IMAGING 2", number:"null", id:"38174", path:"/courses/38174", description:"This course is a continuation of the course Fundamental Techniques of Imaging 1 (BE546). It builds upon the fall course instruction and continues to expose students to the fundamentals of modern techniques in biological and in vivo biomedical imaging. This course consists of a series of hands-on lab exercises, covering major imaging modalities, but also extends to non-radiology modalities of interest in biological, pathological or animal imaging (e.g., optical imaging). Topics include SPECT, Micro-CT, diffuse optical spectroscopy, in vivo fluorescence imaging, and computed tomography. The course will continue to emphasize the hands-on aspects of all areas of imaging and imaging analysis. Small groups of students will be led by a faculty member with technical assistance as appropriate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"C++ PROG", number:"null", id:"36916", path:"/courses/36916", description:"This course will provide an introduction to programming in C++ and is intended for students who already have some exposure to programming in another language such as Java, C++ provides the programmer with a greater level of control over machine resources and are commonly used in situations where low level access or performance are important. This course will illuminate the issues associated with programming at this level and will cover issues such as explicit memory management, pointers, the compilation process and debugging. The course will involve several programming projects which will provide students with the experience they need to program effectively in these languages. This course assumes programming experience equivalent to CIS 110, CIS 120 or ESE 112.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLICY DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"37244", path:"/courses/37244", description:"This course examines the policy development process including: the interaction of branches of government; policy analysis; information; constituencies; and management of a policy development office. The objective of this course is to provide an understanding of the development of government policy, both at the macro level and from the viewpoint of persons who are in supporting roles to the major actors in the process. The formula employed to achieve this objective consists of a combination of readings, lectures, discussions, and activities that are designed to blend conceptual and practical skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VEN CAPITAL & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"41732", path:"/courses/41732", description:"This course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of a high-growth potential start-up company. The course is motivated by rapid increases in both the supply of and demand for private equity over the past two decades. The topic is addressed from two distinct perspectives: issues that relate to the demand for private equity and venture capital (the entrepreneur's perspective) on the one hand, and issues that relate to the supply of capital (the investor's perspective) on the other. As well, we will address management issues that relate to how the VC and the entrepreneur work together once an investment has been made, compensation issues, and governance issues in the privately held venture capital backed company.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICS OF MATERIALS I", number:"null", id:"40370", path:"/courses/40370", description:"Failures of classical physics and the historical basis for quantum theory. Postulates of wave mechanics; uncertainty principle, wave packets and wave-particle duality. Schrodinger equation and operators; eigenvalue problems in 1 and 3 dimensions (barriers, wells, hydrogen, atom). Perturbation theory; scattering of particles and light. Free electron theory of metals; Drude and Sommerfeld models, dispersion relations and optical properties of solids. Extensive use of computer-aided self-study will be made.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BIG BANG AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"40984", path:"/courses/40984", description:"An introductory course for students who do not intend to major in a physical science or engineering, covering theories of the Universe ranging from the ancient perspective to the contemporary hot big bang model, including some notions of Einstein's special and general theories of relativity. Topics will include the solar system, stars, black holes, galaxies, and the structure, origin and future of the Universe itself. Elementary algebra is used. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS FOR WHARTON STU", number:"null", id:"37457", path:"/courses/37457", description:"Differential calculus, integral calculus, series, differential equations and elements of multivariable calculus, with an emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FETAL EVALUATION", number:"null", id:"36279", path:"/courses/36279", description:"This course focuses on identifying at risk and high risk maternal fetal dyads, developing knowledge relating to assessment of fetal well being, and understanding the implications of obstetric, non obstertric, and fetal complications on the management of the high risk pregnancy. Additionally the course provides an understanding of the scientific basis for new technologies used to evaluate at risk and high risk populations. Information about the physics of ultrasound, pulse echo imaging, and doppler techniques will be provided. Students must be able to practice ultrasound skills while in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40680", path:"/courses/40680", description:"This course is a comprehensive introduction to the sociological study of urban areas. This includes more general topics as the rise of cities and theories urbanism, as well as more specific areas of inquiry, including American urbanism, segregation, urban poverty, suburbanization and sprawl, neighborhoods and crime, and immigrant ghettos. The course will also devote significant attention to globalization and the process of urbanization in less developed counties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FASCIST CINEMAS", number:"null", id:"42889", path:"/courses/42889", description:"Cinema played a crucial role in the cultural life of Nazi Germany and other fascist states. As cinema enthusiasts, Goebbels and Hitler were among the first to realize the important ideological potential of film as a mass medium and saw to it that Germany remained a cinema powerhouse producing more than 1000 films during the Nazi era. In Italy, Mussolini, too, declared cinema 'the strongest weapon.' This course explores the world of 'fascist' cinemas ranging from infamous propaganda pieces such as The Triumph of the Will to popular entertainments such as musicals and melodramas. It examines the strange and mutually defining kinship between fascism more broadly and film. We will consider what elements mobilize and connect the film industries of the Axis Powers: style, genre, the aestheticization of politics, the creation of racialized others. More than seventy years later, fascist cinemas challenge us to grapple with issues of more subtle ideological insinuation than we might think. Weekly screenings with subtitles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"40222", path:"/courses/40222", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY A", number:"null", id:"39610", path:"/courses/39610", description:"General principles of biology focusing on the basic chemistry of life, cell biology, molecular biology, and genetics in all types of living organisms. Particular emphasis will be given to links between the fundamental processes covered and current challenges of humankind in the areas of energy, food, and health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"37035", path:"/courses/37035", description:"The purpose of this course is to examine the financing of governments in the urban economy. Topics to be covered include the causes and consequences of the urban fiscal crisis, the design of optimal tax and spending policies for local governments, funding of public infrastructures and the workings of the municipal bond market, privatization of government services, and public financial systems for emerging economies. Applications include analyses of recent fiscal crises, local services and taxes as important determinants of real estate prices, the infrastructure crisis, financing and the provision of public education, and fiscal constitutions for new democracies using South Africa as an example.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREP THROUGH ACQUIS.", number:"null", id:"45209", path:"/courses/45209", description:"MGMT 811 focuses on the theoretical, strategic, analytics, and practical issues of acquiring a business. Topics include: locating a business, due diligence, reviewing and analyzing data, valuation, raising capital/financing the deal, structuring the acquisition, letters of intent, contracts/asset purchase agreements, and integrating the target.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGIOUS SACRIFICE", number:"null", id:"44874", path:"/courses/44874", description:"Sacrifice, or the presentation of sacred offerings to the gods, is one of the most common activities in all religious traditions. The presence of sacrifice throughout history and across cultures has led many scholars to suggest that this type of ritual encapsulates the essence of religious behavior. Understanding sacrifice is thus an important factor of understanding religion, and any explanation of sacrifice is a theory of religion in miniature. This class will introduce students to influential anthropological, sociological, and psychological theories of sacrifice, from early depictions of sacrifice as an act of commercial exchange between humans and superhuman agents to more recent theories that stress the role of sacrifice as a political device for augmenting power relations within society. We will test these theories by applying them to several case studies derived from Asian religions, such as the Indian Yajna fire ritual, the Chinese ancestral sacrifice, and the self-sacrifice of the Bodhisattva in Mahayana Buddhism. Our study of both theory and practice will help us better understand the persistent presence of sacrifice from antiquity to the modern day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOCAL BIOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"42327", path:"/courses/42327", description:"This seminar explores anthropological perspectives on the interactions between biological and cultural systems. The goal of the seminar is to move beyond human experience as symbolic construction, and to understand how biology and pathology are expressed through and embedded in social relations and experience. We consider recent classificatory shifts in the sciences of human nature, the vexed dynamic between objectivity and uncertainty, and the ways in which scientific knowledge informs moral categories and social thought. Topics include the placebo response in sociosomatic medicine; the anthropology of the human life-span; biological anthropological perspectives on health and behavior; the uses of racial classification in medicine; eugenics, the new genetics; biotechnology in the context of epidemics and inequalities; and the role of anthropology in bioethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECON & FINCING-HLTHCR DL", number:"null", id:"40089", path:"/courses/40089", description:"The course provides an application of economic models to demand, supply, and their interaction in the medical economy. Influences on demand, especially health status, insurance coverage, and income will be analyzed. Physician decisions on the pricing and form of their own services, and on the advice they offer about other services, will be considered. Competition in medical care markets, especially for hospital services, will be studied. Special emphasis will be placed on government as demander of medical care services. Changes in Medicare and regulation of managed care are among the public policy issues to be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODELING BIOL SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41008", path:"/courses/41008", description:"This course will cover topics in systems biology at the molecular/cellular scale. The emphasis will be on quantitative aspects of molecular biology, with possible subjects including probabilistic aspects of DNA replication, transcription, translation, as well as gene regulatory networks and signaling. The class will involve analyzing and simulating models of biological behavior using MATLAB.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"38884", path:"/courses/38884", description:"Continuation of MATH 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"41051", path:"/courses/41051", description:"Mechanisms of evolution at the genetic and populational levels. Empirical and theoretical approaches to natural selection, population structure, gene flow, and quantitative genetics will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"43927", path:"/courses/43927", description:"The objective of the game design practicum is to provide students with hands on experience designing and developing 3D computer games. Working in teams of three or four, students will brainstorm an original game concept, write a formal game design document then develop a fully functional prototype consisting of a playable level of the game. In addition to creation of original art and animation assets for the game, technical features to be designed and implemented include a nove l game mechanic and/or user interaction model, game physics (i.e. particle systems and rigid body dynamics), character animation, game AI (i.e. movement control, path planning, decision making, etc.), sound effects and effects and background music, 2D graphical user interface (GUI) design and optional multiplayer networking capabilities. Consistent with standard industry practices, game code and logic will be written using C++ and popular scripting languages such as Python and Lua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABOR ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"38424", path:"/courses/38424", description:"Labor supply and labor demand, income distribution, labor market contracts and work incentives, human capital, labor market discrimination, job training and unemployment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIZATIONAL BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"41729", path:"/courses/41729", description:"Management 238 is an organizational behavior course, examining individual, interpersonal, and group effectiveness at work. Topics range from decision- making, motivation, and personality to networks, influence, helping, leadership, teamwork, and organizational culture. The learning method is heavily experiential, with a focus on applying key principles to the human side of management in role-play exercises, simulations, a mini-TED talk, and group projects in local organizations. This course requires the instructor's permission. Registration is by application only; Penn InTouch requests will not be processed. The link to the application form will be available on the Management Department's website: https://mgmt.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/undergraduate, beginning March 13, 2017. The deadline for applications is March 20, 2017 at 5 PM. Students will be notified after March 30, 2017 regarding the status of their application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN ARCH, 1700-1900", number:"null", id:"39554", path:"/courses/39554", description:"The history of western architecture, ca. 1700-1900, when architecture was transformed to serve a world that had been reshaped by political and industrial revolutions. Topics to be considered include the Rococo, the English Garden, Palladianism, Romanticism, neo-classicism, the picturesque, the Greek and Gothic Revivals, and the search for a new style.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"41693", path:"/courses/41693", description:"Construction of real numbers, the topology of the real line and the foundations of single variable calculus. Notions of convergence for sequences of functions. Basic approximation theorems for continuous functions and rigorous treatment of elementary transcendental functions. The course is intended to teach students how to read and construct rigorous formal proofs. A more theoretical course than Math 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Mediterranean Archaeology", number:"null", id:"39754", path:"/courses/39754", description:"Many of the world's great ancient civilizations flourished on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea: the Egyptians, the Minoans and Mycenaeans, the Greeks and Romans, just to name a few. In this course, we will focus on the ways that archaeologists recover and interpret the material traces of the past, working alongside natural scientists, historians and art historians, epigraphers and philologists, and many others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABCS EVERYDAY NEUROSC", number:"null", id:"43792", path:"/courses/43792", description:"This course is an opportunity for undergraduates to share their interest and enthusiasm for neuroscience with students in grades 9-12 attending urban public schools in West Philadelphia. The course will allow Penn students to develop their science communication and teaching skills. Students will prepare neuroscience demonstrations, hands-on activities, and assessment tools. In parallel, the course aims to engage local high school students, increasing their interest and knowledge in science, and ultimately promoting lifelong science literacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY ECON & GLOB ECO", number:"null", id:"38587", path:"/courses/38587", description:"This is an intermediate-level course in macroeconomics and the global economy, including topics in monetary and international economics. The goal is to provide a unified framework for understanding macroeconomic events and policy, which govern the global economic environment of business. The course analyzes the determinants and behavior of employment, production, demand and profits; inflation, interest rates, asset prices, and wages; exchange rates and international flows of goods and assets; including the interaction of the real economy with monetary policy and the financial system. The analysis is applied to current events, both in the US and abroad. During the spring semester there are honors sections of FNCE 101 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"42146", path:"/courses/42146", description:"Spanish 130, a first-semester intermediate-level course, emphasizes students' acquisition of new vocabulary and linguistic structures in a cultural and communicative context while building on their previous speaking, reading, listening and writing skills. A substantial amount of the course is devoted to learning and using the past tenses. As in other Spanish courses, students will take part in a wide range of activities, including video blogging, role-plays, film viewings, listening to music and class discussions of current social and cultural topics. Unique to this course is the creation of a 'cultural journal'throughout the semester in which students pursue their own interests in the Spanish-speaking world while taking advantage of some of the rich resources within Philadelphia's own Hispanic community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"42805", path:"/courses/42805", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. The course covers current conceptual and theoretical valuation frameworks and translates those frameworks into practical approaches for valuing companies. The relevant accounting topics and the appropriate finance theory are integrated to show how to implement the valuation frameworks discussed on a step-by-step basis. The course teaches how to develop the required information for valuing companies from financial statements and other information sources in a real-world setting. Topics covered in depth include discounted cash flow techniques and price multiples. In addition, the course covers other valuation techniques such as leveraged buyout analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"36932", path:"/courses/36932", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART & CIV IN EAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"35316", path:"/courses/35316", description:"Introduction to major artistic traditions of China and Japan and to the methodological practices of art history. Attention given to key cultural concepts and ways of looking, in such topics as: concepts of the afterlife and its representation; Buddhist arts and iconography; painting styles and subjects; and more broadly at the transmission of styles and cultural practices across East Asia. Serves as an introduction to upper level lecture courses in East Asian art history cultures. If size of class permits, certain sessions will be held in the Penn Museum or the Philadelphia Museum of Art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN OF SMART SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38535", path:"/courses/38535", description:"Smart systems are materials, structures, devices and/or networks that seek to autonomously emulate human capabilities (sensing, nervous system, deliberting, acting) for adapting and continued functioning in potentially adverse conditions. Smart systems are a highly trans-disciplinary field that utilize microsystems technology with other disciplines like biology, information science, nanoscience, or cognitive science to control networks of components. Smart systems are causing a sea-change in hybrid cyber-physical-social systems leading to such breakthroughs as: the internet of Everything, smart cars, smart cities, the next industrial revolution, solutions to reduce global warming, and personalized e-healthcare, among many others. In this course students explore state-of-the-art smart system components, learn a design methodology to integrate the components,and apply the methodology to design and simulate a smart system prototype. The course will also cover life-long coping skills for human-centered design and for modeling the security, privacy and reliability hazards of the smart systems approach.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"35821", path:"/courses/35821", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ARABIC III", number:"null", id:"40945", path:"/courses/40945", description:"This is the continuation of the Elementary course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). This course is also proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. This is the continuation of ARAB031 and ARAB 032, the elementary course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). This course is also proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. As in ARAB 031-032, evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that students range from Intermediate Low to Intermediate High according to the ACTFL scale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER-AMERICAN RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"42025", path:"/courses/42025", description:"Why has the United States government participated in regime change in Latin America? How have these interventions affected Latin American political and economic outcomes? How have they helped or hurt U.S. interests in the region? This lecture course provides an introduction to the history and politics of U.S. participation in regime change in Latin America since 1949. For each event, the course will help students understand (1) the goals of the U.S. government; (2) the historical and political context of the intervention; and (3) the outcomes and consequences, both in Latin America and for the United States. 

One set of short writing assignments will train students to identify the main argument of a reading and assess the quality of the evidence presented in support of that argument; a second set of short writing assignments will train students to make and defend their own argument (see draft syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SLEEP AND SLEEP DISORDER", number:"null", id:"36437", path:"/courses/36437", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & COMPET ADVANTAGE", number:"null", id:"36113", path:"/courses/36113", description:"This course is concerned with strategy issues at the business unit level. Its focus is on the question of how firms can create and sustain a competitive advantage. A central part of the course deals with concepts that have been developed around the notions of complementarities and fit. Other topics covered in the course include the creation of competitive advantage through commitment, competitor analysis, different organizational responses to environmental changes, real options, modularity, and increasing returns. An important feature of the course is a term-length project in which groups of students work on firm analyses that require the application of the course concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 19TH-C AMERICAN LIT", number:"null", id:"42701", path:"/courses/42701", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTER RDG/WRTG CHINESEII", number:"null", id:"43879", path:"/courses/43879", description:"This is an intermediate language class presuming basic fluency in speaking and listening and focusing on reading and writing abilities. By the end of the semester students are expected to have mastered the 1200 most commonly used characters and to have the ability to read basic Chinese texts. Students will be prepared for Advanced Modern Chinese, Media Chinese and Business Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART & CIV IN EAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"43979", path:"/courses/43979", description:"Survey of the major artistic traditions of East Asia from Neolithic times through the 18th century. Will serve as an introduction to upper level lecture courses that deal with the arts and civilizations of China, Korea, and Japan. Students study and handle objects during weekly session in the Museum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"'WHERE MY GIRLS AT?':AFRICAN AMERICAN WOMEN PERFORMERS IN THE 20TH CENTURY", number:"null", id:"42286", path:"/courses/42286", description:"African American women performers from blues woman Bessie Smith to Paris revue star Josephine Baker, from jazz darling Billie Holiday to rock legend Tina Turner, and from hip hop giant Lauryn Hill to millennial star Beyonc?, have constantly redefined and expanded American popular music. Using the long 20th century as our historical marker, this course will explore how African American women performers, across genres and time, have consciously and sometimes contradictorily navigated the racial and sexual limits of American popular culture in order to assert their own particular narratives of artistic and political freedom.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"44729", path:"/courses/44729", description:"Operations strategy is about organizing people and resources to gain a competitive advantage in the delivery of products (both goods and services) to customers. This course approaches this challenge primarily from two perspectives: 1) how should a firm design their products so that they can be profitably offered; 2) how can a firm best organize and acquire resources to deliver its portfolio of products to customers. To be able to make intelligent decisions regarding these high-level choices, this course also provides a foundation of analytical methods. These methods give students a conceptual framekwork for understanding the linkage between how a firm manages its supply and how well that supply matches the firm's resulting demand. Specific course topics include designing service systems, managing inventory and product variety, capacity planning, approaches to sourcing and supplier management, constructing global supply chains, managing sustainability initiatives, and revenue management. This course emphasizes both quantitative tools and qualitative frameworks. Neither is more important than the other.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOUSING MARKETS", number:"null", id:"43435", path:"/courses/43435", description:"This course is designed for students interested in the economics and operations of housing markets. It is primarily a U.S. focused course, but does include a limited amount of international material for comparative purposes. The class is divided into four sections: (1) supply and demand for housing, including the operations of homebuilders and rental landlords; (2) house prices, including cycles and price dynamics; (3) international comparisons; and (4) public policy and analysis applied to a current housing markets-related issue. This course presumes knowledge of intermediate economics, as we will apply that knowledge throughout the semester. For Wharton students, this means you must have passed BEPP 250 (undergrads) or MGEC 611 and 612 for MBA's. Non-Wharton students should have taken the equivalent course in the College.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION MAKING LDRSHIP: Decision Making in the Leadership Chair", number:"null", id:"40853", path:"/courses/40853", description:"Contact the Management Department for additional information at: Courseinfo@wharton.upenn.edu. 

Decision making in the leadership chair is a complex task and one that is difficult to teach in a business school setting. To bridge this gap, Mr. William P. Lauder and invited executives will bring their experiences into the classroom, primarily addressing key decision they made, how they weighed their options, and what they learned from the outcomes. The framework for the class centers around two crucial aspects of decision making in the leadership chair: the need to manage many groups of stakeholders, and the need to play many roles when doing this. This course is by application only to second-year Wharton MBAs and a maximum of 48 students will be selected. A communication will be sent regarding the application details.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZATION&CORRUPTION", number:"null", id:"37420", path:"/courses/37420", description:"A study of the nature, functions, and limits of law as an agency of societal policy. Each semester an area of substantive law is studied for the purpose of examining the relationship between legal norms developed and developing in the area and societal problems and needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"43136", path:"/courses/43136", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYSIS OF ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"39731", path:"/courses/39731", description:"An investigation of paradigms for design and analysis of algorithms. The course will include dynamic programming, flows and combinatorial optimization algorithms, linear programming, randomization and a brief introduction to intractability and approximation algorithms. The course will include other advanced topics, time permitting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO NANOSCALE MATL", number:"null", id:"36160", path:"/courses/36160", description:"The purpose of this first course in the major is to introduce the student to key concepts underlying the design, properties and processing of nanoscale functional materials, and how they are employed in practical applications. Fundamental chemical and physical principles underlying the properties of electronic, dielectric and magnetic materials will be developed in the context of metals, semiconductors, insulators, crystals, glasses, polymers and ceramics. Miniaturization and the nanotechnology revolution confronts materials science with limitations and opportunities; examples in which nanoscale materials are really different from our macro world experience will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFR HIST BEFORE 1800", number:"null", id:"42934", path:"/courses/42934", description:"Survey of major themes and issues in African history before 1800. Topics include: early civilizations, African kingdoms and empires, population movements, the spread of Islam,and the slave trade. Also, emphasis on how historians use archaeology, linguistics, and oral traditions to reconstruct Africa's early history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"42491", path:"/courses/42491", description:"Physical and chemical description of macromolecular information transfer. Gene organization, replication, recombination, regulation and expression. (Formerly, CHEM 450-II).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AM DIPLO HIST SINCE 1776", number:"null", id:"40139", path:"/courses/40139", description:"Survey course tracing the origins and evolution of the great traditions of U.S. foreign policy, including Exceptionalism, Unilateralism, Manifest Destiny, Wilsonianism, etc., by which Americans have tried to define their place in the world. Three hours of lecture per week, extensive reading, no recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOLKLORE AND SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"45166", path:"/courses/45166", description:"Sexuality is usually thought of as being biological or social, divided into categories of natural and unnatural. Often misssed are its creative and communicative aspects. Examining the constructed social elements of sexuality requires attention be paid to folklore in groups, between individuals and on the larger platform of popular technological media. The most interesting locations for exploration are those places where borderlands or margins, occur between genders, orientations and other cultural categories. A field-based paper will be required that must include documentary research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NO BENCH BY THE ROAD:  MONUMENTS, MEMORY AND THE AFTERLIFE OF SLAVERY", number:"null", id:"44087", path:"/courses/44087", description:"This course explores an aspect of race and ethnicity intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO FILM,FORM,CONTEXT", number:"null", id:"36977", path:"/courses/36977", description:"This course traces the development of the classical Hollywood cinema, as well as significant alternatives to this dominant mode of representation, by relating analyses of the formal elements of film texts to discussions of film industries and audiences as well as the larger social, historical context. A variety of analytical methods and perspectives are applied to films drawn from times and countries in order to consider the cinema as a cultural construction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP STR/IND STR", number:"null", id:"40317", path:"/courses/40317", description:"This is a course in analyzing competitive interactions. The course emphasizes a vision of strategy in which each competitor simultaneously chooses its strategy, taking into account the strategies of its opponents. Crucial to this vision is the anticipation of the moves of your opponent and, in particular, the expectation that your opponent is (almost) as smart as you are. Equal attention will be given to the development of techniques for analyzing competitive interactions and to the application of those techniques. Game theory and the economics of industrial organization provide the basis for the theoretical constructs developed in the course. Topics that will be explored include: market failures and profitability, competitive bidding, signaling, entry deterrence, agenda setting, regulations, and price wars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV HINDI LANG & LIT", number:"null", id:"44303", path:"/courses/44303", description:"Advanced Hindi aims at systematically developing higher level linguistic functions and cultural nuances. Students learn to describe, narrate and support opinions in informal and formal styles. The objective of the course is to promote a meaningful interaction with written literature and with native speakers in a socially acceptable manner in a variety of simple and complicated situations. A variety of authentic materials are used, such as short stories, plays, newspapers, magazines, videos, television and radio broadcasts, and interviews. Every semester the course materials and foci vary depending on the needs and interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Ethics and International Relations", number:"null", id:"44825", path:"/courses/44825", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP ABNORMAL: PSYCHOPATHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36431", path:"/courses/36431", description:"PSYC 362-301 is a two-semester course starting in the Fall. Class size limited to 8 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS INSR & EST PLNG", number:"null", id:"36802", path:"/courses/36802", description:"This course presents an analysis of overall private wealth management. This includes planning for disposition of closely-held business interests; the impact of income taxes and other transfer costs on business interests and other assets; integration of life insurance, disability insurance, medical benefits, and long-term care insurance in the financial plan; planning for concentrated asset (e.g., common stock) positions, diversification techniques, and asset allocation strategies; distribution of retirement assets; lifetime giving and estate planning; and analysis of current developments in the creation, conservation, and distribution of estates. Attention also is given to various executive compensation techniques (including restricted stock and stock options) and planning for various employee benefits. The course also covers sophisticated charitable giving techniques and methods for financing education expenses. Readings consist of textbook, case studies, and bulk pack articles. 

This course should be attractive to most students to help them plan for their own or their families' financial affairs. It also should be particularly attractive to students specializing in entrepreneurship, wealth management finance, and law.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Song of Songs: Ancient, Medieval and Modern Interpretations", number:"null", id:"37852", path:"/courses/37852", description:"This seminar introduces students to the development of Jewish and Christian biblical interpretation by focusing on ancient, medieval, and modern interpretations of the Song of Songs. Students will encounter a variety of important Jewish and Christian interpreters in English translation, guided by appropriate secondary materials. The Song of Songs is part of Jewish Scripture. It appears to be a collection of poetry on the theme of human love. Studying the developing interpretations of the Song of Songs gives one an unusual opportunity to examine the history of significant ideas in Western culture. The course will touch on issues of gender and religious language, on allegory and interpretation, on mystical and feminist readings of scripture, and on the interplay of the ascetic and the erotic in religion. 

This course has no prerequisites. The readings will be made available in English. The class will utilize a combination of lecture, discussion, student presentations, reports, close reading, and a research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROTESQUE FORMS: MAKING COMICS", number:"null", id:"38465", path:"/courses/38465", description:"An introduction to letterpress printing and bookmaking and writing for the artist book, focusing on the history of the artist book, competence in letterpress technique, print composition and design skills, and alternative book binding. Course readings will focus on the work of Joanna Drucker and Jerome Rothenberg, and the examination of multi-media works. Field trips to local artist book collections will supplement course reading, projects, and the final project. The entire class will be taught, and practiced, through the lens of 'the grotesque' in art and literature. As a final project, each student will make their own limited-edition artist book that considers the course theme of 'the grotesque' through writing, image, printing and binding.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Topography and Monuments of Ancient Rome", number:"null", id:"35533", path:"/courses/35533", description:"An intensive exploration of Rome's urban topography during the Republican and Imperial periods (6th c. B.C. through 4th c. A.D.) Using archaeological and textual sources, including the Etruscan and Roman collections of the Penn Museum, the goal will be to reconstruct the built environment and decoration of Rome over the course of a millennium. Of interest to students of classics, archaeology, art history, and architecture. Some familiarity with Rome will be a plus, but is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS PHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"39178", path:"/courses/39178", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 151, at a somewhat higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; special relativity; Maxwell's equations, electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 171 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMECHATRONICS", number:"null", id:"39589", path:"/courses/39589", description:"Mechatronics is the combination of mechanical, electrical and computer engineering principles in the design of electromechanical systems. Biomechatronics is the application of these principles to human biology and includes orthopaedic, hearing, respiratory, vision and cardiovascular applications. In this hands-on, project-based course, these biomechatronic systems will be explored. Students will learn the basic mechanical and electrical elements needed to complete a biomechatronic design challenge including basic circuits, design considerations, material fabrication, microcontrollers and mechanisms (e.g. converting rotational motion into linear motion). Students will carry out a final design project utilizing these building blocks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EDUC: SCHOOLING AND DEMOCRACY", number:"null", id:"40810", path:"/courses/40810", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Education, the study of learning processes, organizations, and institutions that shape human education. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS I", number:"null", id:"36878", path:"/courses/36878", description:"Principles of statistical mechanics with applications to systems of chemical interest.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLING", number:"null", id:"43055", path:"/courses/43055", description:"Human language viewed from a social and historical perspective. Students will acquire the tools of linguistic analysis through interactive computer programs, covering phonetics, phonology and morphology, in English and other languages. These techniques will then be used to trace social differences in the use of language, and changing patterns of social stratification. The course will focus on linguistic changes in progress in American society, in both mainstream and minority communities, and the social problems associated with them. Students will engage in field projects to search for the social correlates of linguistic behavior, and use quantitative methods to analyze the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL INFERENCE", number:"null", id:"42171", path:"/courses/42171", description:"Graphical displays; one- and two-sample confidence intervals; one- and two-sample hypothesis tests; one- and two-way ANOVA; simple and multiple linear least-squares regression; nonlinear regression; variable selection; logistic regression; categorical data analysis; goodness-of-fit tests. A methodology course. This course does not have business applications but has significant overlap with STAT 101 and 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOREMEDIATION", number:"null", id:"39913", path:"/courses/39913", description:"This course is an introduction to current and developing techniques for analyzing environmental contamination and for remediation of damaged environments. Knowledge of these options is important for students interested in public/law applications and environmental lanscape design and as a starting point for those pursuing a more science-oriented understanding. The first portion of this course will address bioindicators, the use of living systems to assess environmental contamination. These include systems ranging from biochemical assays to monitoring of whole organisms or ecosystems, as well as techniques ranging from laboratory to field and satellite surveys. The second portion of the course will introduce technologies for bioremediation- the use of living systems to restore contaminated environments. The technologies scale from single-species systems to complex ecosystems such as constructed wetlands; case studies will be examined. Students will be expected to participate in field trips, as well as prepare a final paper examining a particular technology in detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERARY GENRES: TRAGEDY", number:"null", id:"44053", path:"/courses/44053", description:"An introduction to literary study through a genre, either the short story or poetry. Versions of this course will vary widely in the selection of texts assigned. Some versions will begin with traditional stories or poems, including a sampling of works in translation. Others will focus exclusively on modern and contemporary American short fiction or poetry. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Sophocles: Antigone and Oedipus Rex", number:"null", id:"42879", path:"/courses/42879", description:"This course is for those who have completed Greek 204, Greek 212, or equivalent. Close reading and discussion of a Greek author or a particular genre of Greek literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS INTL BUS DEVELOPM: Spain", number:"null", id:"43612", path:"/courses/43612", description:"This short-term international business course gives undergraduate students an amazing global opportunity featuring business-site visits,lectures at partner schools, cultural excursions, and networking opportunities with undergraduate students and business contacts from the destination countries. In addition to learning abou another country's business environment and culture, students earn 0.5 course units that can be used towards business-breadth or elective credits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED FIN ACCT", number:"null", id:"36668", path:"/courses/36668", description:"The intended audience for this course is students with prior knowledge of financial accounting who understand: (1) the recording of economic transactions in the accounting records; (2) the basic financial statements that summarize a firm's economic transactions (the balance sheet, the income statement and the statement of cash flows) and (3) the fundamental concepts needed to prepare or understand published financial statements (e.g. use of accrual accounting). Exploiting prior knowledge, the course aims in six weeks to help students become effective users of financial statements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"42486", path:"/courses/42486", description:"Fundamental course in organic chemistry based upon the modern concepts of structure and mechanism of reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"41938", path:"/courses/41938", description:"Negotiation is the art and science of creating good agreements. In this course we will work on both, studying economics and psychology for the science, and practicing actual negotiations for the art. Throughout we think of negotiation in general terms, relevant not only to salary negotiations and home buying, but performance evaluations, speeches, group collaborations and interpersonal relationships. We practice these kinds of negotiations in 2-, 3-, 4-, and 6-person exercises. Potential reasons to skip this particular negotiation course: 1) We have a strong attendance policy, 2) We have strong no-computers/phones policies, 3) the course is very discussion oriented, 4) We survey your work colleagues about your influence tactics, and 5) you have a short assignment due almost every class. Beginning with the second week of class, if you miss one class you lose a letter grade. If you miss two classes you fail. We have this policy because it is an experiential class, and because your attendance directly affects classmates you are paired with. For some weeks you can attend another section if necessary. Cross-listed with MGMT691 and LGST806.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULTERY NOVEL", number:"null", id:"38358", path:"/courses/38358", description:"The object of this course is to analyze narratives of adultery from Shakespeare to the present and to develop a vocabulary for thinking critically about the literary conventions and social values that inform them. Many of the themes (of desire, transgression, suspicion, discovery) at the heart of these stories also lie at the core of many modern narratives. Is there anything special, we will ask, about the case of adultery--once called 'a crime which contains within itself all others'? What might these stories teach us about the way we read in general? By supplementing classic literary accounts by Shakespeare, Pushkin, Flaubert, Chekhov, and Proust with films and with critical analyses, we will analyze the possibilities and limitations of the different genres and forms under discussion, including novels, films, short stories, and theatre. What can these forms show us (or not show us)about desire, gender, family and social obligation? Through supplementary readings and class discussions, we will apply a range of critical approaches to place these narratives of adultery in a social and literary context, including formal analyses of narrative and style, feminist criticism, Marxist and sociological analyses of the family, and psychoanalytic understandings of desire and family life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"35997", path:"/courses/35997", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIMARY CARE: DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"40454", path:"/courses/40454", description:"This course focuses on development of critical thinking skills to address health care problems of adults across the lifespan, with an emphasis on middle-aged and older adults, develop differential problem solving skills and determine appropriate management interventions. The management of common acute and chronic health conditions will include evidence based primary preventions, drug and treatment therapeutics, and referral to other health care providers. Students have the opportunity to build on previously acquired skills and to apply concepts of primary care to manage the health problems of adults across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY INDONESIAN II", number:"null", id:"42309", path:"/courses/42309", description:"Elementary Indonesian II course is the second course in the first-year series. It is designed to strengthen and expand students Indonesian language competencies in listening, speaking, reading, writing and to deepen their understanding of Indonesian culture. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in more detail conversations about familiar things and topics pertinent to them. Students will know everyday expressions and will be able to describe their cities, to tell story about their friends, family, about celebration and family tradition. Furthermore, students will be able to talk about events that happened in the past and in the future, will be able to make comparisons, to express their preference, describe people, things, or an important experience in increasing detail. Furthermore, students will be able to make plan for a party or a trip, write and retell a story or fairy tale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39239", path:"/courses/39239", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ARTH: SAMPLE, REMIX, MASH-UP", number:"null", id:"39444", path:"/courses/39444", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Art History, the study of the history and development of the visual arts. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOETHICS & NAT'L SEC: Bioethics and National Security", number:"null", id:"42974", path:"/courses/42974", description:"At least since Augustine proposed a theory of 'just war,' armed conflict has been recognized as raising ethicalissues. These issues have intensified along with the power and sophistication of weapons of war, and especially with increasing engineering capabilities and basic knowledge of the physical world. The life sciences have had their place in these developments as well, perhaps most vividly with the revelations of horrific experiments conducted by the Naziand Imperial Japanese militaries, but with much greater intensity due to developments in fields like genetics, neuroscience and information science, andthe widely recognized convergence of physics, chemistry, biology and engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING WITH PICTURES: CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS", number:"null", id:"35738", path:"/courses/35738", description:"A children's picture book is a unique book form in that it is written with pictures. Words, if used at all, serve to illustrate what the picture cannot say. In this course students will learn the complexities of designing what looks to be, a simple picture book for children. Visualizing the story begins with both writing and drawing prompts, image collecting, and exposure to a range of children's literature. Students will learn to sequence a main character and an environment into a storyboard through stages of changes towards a resolution. By the end of the semester students will have a good understanding of how a picture book works, with a personal 'dummy' book well on its way. This course will include two guest artists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR THE SOCIAL SCI.", number:"null", id:"39792", path:"/courses/39792", description:"Statistical techniques and quantitative reasoning are essential tools for properly examining questions in the social sciences. This course introduces students to the concepts of probability, estimation, confidence intervals, and statistical inference. The course has an applied focus and will show students how to use the statistical concepts and methods to answer social science questions. The course will require the use of R, a free, open source statistical analysis program. CRIM150 has been approved for the quantitative data analysis requirement (QDA).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41208", path:"/courses/41208", description:"This introductory course examines the multi-disciplinary science of law-making, law-breaking, and law-enforcing. It reviews theories and data predicting where, when, by whom and against whom crimes happen. It also addresses the prevention of different offense types by different kinds of offenders against different kinds of people. Police, courts, prisons, and other institutions are critically examined as both preventing and causing crime. This course meets the general distribution requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHOPIN", number:"null", id:"41794", path:"/courses/41794", description:"This course will center on the biography, works, and cultural context of a specific composer or group of composers. As well as introducing students to the musical works of the composer(s), the course will examine issues such as reception history, the canon, mechanisms of cult formation, authorship and attribution, identity, historical and social contexts, and nationalism and patriotism. Fulfills College Cross Cultural Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LIQUID CRYSTALS", number:"null", id:"44788", path:"/courses/44788", description:"Overview of liquid crystalline phases, their elasticity, topology, and dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAG&OPT THEORY I", number:"null", id:"39943", path:"/courses/39943", description:"This course reviews electrostatics, magnetostatics, electric and magnetic materials, induction, Maxwell's equations, potentials and boundary-value problems. Topics selected from the areas of wave propagation, wave guidance, antennas, and diffraction will be explored with the goal of equipping students to read current research literature in electromagnetics, microwaves, and optics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER AND SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"38777", path:"/courses/38777", description:"With a special focus on methods, this course explores the rich literature on gender and technical knowledge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 1", number:"null", id:"42144", path:"/courses/42144", description:"Spanish 115 is a first-semester elementary Medical Spanish Language course and the first in the Spanish for Medical Professions sequence. It is designed for students with no prior coursework in Spanish. This course teaches beginning students the fundamentals of practical Spanish with an emphasis on medical situations and basic medical terminology. In this course, particular attention will be given to developing speaking and listening skills, as well as cultural awareness. It incorporates activities, vocabulary, and readings of particular interest to healthcare practitioners, while adhering to the goals and scope of Spanish 110, the first-semester Spanish language course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"43844", path:"/courses/43844", description:"The laboratory methods covered include molecular cloning techniques, cell transformation, DNA gel electrophoresis, ImageJ, PCR, DNA sequencing, SDS?PAGE, mammalian cell culture and enzyme assays. Culture techniques for bacteria, yeast and mammalian cells are taught and practiced. The students write several individual lab reports and keep a weekly lab notebook during the semester. A group presentation and report on a proposal for a new lab experiment is the final assignment for the lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO KOREAN CIV", number:"null", id:"38729", path:"/courses/38729", description:"This gateway course surveys the history of Korea from early times to the present. We will study the establishment of various sociopolitical orders and their characteristics alongside major cultural developments. Covered topics include: state formation and dissolution; the role of ideology and how it changes; religious beliefs and values; agriculture, commerce, and industry; changing family relations; responses to Western imperialism; and Korea's increasing presence in the modern world as well as its future prospects. Students will also be introduced to various interpretive approaches in the historiography. No prior knowledge of Korea or Korean language is presumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ARTH: ART & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"43618", path:"/courses/43618", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Art History, the study of the history and development of the visual arts. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC SCIENCE I", number:"null", id:"43242", path:"/courses/43242", description:"This course discusses the interface of law and science. Forensic science is theapplication of scientific principles in the legal arena. This course examines the contribution of forensic science to criminal and civil investigation. Crime sceanalysis is accomplished via disciplines within forensic science. The role of tmedical examiner, the structure and function of crime laboratories, death investigation and the role of health care personnel in forensic cases is discused.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO AMER POLITICS", number:"null", id:"36383", path:"/courses/36383", description:"This course is intended to introduce students to the national institutions and political processes of American government. What are the historical and philosophical foundations of the American Republic? How does American public policy get made, who makes it, and who benefits? Is a constitutional fabric woven in 1787 good enough for today? How, if at all, should American government be changed, and why? What is politics and why bother to study it? If these sorts of questions interest you, then this course will be a congenial home. It is designed to explore such questions while teaching students the basics of American politics and government.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STEM CELLS, SCI, & SOC: Stemcells, Science, and Society", number:"null", id:"41586", path:"/courses/41586", description:"Stem cells have dominated the biomedical news over the past decade, impacting on society with regard to medicine, ethics, religion, law, politics, economics, and education. Stem cells serve as the premier example for a number of critical and controversial issues at the interface of scientific research, medicine, and society. This course is intended for upper class Penn undergraduates who are not majoring in the sciences. We will explain the basics behind stem cells, the quest for medical therapies, and the impact on, and role of, diverse societal issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECHNIQUES", number:"null", id:"39747", path:"/courses/39747", description:"Introduction to fundamental concepts of programming and computer science for students who have little or no experience in these areas. Principles of modern object-oriented programming languages: abstraction, types, polymorphism, encapsulation, and inheritance. Basic algorithmic techniques and informal complexity analysis. Graphical user interfaces. Substantial programming assignments in Python and Java. This course is for students who do not have an academic background in computer science and who are not pursuing the Master's in Computer Information Technology and who are not graduate students in the CIS Department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL IMMERSION PROGRAM: East Asia", number:"null", id:"44514", path:"/courses/44514", description:"The Global Immersion Program is a pass/fail, 0.5 credit course that is designed to provide students with an in-depth exposure to international business practices and first-hand insights into a foreign culture. In past years, programs were offered in India, the Middle East, China, South America, Southeast, Asia, and Africa. The program offers studentsthe opportunity to learn about a foreign business environment by way of academic lectures and a multi-week study tour, allowing students to visit with corporate and government officials, network with alumni, and take cultural excursions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Business of Public Finance Investment Banking", number:"null", id:"35838", path:"/courses/35838", description:"This course examines the field of public finance in theory and in practice. The purpose of the course is to provide a detailed understanding of the many facets of and applications of finance in the public sector with a focus on public finance investment banking. The course will provide students with a broad-based and technical overview of public finance and municipal bonds as well as a thorough understanding of the business of public finance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUFISM AND RESISTANCE: Lit in Translation-Sufism and Resistance", number:"null", id:"45037", path:"/courses/45037", description:"Topics vary by semester in advanced level Urdu.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY AND POLICY", number:"null", id:"38306", path:"/courses/38306", description:"Have you ever wondered why sharing music and video generates such political and legal controversies? Is information on your PC safe and should law enforcement be able to access information you enter on the Web? Will new devices allow tracking of your every move and every purchase? CIS 125 is focused on developing an understanding of existing and emerging technologies, along with the political, societal and economic impacts of those technologies. The technologies are spread across a number of engineering areas and each of them raise issues that are of current concern or are likely to be a future issue.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF MODERN PHILOS", number:"null", id:"44745", path:"/courses/44745", description:"This course is an introduction to a few central themes in philosophy in the 17th and 18th centuries, and to some of the crucial thinkers who addressed those themes. Topics to be covered may include, among others, the nature of the human being (including the human mind), the relationship between God and the created world, the nature of freedom, and the relations among natural sciences, philosophy and theology in this rich period of human history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS RENAISSANCE DRAMA: ACTING SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"42202", path:"/courses/42202", description:"This is a hands-on studio course designed to empower actors (and directors, designers and dramaturgs) to use the structure of Shakespeare s language and the conventions of Shakespeare s stage to build performance, using the skills and method of the contemporary actor. After the class works collectively on sonnets and speeches, all of the speech- and scene-work will be drawn from a single Shakespeare play (to be determined), with two reciprocal goals: to use the script to build the performance, and to use what we discover through performance to build an interpretation of the script. NOTE: the normal prerequisite for this course is THAR 120 or THAR 121 or their equivalents; but exceptions will be made by permission of he instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"39080", path:"/courses/39080", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS MEANING?: MIND AND LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"40529", path:"/courses/40529", description:"This course will survey several central topics in philosophy of mind and language, as well as investigate how these areas of philosophy interact with the scientific study of the mind. Among the questions we'll be asking are: What is it to have a mind? What is consciousness? What is it to think, to perceive, to act, to communicate, to feel emotions? What is the relationship between the mind and the brain? Can there be a science of the mind? Of language? What can it tell us? What can philosophy contribute to cognitive science?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF AMERICAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"42963", path:"/courses/42963", description:"This course will examine the growth and development of American schools, from the birth of the republic into the present. By 1850, the United States sent a greater fraction of its children to school than any other nation on earth. Why? What did young people learn there? And, most of all, how did these institutions both reflect and shape our evolving conceptions of 'America' itself?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"42323", path:"/courses/42323", description:"The course looks at varieties of human expression -- such as art, film, language and song -- as communicative practices that connect persons together to form a common culture. Discussion is centered around particular case studies and ethnographic examples. Examination of communicative practices in terms of the types of expressive signs they employ, their capacity to formulate and transmit cultural beliefs and ideals (such as conceptions of politics, nature, and self), and to define the size and characteristics of groups and communities sharing such ideals. Discussion of the role of media, social institutions, and technologies of communication (print, electronic). Emphasis on contemporary communicative practices and the forms of culture that emerge in the modern world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHS AND STORIES: WRITING FROM PHOTOGRAPHS", number:"null", id:"42692", path:"/courses/42692", description:"A new creative writing course built entirely around the use of photographs, and the crafting of compelling nonfiction narratives from them. The essential concept will be to employ photographs as storytelling vehicles. So we will be using curling, drugstore printed Kodak shots from our own family albums. We will be using searing and famous images from history books. We will be taking things from yesterday's newspaper. We will even be using pictures that were just made by the workshop participants outside the campus gates with a disposable camera from CVS or with their own sophisticated digital Nikon. In all of this, there will be one overriding aim to achieve memorable, full-bodied stories. To locate the strange, evocative, storytelling universes that are sealed inside the four rectangular walls of photograph. They are always there, if you know how to look. It's about the quality of your noticing, the intensity of your seeing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"41776", path:"/courses/41776", description:"The course is an introduction to the most important concepts in materials science and engineering with a goal of building the foundations for all other courses related to materials and how to think about materials in other areas of engineering and the physical sciences. It covers atomic bonding, crystal structure and symmetry, glasses, defects, diffusion, elasticity, plasticity, fracture, phase diagrams, phase transformations, and an introduction into thermal, electrical, magnetic and optical properties and materials processing. Material classes will include metals, ceramics, polymers, semiconductors, and composites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR SYSTEMS THEORY", number:"null", id:"39940", path:"/courses/39940", description:"This graduate-level course focuses on continuous and discrete n-dimensional linear systems with m inputs and p outputs in a time domain based on linear operators. The course covers general discussions of linear systems such as, linearization of non-linear systems, existence and uniqueness of state-equation solutions, transition matrices and their properties, methods for computing functions of matrices and transition matrices and state-variable changes. It also includes z-transform and Laplace transform methods for time-invariant systems and Floquet decomposition methods for periodic systems. The course then moves to stability analysis, including: uniform stability, uniform exponential stability, asymptotic stability, uniform asymptotic stability, Lyapunov transformations, Lyapunov stability criteria, eigenvalues conditions and input-output stability analysis. Applications involving the topics of controllability, observability, realizability, minimal realization, controller and observer forms, linear feedback, and state feedback stabilization are included, as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY RESEARCH & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"42029", path:"/courses/42029", description:"Survey research is a small but rich acadmic field and discipline, drawing on theory and practice from many diverse fields including political science and communication.This course canvasses the science and practice of survey methods,sampling theory, instrument development and operationalization, and the analysis and reporting of survey data. Major areas of focus include measurement and research on survey errors, application to election polling, new frontiers in data collection, overall development of data management and introductory statistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENTS & DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"40992", path:"/courses/40992", description:"This course is designed to help you become a better decision maker. By the end semester, you should have the skills to approach decisions from new perspectivewith new tools and a new awareness of errors and biases. You will learn about normative decisions (how people should make their choices if they want to use principles of rationality), descriptive decisions (how people actually make their choices) and prescriptive decisions (how people can make better choices given what we know about human behavior). We will discuss what people do betterthan computers and what computers do better than people which have implicationsimplications for how to create hybrid systems. Understanding normative ways to think about decisions, in addition to descriptive theories and results can leadto better judgments in fields such as intelligence analysis, medicine, law, business, and public policy.One of my current research interests is human reasoning and how to make conversations smarter, faster. We'll be using techniques from that research program in homework assignments and classes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"38609", path:"/courses/38609", description:"FNCE 719 is a course on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVOCATIVE PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"42205", path:"/courses/42205", description:"Theatre began as a form that excluded women entirely. The plays of ancient Greece and Elizabethan England were written and performed only by men, beginning a long tradition of theatre that represented women only from male perspectives. Has that tradition been so dominant for so long that women's voices on stage are still a novelty? This course focuses on a wide range of plays and performances by and about women; the work we read (and view) will evidence artistic attempts to represent women's lives, experiences and perspectives on the stage. Among the issues encountered and examined in these works are the roles of love, sexuality, friendship, career, community, marriage, motherhood, family, and feminism in women's lives - as well as the economic and political position(s) of women in society. The course will also offer contextual background on feminist theatre history, theory, and literature, as well as the diverse (and divergent) creative efforts of female artists to use use live performance as a means of creating social and political change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELDWORK", number:"null", id:"45026", path:"/courses/45026", description:"Students work 15 hours per week in field placement and meet weekly with class and instructors. The class is intended to help students reflect from a variety of perspectives on the work that they are doing in their placement organizations. The class format is primarily discussion. Students are required to complete assigned readings, prepare written and oral presentations, and submit a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43903", path:"/courses/43903", description:"You know how to program, but do you know how computers really work? How do millions of transistors come together to form a complete computing system? This bottom-up course begins with transistors and simple computer hardware structures, continues with low-level programming using primitive machine instructions, and finishes with an introduction to the C programming language. This course is a broad introduction to all aspects of computer systems architecture and serves as the foundation for subsequent computer systems courses, such as Digital Systems Organization and Design (CIS 371), Computer Operating Systems (CIS 380), and Compilers and Interpreters (CIS 341).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RETAIL SUPP CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"36304", path:"/courses/36304", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIAL&ENERGY BALANCES", number:"null", id:"36848", path:"/courses/36848", description:"Analysis of processes used in the chemical and pharmaceutical industries. Mass and energy balances, properties of pure fluids, equations of state. Heat effects accompanying phase changes and chemical reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SNIP & TUCK HIST OF SURG", number:"null", id:"37353", path:"/courses/37353", description:"Before the discovery of anesthesia in the nineteenth century, surgery was often a grizzly and horrific affair, inevitably involving extreme pain. Surgeons had a reputation as dirty, blood-thirsty 'barbarians,' and patients rarely sought out their services. But all of this changed during the twentieth century. Today surgery is one of the most prestigious medical specialties, and patients-especially those who long to look younger, thinner, and trimmer-voluntarily submit to multiple procedures. This course will investigate the cultural and scientific sources of these dramatic changes, with readings ranging from graphic descriptions of 'bonesetting' and suturing during the Middle Ages to contemporary accounts of childbirth and plastic surgery in antisepctic hospitals anc clinics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EFFECTS OF CANCER AND CANCER THERAPY", number:"null", id:"39083", path:"/courses/39083", description:"Principles of cancer treatment, associated responses and symptom management are presented. Emphasis is on the development of advanced clinical decision making skills in identifying multiple alterations resulting from cancer and cancer therapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"38591", path:"/courses/38591", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. Topics discussed include discounted cash flow techniques and valuation using alternative valuation techniques such as price multiples. Emphasis is on developing the required information for valuation from financial statements and other information sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN MEDIEVAL ARCH: Jerusalem: Form and Meaning in Medieval Architecture", number:"null", id:"42376", path:"/courses/42376", description:"Spring 2017: This seminar intends to provide a framework for ways of understanding the symbolic content of historical architecture. It asks the question: If architecture is a bearer of meaning, what is its language, and how does it communicate? Focusing on the monuments of medieval Jerusalem, we will look at their long histories and visual legacies. Open to both graduate and advanced undergraduate students, the seminar is designed for those without previous experience in architectural history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"45124", path:"/courses/45124", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONETICS I", number:"null", id:"40241", path:"/courses/40241", description:"Speech: its linguistic transcription, its quantitative physical description, and its relationship to the categories and dimensions of language structure and use. The physical basis of speech: acoustics, vocal tract anatomy and physiology, hearing and speech perception, articulation and motor control. Phonetic variation and change. Prosody: stress, intonation, phrasing speech rate. Phonetic instrumentation, the design and interpretation of phonetic experiments, and the use of phonetic evidence in linguistic research, with emphasis on computer techniques. Introduction to speech signal processing. Speech technology: introduction to speech recognition, text-to-speech synthesis, speech coding. This course will emphasize the phonetics of natural speech, and its connections to issues in other areas of linguistics and cognitive science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL AUDIO BASICS", number:"null", id:"44120", path:"/courses/44120", description:"Primer on digital audio. Overview of signal processing, sampling, compression, human psychoacoustics, MP3, intellectual property, hardware and software platform components, and networking (i.e., the basic technical underpinnings of modern MP3 players and cell phones).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"35341", path:"/courses/35341", description:"Independent research projects in the laboratories of individual faculty members. A list of possible research supervisors is available in the Biochemistry office (357 Chemistry). In addition to their laboratory projects, students will attend a weekly seminar in which their own and related work will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANOMETALLICS", number:"null", id:"42496", path:"/courses/42496", description:"This course is focused on molecular species that contain metal-carbon bonds, and the role of these compounds in catalytic processes and organic synthesis. Aspects of the synthesis, structure and reactivity of important classes of organometallic compounds such as metallo alkyl, aryl, alkene, alkylidene and alkylidyne complexes are surveyed for the d and f block metals. Emphasis is placed on general patterns of reactivity and recurring themes for reaction mechanisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY AND POLICY", number:"null", id:"42529", path:"/courses/42529", description:"Have you ever wondered why sharing music and video generates such political and legal controversies? Is information on your PC safe and should law enforcement be able to access information you enter on the Web? Will new devices allow tracking of your every move and every purchase? CIS 125 is focused on developing an understanding of existing and emerging technologies, along with the political, societal and economic impacts of those technologies. The technologies are spread across a number of engineering areas and each of them raise issues that are of current concern or are likely to be a future issue.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"37405", path:"/courses/37405", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course aims to further develop students' advanced language proficiency and simultaneously deepen their knowledge and understanding of specific areas related to Korean business and economy such as an expansion of business into Asian markets and globalization strategies. Through research, discussion and presentation on various case studies and other business-related materials, students will enhance their critical thinking skills and gain an in-depth perspective on issues related to contemporary Korean business operations and practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CENTRAL AND EASTERN EUROPE: CULTURES, HISTORIES, SOCIETIES", number:"null", id:"42650", path:"/courses/42650", description:"The reappearance of the concept of Central and Eastern Europe is one of the most fascinating results of the collapse of the Soviet empire. The course will provide an introduction into the study of this region - its cultures, histories, and societies - from the foundation of the Holy Roman Empire to the enlargement of the European Union. Students are encouraged to delve deeper into particular countries, disciplines, and sub-regions, such as Central Europe, Eastern Europe, and the Balkans, through an individual research paper and class presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENRSHP", number:"null", id:"44426", path:"/courses/44426", description:"Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical and intensive course that examines the critical legal and transactional issues confronting start-up and emerging growth companies. Although the context of the course is early stage companies, many of the concepts studied are equally applicable to more mature, established companies. The course provides perspective on how to use the law strategically to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize shareholder value. Topics include the enforceability of confidentiality, non-competition and other restrictive covenants in employment agreements; choice of business form including the legal, financial and tax advantages and disadvantages of general partnerships, limited partnerships, corporations and limited liability companies; tax and securities law; legal aspects of raising capital including structuring venture capital and private equity financing; entrepreneurial acquisition structures, employment law, and intellectual property law including trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO NANOSCALE MATL", number:"null", id:"38979", path:"/courses/38979", description:"The purpose of this first course in the major is to introduce the student to key concepts underlying the design, properties and processing of nanoscale functional materials, and how they are employed in practical applications. Fundamental chemical and physical principles underlying the properties of electronic, dielectric and magnetic materials will be developed in the context of metals, semiconductors, insulators, crystals, glasses, polymers and ceramics. Miniaturization and the nanotechnology revolution confronts materials science with limitations and opportunities; examples in which nanoscale materials are really different from our macro world experience will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMAGE AND SOUND EDITING", number:"null", id:"35731", path:"/courses/35731", description:"This course presents an in-depth look at the storytelling power of image and sound in both narrative and documentary motion pictures. Students apply a theoretical framework in ongoing workshops, exploring practical approaches to picture editing and sound design. Students edit scenes with a variety of aesthetic approaches, and create story-driven soundtracks with the use of sound FX, dialogue replacement, foleys, music and mixing. Students not only learn critical skills that expand creative possibilities, but also broaden their understanding of the critical relationship between image and sound.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN: Studio Recitation", number:"null", id:"43305", path:"/courses/43305", description:"This course provides tools and methods for creating new products. The course is intended for students with a strong career interest in new product development , entrepreneurship, and/or technology development. The course follows an overall product design methodology, including the identification of customer needs, generation of product concepts, prototyping, and design-for-manufacturing. Weekly student assignments are focused on the design of a new product and culminate in the creation of a prototype, which is launched at an end-of-semester public Design Fair. The course project is a physical good - but most of the tools and methods apply to services and software products. The course is open to any Penn sophomore, junior, senior or graduate student.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING ADMINISTRATION PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"45237", path:"/courses/45237", description:"This administrative practicum will be individually tailored to meet each student's career goals. Students will be placed with an expert role model who in most instances will be a practicing nurse executive. The setting may vary according to the student's interests and objectives. Examples include acute care, home care, long term care, occupational health, community based clinics, consulting groups and political/legislative experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"41681", path:"/courses/41681", description:"Topics will include: Vector spaces, Basis and dimension, quotients; Linear maps and matrices; Determinants, Dual spaces and maps; Invariant subspaces, Cononical forms; Scalar products: Euclidean, unitary and symplectic spaces; Orthogonal and Unitary operators; Tensor products and polylinear maps; Symmetric and skew-symmetric tensors and exterior algebra.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED DATA SCIENCE: Data Science and American Elections", number:"null", id:"44814", path:"/courses/44814", description:"Jobs in data science are quickly proliferating throughout nearly every industry in the American economy. The purpose of this class is to build the statistics, programming, and qualitative skills that are required to excel in data science. The substantive focus of the class will largely be on topics related to politics and elections, although the technical skills can be applied to any subject matter.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PREVENTION OF TOBACCO ADDICTION IN PRE-ADOLESCENT CHILDREN OF PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"44117", path:"/courses/44117", description:"Cigarette smoking is a major public health problem. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Control reports that more than 80% of current adult tobacco users started smoking before age 18. The National Youth Tobacco Survey indicated that 12.8% of middle school students and 34.8% of high school students in their study used some form of tobacco products.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAMILY FOCUSED PRIMARY CARE OF THE MIDDLE-AGED AND OLDER ADULT", number:"null", id:"39087", path:"/courses/39087", description:"This course focuses on primary care problems encountered by middle-aged and older adults and their families. Students have the opportunity to build on previously acquired skills and to apply concepts of primary care to manage the complex health problems of middle-aged and older adults.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED INTERMD GRMN", number:"null", id:"35866", path:"/courses/35866", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers. This accelerated course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competencies, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules. Students conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR DEVELOP PSYCH: EDUCATIONAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44864", path:"/courses/44864", description:"PSYC 480-301 (Brannon): The field of educational neuroscience is an emerging field with the goal of joining knowledge gained from the disciplines of neuroscience, cognitive science, developmental psychology,and education. This interdisciplinary course will focus on how scientific exploration of the mind and brain can inform educational practices. PSYC 480-302 (Connolly): This advanced discussion-based seminar will focus on approaches to success in domains of modern life such as social living and academia. The first portion of this seminar will be a psychology book club where we read various books written by psychology researchers. This will contribute to an ongoing discussion about scientific communication, and the presentation of psychological research to various audiences. From there, students will focus on a specific area of interest, and write a literature review based on contemporary empirical research critiquing their given topic. Students must understand the workload for this seminar requires intensive reading culminating in a large written assignment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"41279", path:"/courses/41279", description:"This course is an introduction to the history of cinema from the 1890s to the present. In demonstrating how history energizes and complicates the movies, we will examine numerous film cultures and historical periods, including Hollywood silent cinema, Italian neo-realism, the French New Wave, recent films from Iran, and a variety of other film movements from different historical epochs and cultures. Screenings will feature movies such as Sergei Eisenstein's THE BATTLESHIP POTEMKIN (1925), Jean Renoir's THE GRAND ILLUSION (1937), Nicholas Ray's REBEL WITHOUT A CAUSE (1955), Jean-Luc Godard's CONTEMPT (1963), Spike Lee's DO THE RIGHT THING (1989), Sally Potter's ORLANDO (1992), and Pedro Almodovar's TALK TO HER (2003). Our aim is to establish a broad historical and global foundation for the understanding of film as a complex exchange between art, technology, politics, and economics. Screenings will be mandatory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDAMENTALS OF NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"39030", path:"/courses/39030", description:"Essentials of normal nutrition and their relationships to the health of individuals and families. These concepts serve as a basis for the development of an understanding of the therapeutic application of dietary principles and the nurse's role and responsibility in this facet of patient care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMIC GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"43208", path:"/courses/43208", description:"How should an auction for scarce goods be structured if the sellers wish to maximize their revenue? How badly will traffic be snarled if drivers each selfishly try to minimize their commute time, compared to if a benevolent dictator directed traffic? How can couples be paired so that no two couples wish to swap partners in hindsight? How can you be as successful as the best horse-racing expert at betting on horse races, without knowing anything about horse racing? In this course, we will take an algorithmic perspective on problems in game theory, to solve problems such as the ones listed above. Game theory has applications in a wide variety of settings in which multiple participants with different incentives are placed in the same environment, must interact, and each 'player''s actions affect the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS", number:"null", id:"44243", path:"/courses/44243", description:"Successful leaders must be able to convey their integrity and their ideas, their vision and their values clearly and convincingly in public settings. By analyzing great political speeches and affording students the opportunity to prepare and deliver different types of speeches, this course teaches the fundamentals of persuasive public speaking while encouraging students to develop their own voice. This is a performance course. Students will gain skill and confidence in their speech writing and public speaking skills through practice, peer feedback, and extensive professional coaching. Class lectures and discussions will focus on persuasive stragegies and techniques for handling community meetings, Q and A sessions, and interactions with the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIBRATION MECH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"44484", path:"/courses/44484", description:"This course teaches the fundamental concepts underlying the dynamics of vibrations for single-degree of freedom, multi-degree and infinite-degree of freedom mechanical systems. The course will focus on Newton's Force Methods, Virtual-Work Methods, and Lagrange's Variation Methods for analyzing problems in vibrations. Students will learn how to analyze transient, steady state and forced motion of single and multi-degree of freedom linear and non-linear systems. The course teaches analytical solution techniques for linear systems and practical numerical and simulation methods for analysis and design of nonlinear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ISLAM", number:"null", id:"36456", path:"/courses/36456", description:"This course is an introduction to Islam as a religion as it exists in societies of the past as well as the present. It explores the many ways in which Muslims have interpreted and put into practice the prophetic message of Muhammad through historical and social analyses of varying theological, philosophical, legal, political, mystical and literary writings, as well as through visual art and music. The aim of the course is to develop a framework for explaining the sources and symbols through which specific experiences and understandings have been signified as Islamic, both by Muslims and by other peoples with whom they have come into contact, with particular emphasis given to issues of gender, religious violence and changes in beliefs and behaviors which have special relevance for contemporary society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESGN CONNECT OJB & EXP", number:"null", id:"44364", path:"/courses/44364", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce students to a more conceptual, creative, and meaningful approach to creating interactive functional objects utilizing analog, digital, and electronic skillsets acquired through the core engineering curriculum. This course will cover basics of design as an art form, wearables design, electronic sensors, and creating connected devices. Students will be challenged to create 3 pieces of work both individually and in teams culminating in a gallery show of the students' work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CHEMICAL ENG", number:"null", id:"42460", path:"/courses/42460", description:"Students will learn to read and understand a process flow sheet. There is a focus on drawing a process flow sheet, and formulating and solving the material balances for the chemical processes involving chemical reactions (some with recycle streams, some with purge streams, and some with bypass streams). Additionally, students will understand the limits of the ideal gas law, and have a working knowledge of the cubic equations of state and the concept of a compressibility factor. The class will study the basic concepts of gas-liquid phase equilibrium and apply Raoult's Law to solve phase equilibrium problems. A final objective is to design flow sheets and solve material balances for simple chemical processes using ASPEN (chemical engineering simulation program).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY THEORY", number:"null", id:"39859", path:"/courses/39859", description:"This course introduces students to major issues in the history of literary theory, and provides an excellent foundation for the English major or minor. Treating the work of Plato and Aristotle as well as contemporary criticism, we will consider the fundamental issues that arise from representation, making meaning, appropriation and adaptation, categorization and genre, historicity and genealogy, and historicity and temporality. We will consider major movements in the history of theory including the 'New' Criticism of the 1920's and 30's, structuralism and post-structuralism, Marxism and psychoanalysis, feminism, cultural studies, critical race theory, and queer theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF SPANISH LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"36546", path:"/courses/36546", description:"A survey treatment of the development of Latin to modern Spanish, with emphasis on relations between external history and the development of grammatical structure and vocabulary, and major sound shifts. Lectures and discussions of reading.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMS & COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"42561", path:"/courses/42561", description:"This course focuses primarily on the design and analysis of algorithms. We will begin with sorting and searching algorithms and then spend most of the course on graph algorithms. In order to study graph algorithms, general algorithm design patterns like dynamic programming and greedy algorithms will be introduced. A section of this course is also devoted to understanding NP-Completeness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF GLOBALIZATION", number:"null", id:"35917", path:"/courses/35917", description:"Globalization seems the essence of modernity, but it is not a new phenomena. The world has already witnessed several eras of globalization, each of which transformed and changed the world in often similar but sometime unique fashions. This course will look at continuing trends towards globalization and consider its rich history and the contentious arguments that it has always provoked. Although the focus of the course will be on globalization during the 19th and 20th centuries, we will also consider earlier episodes of globalization, to fully appreciate its evolution and importance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROCESS SYS DESIGN PROJ", number:"null", id:"42465", path:"/courses/42465", description:"Design of chemical, biochemical, and materials products and processes based on recent advances in chemical and bioengineering technology. Design group weekly meetings with faculty advisor and industrial consultants. Comprehensive design report and formal oral presentation. Heat exchanger design and profitability analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38328", path:"/courses/38328", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of distributed systems, and the design principles for building large scale computational systems. Topics covered include communication, concurrency, programming paradigms, naming, managing shared state, caching, synchronization, reaching agreement, fault tolerance, security, middleware, and distributed applications. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GALAXIES:STRUCTURE&FORMA", number:"null", id:"40986", path:"/courses/40986", description:"Galactic structure and dynamics. Observed scaling relations. Models and observations of galaxy formation and evolution. Enrollment restricted to graduate students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY HUNGARIAN I", number:"null", id:"37040", path:"/courses/37040", description:"An introduction to the fundamentals of the Hungarian language, acquisition of conversational, readings and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED HEALTH CARE ACCOUNTING AND BUSINESS PLANNING", number:"null", id:"43259", path:"/courses/43259", description:"This course focuses on the management of financial resources in the healthcare industry particularly in inpatient and ambulatory care settings. Specific emphasis is on applied accounting, budgeting, capital planning, nursing staffing/scheduling and variance analysis. Additionally, students will apply concepts in developing a business/program plan including completion of an environmental scan, cost-benefit analysis and marketing plan. Students will engage in strategic planning, stakeholder analysis and benchmarking efforts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GOVERNMENT RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"40047", path:"/courses/40047", description:"In a system of representative government, organizations and individuals with interests at stake often seek the support of a governement relations professional. This course addresses government relations from the varying perspectives of the current or aspiring professional, the client, and the government official. It is designed to provide the students with an introduction to government affairs and lobbying at the local, state, and federal levels of governement and to illustrate how lobbying and the lobbyists shape and affect public policy. The course is not designed as a how-to in lobbying, but, rather, it is designed to expose students to lobbying and, more importantly, the lobbying process. To that end, students will draw on many disciplines, such as psychology, law, history, political science, urban affairs, economics, foreign policy, domestic policy, and others, to understand the complex mosaic of the lobbying and legislative processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCREENWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"36903", path:"/courses/36903", description:"This is a workshop-style course for those who have thought they had a terrific idea for a movie but didn't know where to begin. The class will focus on learning the basic tenets of classical dramatic structure and how this (ideally) will serve as the backbone for the screenplay of the aforementioned terrific idea. Each student should, by the end of the semester, have at least thirty pages of a screenplay completed. Classic and not-so-classic screenplays will be required reading for every class, and students will also become acquainted with how the business of selling and producing one's screenplay actually happens. Students will be admitted on the basis of an application by email briefly describing their interest in the course to the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED UKRAINIAN II", number:"null", id:"39309", path:"/courses/39309", description:"Continuation of SLAV 592", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"39358", path:"/courses/39358", description:"Continuation of STAT 101. A thorough treatment of multiple regression, model selection, analysis of variance, linear logistic regression; introduction to time series. Business applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CINEMA PRODUCTION", number:"null", id:"42762", path:"/courses/42762", description:"This course focuses on the practices and theory of producing narrative based cinema. Members of the course will become the film crew and produce a short digital film. Workshops on producing, directing, lighting, camera, sound and editing will build skills necessary for the hands-on production shoots. Visiting lecturers will critically discuss the individual roles of production in the context of the history of film.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TODDLERS, TIARAS, AND TABOOS:  GIRLHOOD IN TWENTIETH-CENTURY AMERICAN LIT.", number:"null", id:"37075", path:"/courses/37075", description:"This course offers junior English majors the opportunity to design and undertake a semester-long research and writing project in an advanced seminar setting. Discussions will address debates within the field/period/topic of the course, research methods, and advanced writing and critical thinking issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING STUDIO", number:"null", id:"37161", path:"/courses/37161", description:"Painting Studio presents an ongoing exploration of the techniques, problems and poetics of painting, the nuances of the painting language, and the development of a personal direction. A wide variety of problems will address such issues as color, composition, and the development of imagery, process, and content. Students are expected to improve in technical handling of paints and move towards developing personal modes of seeing, interpreting, and thinking for themselves. This course introduces different topics, strategies and individual challenges each semester, so it may be repeated with advanced course numbers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"43371", path:"/courses/43371", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and one novel; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF PRIVATE LIFE IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"40132", path:"/courses/40132", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COVERING POLITICAL ELECT: POLITICAL COMMENTARY WRITING", number:"null", id:"38474", path:"/courses/38474", description:"In this new course, students with a passion for both writing and politics will have the unique opportunity to track the news as it unfolds week by week, to critique it in class, and, most importantly, to write about it in a variety of formats, ranging from 'straight' news to informed opinion. Students can expect spirited class debate about the elusive nature of 'objectivity,' the often thin line between truth and rumor, the challenges of fact-checking a candidate's 'spin,' the challenges of writing responsibility in an era when even facts seem to be polarized, the challenges of analyzing primary results and writing about it effectively, the growing pressure on journalists to reveal their political beliefs, and much more. Some of the writing will happen in class; students will view excerpts from debates and Sunday shows, and file their reports 'on deadline.' Some of the class sessions will focus on the hottest news of the moment. And students will also have a chance, in class, to critique some of the nation's best political writers--reporters, feature writers, columnists, and bloggers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL DEVICES", number:"null", id:"37289", path:"/courses/37289", description:"Successful medical devices are an amalgamation of creative and innovative thinking, clinical expertise, and engineering know-how that endures intense regulatory and reimbursement scrutiny. This course will provide a foundation for understanding the nuances of the medical device industry. It will cover topics ranging from device design and discovery, regulatory issues, marketing, reimbursement, management, and strategy. Classroom activities will be supplemented with optional tours of hospitals, research and manufacturing facilities, and hands-on demonstrations of devices. Though the course is intended primarily for MBA students, it will be open to medical and engineering students as well as to hospital house staff.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING ARABIC I", number:"null", id:"36748", path:"/courses/36748", description:"This is a beginner course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). It will introduce you to the speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills in the standard means of communication in the Arab world. The course is proficiency-based, implying that all activities are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. Evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, dictations, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that by the end of this course (ARAB 041) students will range in proficiency from Novice High to Intermedaite Low on the ACTFL scale; in other words (using the terminology of the government's Foreign Service Institute), from 'incipient survival' to 'full' survival' in the native-speaking environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MANAGEMENT OF PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"43261", path:"/courses/43261", description:"Assessment and treatment of the young child in ambulatory care settings is the focus of this developmentally organized course. This course provides the nurse practitioner student with the necessary knowledge and experience to assist individuals with the most common health problems, including acute episodic illness as well as stable chronic disease. The concepts of health promotion and health maintenance are integrated throughout the curriculum. Using a developmental framework, the maturational tasks and problems of children and their families in relation to illness and health are explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"43045", path:"/courses/43045", description:"This course examines the art and science of negotiation. This course develops managerial skills by combining lectures with practice, using exercises where students negotiate with each other. Over the course of the semester, students will engage in a number of simulated negotiations ranging from simple one issue transactions to multi-party joint ventures. Through these exercises and associated readings, students explore the basic theoretical models of bargaining and have an opportunity to test and improve their negotiation skills. Cross-listed with LGST 806/OPIM 691.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTOMATA,COMPUT.& COMPLX", number:"null", id:"38315", path:"/courses/38315", description:"This course explores questions fundamental to computer science such as which problems cannot be solved by computers, can we formalize computing as a mathematical concept without relying upon the specifics of programming languages and computing platforms, and which problems can be solved efficiently. The topics include finite automata and regular languages, context-free grammars and pushdown automata, Turing machines and undecidability, tractability and NP-completeness. The course emphasizes rigorous mathematical reasoning as well as connections to practical computing problems such as test processing, parsing, XML query languages, and program verification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"37829", path:"/courses/37829", description:"What infants and young children come to know about the world, and how they learn it. Topics will include changes in children's thinking, perceptual development, language acquisition, and current theories of cognitive development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO I", number:"null", id:"38541", path:"/courses/38541", description:"In this studio based course, students are introduced to video production and postproduction as well as to selected historical and theoretical texts addressing the medium of video. Students will be taught basic camera operation, sound recording and lighting, as well as basic video and sound editing and exporting using various screening and installation formats. In addition to a range of short assignment-based exercises, students will be expected to complete three short projects over the course of the semester. Critiques of these projects are crucial to the course as students are expected to speak at length about the formal, technical, critical and historical dimensions of their works. Weekly readings in philosophy, critical theory, artist statements and literature are assinged. The coruse will also include weekly screenings of films and videos, introducing students to the history of video art as well as to other contemporary practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - SEMINAR IN PRIVATE EQUITY", number:"null", id:"38626", path:"/courses/38626", description:"This course will be a survey of the private equity asset class. Its objective is to provide an understanding of the concepts, agents, and institutions involved in the late stage corporate private equity market in the U.S. and around the globe. It will examine the buyout market and the activities of buyout funds from the differing perspectives of private equity investors, private equity fund sponsors, and managers of the portfolio companies. The course will be taught almost entirely with cases. Distinguished Wharton alumni in the private equity industry will be our guest speakers for many of the cases based on transactions they concluded. While this course is primarily intended for graduate students, admission may be granted to a limited number of interested undergraduate students. PLEASE NOTE: this course may be recorded for live or subsequent distribution, display, broadcast, or commercialization in any media, including video, audio, or electronic media. For additional information, see the course syllabus or contact the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO FILM THEORY", number:"null", id:"38295", path:"/courses/38295", description:"This course offers students an introduction to the major texts in film theory across the 20th and 21st centuries. The course gives students an opportunity to read these central texts closely, to understand the range of historical contexts in which film theories are developed, to explore the relationship between film theory and the major film movements, to grapple with the points of contention that have emerged among theorists, and finally to consider: what is the status of film theory today? This course is required for all Cinema Studies majors, but is open to all students, and no prior knowledge of film theory is assumed. Requirements: Close reading of all assigned texts; attendance and participation in section discussions; 1 midterm exam; 1 take-home final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACH DESIGN & MANUFACT", number:"null", id:"38900", path:"/courses/38900", description:"Building upon the fundamentals of mechanical design taught in MEAM 101, this hands-on, project-based course provides students with the knowledge and skills necessary to design, analyze, manufacture. and test fully-functional mechanical systems. Topics covered include an introduction to machine elements, analysis of the mechanics of machining, manufacturing technology, precision fabrication (milling, turning, and computer-controlled machining), metrology, tolerances, cutting-tool fundamentals and engineering materials. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EUROPE & WRLD SINCE 1914", number:"null", id:"38759", path:"/courses/38759", description:"This course looks at Europe's interactions with other world regions throughout the twentieth century. Over the course of roughly a hundred years, Europeans have shaped the fates of peoples living beyond the western world, for instance through the impact of two world wars, European colonialism, and the global Cold War. At the same time, European societies 'at home' were not left unaffected by these interactions. Even today, Europeans are facing the legacies of some of these histories in immigration and the politics of religion and secularism for example. The past century also saw a dramatic shift in Europe's position in the world - from dominance to a loss of influence in the shadow of the United States and more recently, China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREATIVITY", number:"null", id:"44554", path:"/courses/44554", description:"The ability to solve problems creatively and generate change is a recognized standard of success and plays an important role in gaining a competitive advantage in many areas of business management. This course is designed to teach students several creative problem solving methodologies that complement other managerial tools acquired in undergraduate and graduate studies. The course offers students the opportunity to learn how to solve problems, identify opportunities, and generate those elusive ideas that potentially generate enormous benefits to organizations. The objectives of this course are to enhance the students' (a) creativity, (b) ability to innovate and (c) ability to identify, recruit, develop, manage, retain, and collaborate with creative people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEASUREMENT OF PHYSIOLOGIC VARIABLES RELATED TO HEALTH OUTCOME DISPARITY", number:"null", id:"36293", path:"/courses/36293", description:"This graduate course is an advanced exploration of biometric methods (branch of science that includes the measurement of physiological variables and parameters) and their use in quantitative research. A particular focus will be on biological measures that can be used as outcome variables to evaluate interventions to promote health and health equity, and reduce health outcome disparities in vulnerable or marginalized populations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO AFRICANA STUDIES", number:"null", id:"36672", path:"/courses/36672", description:"The aim of this course is to provide an interdisciplinary examination of the complex array of African American and other African Diaspora social practices and experiences. This class will focus on both classic texts and modern works that provide an introduction to the dynamics of African American and African Diaspora thought and practice. Topics include: What is Africana Studies?; The History Before 1492; Creating the African Diaspora After 1500; The Challenge of Freedom; Race, Gender and Class in the 20th Century; From Black Studies to Africana Studies: The Future of Africana Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 1", number:"null", id:"37924", path:"/courses/37924", description:"Spanish 115 is a first-semester elementary medical Spanish language course and the first in the Spanish for the Medical Professions sequence. It is designed for students with no prior coursework in Spanish. This course teaches beginning students the fundamentals of practical Spanish with an emphasis on medical situations and basic medical terminology. In this course, particular attention will be given to developing speaking and listening skills, as well as cultural awareness. It incorporates activities, vocabulary, and readings of particular interest to healthcare practitioners, while adhering to the goals and scope of Spanish 110, the first-semester Spanish language course. 

Students who have previously studied Spanish but have not taken the SAT II exam must take the online placement examination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG & TECH I", number:"null", id:"39706", path:"/courses/39706", description:"A fast-paced introduction to the fundamental concepts of programming and software design. This course assumes some previous programming experience, at the level of a high school computer science class or CIS110. (If you got at least 4 in the AP Computer Science A or AB exam, you will do great.) No specific programming language background is assumed: basic experience with any language (for instance Java, C, C++, VB, Python, Perl, or Scheme) is fine. If you have never programmed before, you should take CIS 110 first.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"40325", path:"/courses/40325", description:"MGMT801 is the foundation course in the Entrepreneurial Management program. Thepurpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth. While most of the examples in class will be drawn from new venture formation, the principles also apply to entrepreneurship in corporate settings and to non-profit entrepreneurship. We will be concerned with content and process questions as well as with formulation and implementation issues that relate to conceptualizing, developing and managing successful new ventures. The emphasis in this course is on applying and synthesizing concepts and techniques from functional areas of strategic management, finance, accounting, managerial economics, marketing, operations management, and organizational behavior in the context of new venture development. The class serves as both a stand alone class and as a preparatory course to those interested in writing and implementing a business plan (the subject of the semester-long course, MGMT 806). Course is offered in Fall/Q1, Q2 and Spring/Q3, Q4", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING FILIPINO I&II", number:"null", id:"35261", path:"/courses/35261", description:"An introduction to the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This will prepare and develop students' basic skills in speaking, listening, reading and writing Filipino at its beginning level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED EARTH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41487", path:"/courses/41487", description:"An examination of Earth's physical system--from core to atmosphere--from a broad, interlocking, high-level perspective, emphasizing fundamental patterns and processes, and de-emphasizing classification and terminology. The course will also touch on some of the interactions between physical and biological systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"44232", path:"/courses/44232", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve communicative skills through extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It aims to enhance student understanding of contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression by promoting both cross-cultural understanding and critical thinking and developing students' communicative abilities (in the presentational, interpretive, and interpersonal modes). The specific language functions we will focus on are: narration; description; offering and soliciting advice and opinions; expressing feelings; critique and analysis; argumentation. It is organized around the themes of current events, identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). The oral work include video blogs and group presentations on selected topics and current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects. On completing this course, students will feel more confident and be able to speak and write effectively on a range of contemporary issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLONIAL OBJECTS, COMMODITIES, BODIES: ARCH OF LATIN AMERICA SINCE 1492", number:"null", id:"43698", path:"/courses/43698", description:"In 1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue, unleashing five centuries of conquest and colonialism that continues to influence contemporary Latin America. This course examines the archaeology of the colonial encounter between Spanish/Portuguese and indigenous peoples of the Americas. Students will learn how to incorporate material evidence with archival approaches to colonial history, using archaeology to understand the roles of social groups often overlooked by colonial archives (e.g. indigenous peoples, women, Afro-Latin Americans). In short, this course will be a material history of colonialism from below, focusing on the conflicts and negotiations over material culture, economic systems, religion, and biology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Russian for Heritage Speakers I", number:"null", id:"37871", path:"/courses/37871", description:"This course is intended for students who have spoken Russian at home and seek to achieve proficiency in the language. Topics will include an intensive introduction to the Russian writing system and grammar, focusing on exciting materials and examples drawn from classic and contemporary Russian culture and social life. Students who complete this course in combination with RUSS361 satisfy the Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"36877", path:"/courses/36877", description:"A detailed treatment of the theory and application of modern physical methods for the elucidation of structure and mechanism in inorganic and organometallic chemistry. An introduction to symmetry and group theory is followed by the application of these concepts to vibrational and electronic spectroscopy of inorganic complexes. Magnetic resonance is discussed in detail, including topics such as EPR, fourier transform methods, dynamic systems, and 2-dimensional NMR.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MEDICAL CHINESE", number:"null", id:"38289", path:"/courses/38289", description:"Advanced Medical Chinese is a content-based course with curriculum adapted from the online course of New York University School of Medicine (NYUsom). It offers Mandarin training to medical/nursing students and other health professionals who may need to visit China or to serve limited English proficient Chinese-speaking patients. For physician/nurse-patients communication purposes, it is designed for students who have studied Chinese for three years or more in a regular college program or with the equivalent language proficiency and have studied medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV RDGS MOD KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"38816", path:"/courses/38816", description:"This course is designed for advanced level students. Based on literary pieces in the form of short stories, essays, and novels, students are to gain an in-depth, multi-faceted and critical understanding of Korean people, society, and culture. These objectives are achieved primarily through 1) close reading and discussion of original literary texts by 20th -century Korean writers; and 2) regular writing exercises. Some Korean films that are related to the topics of the reading text will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"45310", path:"/courses/45310", description:"Spanish 140 is a fourth-semester language course that both reinforces and enhances the communicative skills (listening, speaking, reading and writing) previously acquired while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Class activities are designed so that students can build up these four skills in order to function at an intermediate language level. Readings focused on contemporary social and political issues of the Hispanic world will advance your knowledge of Hispanic and cultural practices while increasing your intercultural competence. Unique to this course is the preparation of an oral presentation on a topic related to the Hispanic world throughout the semester and presented during the last days of classes. The purpose of this task is to help students develop their presentational competence in Spanish. Conducted entirely in Spanish, this class will provide students with ample opportunties to work in small groups and in pairs while gaining confidence communicating in Spanish. This course satisfies the language requirement at Penn. Goals: By the end of this course, students can expect to handle a variety of situations in a Spanish-speaking setting, such as:", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED REG & ANALY VAR", number:"null", id:"40733", path:"/courses/40733", description:"An applied graduate level course in multiple regression and analysis of variance for students who have completed an undergraduate course in basic statistical methods. Emphasis is on practical methods of data analysis and their interpretation. Covers model building, general linear hypothesis, residual analysis, leverage and influence, one-way anova, two-way anova, factorial anova. Primarily for doctoral students in the managerial, behavioral, social and health sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"43010", path:"/courses/43010", description:"PREREQUISITES Completion of JPAN 211 or the equivalent.A continuation of Japanese language at the intermediate level.Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (Unit 6-Unit 10) Kanji: reproduction-approx.400/recognitio-approx.550", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gurus, Prophets, and Aliens: Understanding New Religious Movements", number:"null", id:"42072", path:"/courses/42072", description:"This course offers a thematic introduction to the history of New Religious Movements (NRM) from the mid-19th century to the present day. Often labled as 'cults' by the state and established religious institutions, new religions offer modern believers alternative spiritual and ideological solutions to age- old problems. In this class, students will be introduced to the teachings and practices of prominent NRMs in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, from wide-spread movements such as Scientology, Mormonism, and the Unification Church to lesser known groups such as the Church of the Almighty God, Neo- Paganism, and Raelism. We will explore the emergence of the anti-cult campaign in the second half of the 20th century, the relationship between apocalyptic sects such as the Peoples Temple and the Branch Davidians and political and social protest, and the role of Asian religions such as the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's Transcendental Meditation in the development of New Age religiosity. In addition, we will learn how new religious movements such as Wicca and the Children of God helped reshape gender roles and changed mainstream views about sexuality, and how developments in mass media and popular culture contributed to the creation of new groups such as the Star Wars inspired Temple of the Jedi Order (Jediism), the Church of the Latter-Day", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37623", path:"/courses/37623", description:"This course will include the major topics of cell biology and microbiology that are foundational for an understanding of normal and pathological cellular processes. Topics will include the study of prokaryotic and eukaryotic cell structures and functions, the main biological molecules, membrane transport, cellular communications, the flow of genetic information, cell division, and cellular metabolism. The context for this course will be the application of cell biology to understanding the cellular basis of human diseases and the role of genetics and genomics in health and disease processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ORG CHEM: Organic Chemistry II: Principles of Organic Chemistry with applications in", number:"null", id:"35443", path:"/courses/35443", description:"This course is functionally equivalent to Chem 242 as the second term of introductory Organic Chemistry, placing the content in the context of biology and medicine. Topics include: 1) alkyl compounds, ethers, epoxides and sulfidesin lipids; 2) carboxylic acids and amines in amino acids; 3) aromatic compounds and heterocycles in nucleic acids; and 4) ketones and aidehydes in carbohydrates. The synthesis and mechanism of action of pharmaceuticals that feature these functional groups will also be discussed. Additionally, Chem 243 makes use of 3D structure tutorials, recitation sections and visits from biomedical scientists who make use of chemistry in their work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics: Experiments for Business Decision Making", number:"null", id:"36153", path:"/courses/36153", description:"In the past decade, massive shifts in how companies interact with their customers have suddenly made field experiments an economically feasible way to learn about a variety of business questions such as what types of promotions are most effective, what products should be stocked at a store, how e-mail promotions should be designed, how sales staff should be compensated, etc. Many marketers engaged in online retailing, direct-marketing, online advertising, media management, etc. are rapidly embracing a 'test and learn' philosophy and a number of platforms such as Google Website Optimizer, have been developed to facilitate rigorous field experiments in the online environment. Just as with the quality revolution in manufacturing during the 1980s and 1990s, the rapid rise of the 'test and learn' philosophy in marketing has created a huge demand for those who can design, field, and analyze marketing experiments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"44188", path:"/courses/44188", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions, especially the activities of global, systemically important banks. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry and highlight the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and reputational risk. Most classes will begin with discussion of a current event related to course topics. Three team projects will be assigned that will give you deeper exposure to analytic techniques related to the course. Throughout the semester, we will discuss public policy issues facing the international financial system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECHNOLOGY & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43549", path:"/courses/43549", description:"Technology plays an increasing role in our understandings of ourselves, our communities, and our societies, in how we think about politics and war, science and religion, work and play. Humans have made and used technologies, though, for thousands if not millions of years. In this course, we will use this history as a resource to understand how technolgoeis affect social relations, and coversely how the culture of a society shapes the technologies it produces. Do different technolgoeis produce or result from different economic systems like feudalism, capitalism and communism? Can specific technologies promote democratic or authoritarian politics? Do they suggest or enforce different patterns of race, class or gender relations? Among the technologies we'll consider will be large objects like cathedrals, bridges, and airplanes; small ones like guns, clocks and birth control pills; and networks like the electrical grid, the highway system and the internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE III", number:"null", id:"40228", path:"/courses/40228", description:"Expanded instruction of American Sign Language (ASL). Receptive and expressive activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; narrative skills, cultural bahviors; and aspects of Deaf culture. Abstract and conversational approach.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41519", path:"/courses/41519", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE INFORMATION AGE", number:"null", id:"43553", path:"/courses/43553", description:"Certain new technologies are greeted with claims that, for good or ill, they must transform our society. The two most recent: the computer and the Internet. But the series of social, economic and technological developments that underlie what is often called the Information Revolution include much more than just the computer. In this course, we explore the history of information technology and its role in contemporary society. We will explore both the technologies themselves--calculating machines, punched card tabulators, telegraph and telephone networks, differential analyzers, digital computers, and many others--and their larger social, economic and political contexts. To understand the roots of these ideas we look at the prehistory of the computer, at the idea of the post-industrial or information society, at parallels with earlier technologies and at broad historical currents in the United States and the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MXD SIGNAL DESGN & MODEL", number:"null", id:"41372", path:"/courses/41372", description:"This course will introduce design and analysis of mixed-signal integrated circuits. Topics include: Sampling and quantization, Sampling circuits, Switched capacitor circuits and filters, Comparators, Offset compensation, DACs/ADCs (flash, delta-sigma, pipeline, SAR), Oversampling, INL/DNL, FOM. The course will end with a final design project using analysis and design techniques learned in the course. Students must provide a written report with explanations to their design choices either with equations or simulation analysis/insight along with performance results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN E. ASIAN ART: Contemporary Art in East Asia & The World (Venice)", number:"null", id:"36768", path:"/courses/36768", description:"Topic varies. 

Fall 2016: Yayoi Kusama is arguably the most influential artist to emerge from Japan in the period following World War II. Arriving in New York City in 1958, she exhibited with Andy Warhol, Donald Judd, Claes Oldenburg, among others, during their formative years. Beginning in 1960, she also exhibited with Zero group in Europe. This seminar will comparatively examine postwar developments in Japan, The U.S., and Europe, until about 1969, and investigate how Kusama's race, gender, and the particular time period have distinctively shaped her work. By focusing on a transnational Japanese woman artist, it will explore new ways of looking at postwar art history through the periphery and with a focus on globalization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIT PERSPECT IN JOURNAL", number:"null", id:"38367", path:"/courses/38367", description:"This course aims to provide students with a critical understanding of journalism. It combines theoretical perspectives on the making of news with primary source material produced by and about journalists. Students will analyze theoretical material on journalism -- about how news is made, shaped, and performed -- alongside articles and broadcasts appearing in the media, interviews with journalists in the trade press, and professional reviews. Topics include models of journalistic practice, journalistic values and norms, gatekeeping and sourcing practices, storytelling formats in news, and ethical problems related to misrepresentation, plagiarism, and celebrity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTAGIOUS", number:"null", id:"37561", path:"/courses/37561", description:"Why do some products catch on and achieve huge popularity while others fail? Why do some behaviors spread like wildfire while others languish? How do certain ideas seem to stick in memory while others disappear the minute you hear them? More broadly, what factors lead to trends, social contagion, and social epidemics? 

Interactive media, word of mouth, and viral marketing are important issues for companies, brands, and organizations. This course looks at these and other topics as it examines how products, ideas, and behaviors catch on and become popular. Marketers want their product to be popular, organizations want their social change initiative to catch on and entrepreneurs want their ideas to stick. This course will touch on four main aspects: (1) Characteristics of products, ideas, and behaviors that lead them to be successful. (2) Aspects of individual psychology that influence what things are successful. (3) Interpersonal processes, or how interactions between individuals drive success. (4) Social networks, or how patterns of social ties influence success.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLATO'S SYMPOSIUM", number:"null", id:"37257", path:"/courses/37257", description:"This course is for those who have completed Ancient Greek 102, Greek 112 or equivalent. You are now ready to begin reading real Greek! We will read a selection of passages from Greek prose authors, focusing on language and style.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE III", number:"null", id:"44431", path:"/courses/44431", description:"American Sign Language (ASL) at the Intermediate I level. Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner, including, but not limited to, narrative production. Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED MUSIC", number:"null", id:"38994", path:"/courses/38994", description:"Instruction in vocal and instrumental performance for music majors and minors only. Students must demonstrate in an audition that they have already attained an intermediate level of musical performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"39115", path:"/courses/39115", description:"This course introduces basic concepts of operations management and application of the same in business practice today. We will examine the theoretical foundations of operations management and how these principles or models can be employed in both tactical and strategic decision making. Topics covered in detail are forecasting techniques, planning under deterministic and uncertain demand, operations planning and scheduling, queuing theory, service operations management, newsvendor models, risk pooling strategies in firms, capacity and revenue management, and supply chain coordination. We will conclude by discussing how supply chains evolve under technological change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"36531", path:"/courses/36531", description:"The continuation of Spanish 110, Spanish 120 is a second-semester elementary language course. See the description of Spanish 110.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: GREEK LITERATURE: APOLLONIUS ARGONAUTICA", number:"null", id:"44257", path:"/courses/44257", description:"This course is for those who have completed Greek 204, Greek 212, or equivalent. Close reading and discussion of a Greek author or a particular genre of Greek literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"36259", path:"/courses/36259", description:"This course focuses on the development of knowledge and skills related to the use of psychopharmacologic agents to treat mental illness by the advanced practice nurse. Using a case study method to encourage the application of knowledge to clinical practice, the course addresses culturally diverse client populations, across the life span, who present with a range of symptom manifestations, at all levels of severity. The course emphasizes evidence-based practice, research-based clinical decision making and a wholistic approach to integrating the science and biology of the mind with social and behavioral interventions. The case base method allows students to focus on specific populations such as older adults, adults, adolescents, and children.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPIGENOMICS", number:"null", id:"35353", path:"/courses/35353", description:"This course will teach upper level undergraduates and graduate students how to answer biological questions by harnessing the wealth of genomic and epigenomic data sets generated by high-throughput technologies such as microarrays and deep sequencing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42867", path:"/courses/42867", description:"An introduction to processes and forces that form the surface and the interior of the Earth. Topics include, changes in climate, the history of life, as well as earth resources and their uses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINEAR ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"40259", path:"/courses/40259", description:"Linear transformations, Gauss Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, theory and applications. Mathematics majors are advised that MATH 312 cannot be taken to satisfy the major requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ASIAN AMER HIST", number:"null", id:"35919", path:"/courses/35919", description:"This course will provide an introduction to the history of Asian Pacific Americans, focusing on the wide diversity of migrant experiences, as well as the continuing legacies of Orientalism on American-born APA's. Issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality will also be examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DAOIST TRADITIONS", number:"null", id:"38398", path:"/courses/38398", description:"This course examines the history of various intellectual and religious traditions that came to be known as Daoist (or Taoist in the Wade-Giles romanization). We will begin with a critical review of the twentieth-century reinvention of Daoism and the new classification of religious versus philosophical Daoism, before tracing chronologically the textual, institutional, and social history of Daoist traditions from the fourth century B.C.E. While familiarizing students with the key concepts, practices, and organizations developed in the history of Daoism, this class emphasizes the specific socio-political context of each of them. Throughout the course, we will think critically about the labeling of Daoist (as well as Confucian and Buddhist ) in Chinese history and in modern scholarship. We will also question modern demarcations between philosophy, religion, and science, as well as that between the spiritual and the physical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO COGNITIVE SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39708", path:"/courses/39708", description:"How do minds work? This course surveys a wide range of answers to this question from disciplines ranging from philosophy to neuroscience. The course devotes special attention to the use of simple computational and mathematical models. Topics include perception, learning, memory, decision making, emotion and consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"44189", path:"/courses/44189", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYNTAX II", number:"null", id:"43064", path:"/courses/43064", description:"The second half of a year-long introduction to the formal study of natural language syntax. Topics to be covered include grammatical architecture; derivational versus representational statement of syntactic principles; movement and locality; the interface of syntax and semantics; argument structure; and other topics. The emphasis is on reading primary literature and discussing theoretical approaches, along with detailed case-studies of specific syntactic phenomena in different languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN MODERNIST POETRY", number:"null", id:"44093", path:"/courses/44093", description:"Sometimes limiting itself to the works of one or two authors, sometimes focusing on a particular theme such as 'American Poetry and Democratic Culture,' this course devotes itself to the study of twentieth-century American poetry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Le Francais dans le Monde/French in the World", number:"null", id:"35830", path:"/courses/35830", description:"Le Francais dans le monde/French in the World provides a survey of the sociolinguistics of the French language in the contemporary world in order to elucidate how societal changes influence the manner and the contexts in which the French language is spoken. Case studies focus on various parts of the Francophone world, including Africa, Southeast Asia, and the Americas. The course considers questions such as the following: What effect does contact with other languages have on the way French is spoken? Which variety (or varieties) of French represents 'good' or standard language use? How do political forces and movements affect the evolution of French? What is the present and future role of the French language in the face of globalization? How are language attitudes similar and different among French-speaking and English-speaking regions of the world? In what ways does the language we speak and the way we speak it shape our identities? Readings and class discussions are in French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43917", path:"/courses/43917", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of distributed systems, and the design principles for building large scale computational systems. Topics covered include communication, concurrency, programming paradigms, naming, managing shared state, caching, synchronization, reaching agreement, fault tolerance, security, middleware, and distributed applications. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"41096", path:"/courses/41096", description:"The principles of quantum theory and applications to atomic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"36028", path:"/courses/36028", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS IN FIN REPORTIN", number:"null", id:"35236", path:"/courses/35236", description:"This intensive one-semester course focuses on how to extract and interpret information in financial statements. The course adopts a user perspective of accounting by illustrating several specific accounting issues in a decision context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONVERSATION & WRITING", number:"null", id:"35901", path:"/courses/35901", description:"After four semesters of language study, it's time to enter the vibrant world of contemporary Israeli culture. In this course students read some of the best plays, poems, short stories, and journalism published in Israel today. They also watch and analyze some of Israel's most popular films, TV programs, and videos. Themes include Jewish-Arab relations, the founding of the State, family ties and intergenerational conflict, war and society, and the recent dynamic changes in Israel society. HEBR 054 or permission of instructor. Since the content of this course may change from year to year, students may take it more than once (but only once for credit).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Readings in Hindi Literature", number:"null", id:"41537", path:"/courses/41537", description:"Advanced Hindi aims at systematically developing higher level linguistic functions and cultural nuances. Students learn to describe, narrate and support opinions in informal and formal styles. The objective of the course is to promote a meaningful interaction with written literature and with native speakers in a socially acceptable manner in a variety of simple and complicated situations. A variety of authentic materials are used, such as short stories, plays, newspapers, magazines, videos, television and radio broadcasts, and interviews. Every semester the course materials and foci vary depending on the needs and interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"41103", path:"/courses/41103", description:"The course is designed for students who can speak Chinese but cannot read and write in Chinese characters. The major purpose of this course is to help students develop the ability to use written Mandarin Chinese in linguistically and socially appropriate ways. The literacy goal is to master 350 to 1000 Chinese characters for the beginning phase (CHIN 031); to reach an intermediate-low level of ACTFL literacy proficiency. The key teaching approach is to holistically read a prodigious amount of materials. Students' reading abilities will be developed through reading short stories under instructions, and eventually through reading long stories and news independently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONG ELECT & AMER DEMOC", number:"null", id:"36406", path:"/courses/36406", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA IN THE 2016 ELECT", number:"null", id:"42584", path:"/courses/42584", description:"New media always have been the keys to American politics. Every era-changing president was the first to master a new medium: from Lincoln (telegraph) and FDR (radio), to JFK (broadcast television) to Obama (Facebook) and now Trump (Twitter). We will study traditional forms for context, but focus on the cutting-edge digital/social news gathering and distribution, examining the journalistic benefits and risks of several newer forms. These include broad-based agnostic platforms, ideologically-tailored websites, social video apps, podcasts and comedy-as-news. The course also will feature guests from across all sectors. Our core mission is to assess whether the latest revolution in media encourages or impedes the survival of self-government in America, where the Founders had hoped that a free press would inform the citizenry -- and not merely incite anger, division and fear.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"44501", path:"/courses/44501", description:"This course encourages students to analyze the problems of managing the total enterprise in the domestic and international setting. The focus is on the competitive strategy of the firm, examining issues central to its long- and short-term competitive position. Students act in the roles of key decision-makers or their advisors and solve problems related to the development or maintenance of the competitive advantage of the firm in a given market. The first module of the course develops an understanding of key strategic frameworks using theoretical readings and case-based discussions. Students will learn concepts and tools for analyzing the competitive environment, strategic position and firm-specific capabilities in order to understand the sources of a firm's competitive advantage. In addition, students will address corporate strategy issues such as the economic logic and administrative challenges associated with diversification choices about horizontal and vertical integration. The second module will be conducted as a multi-session, computer-based simulation in which students will have the opportunity to apply the concepts and tools from module 1 to make strategic decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF GENDER", number:"null", id:"43494", path:"/courses/43494", description:"Gender is an organizing principle of society, shaping social structures, cultural understandings, processes of interaction, and identities in ways that have profound consequences. It affects every aspect of people's lives, from their intimate relationships to their participation in work, family, government, and other social institutions and their place in the stratification system. Yet gender is such a taken for granted basis for differences among people that it can be hard to see the underlying social structures and cultural forces that reinforce or weaken the social boundaries that define gender. Differences in behavior, power, and experience are often seen as the result of biological imperatives or of individual choice. A sociological view of gender, in contrast, emphasizes how gender is socially constructed and how structural constraints limit choice. This course examines how differences based on gender are created and sustained, with particular attention to how other important bases of personal identity and social inequality--race and class-interact with patterns of gender relations. We will also seek to understand how social change happens and how gender inequality might be reduced.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC BRAND MGMT", number:"null", id:"36152", path:"/courses/36152", description:"Which brands make you happy? Apple? Starbucks? The Daily Show? Google? What draws you into these brands? How do companies create compelling brand experiences? How could you cultivate a brand that makes consumers happy? well-loved brand? This course explores such questions with the goal of identifying the ingredients for building an inspired brand, where brand is defined as 'a reputation' - departing from traditional perspectives of brand. The course is created for students interested in building their own brands and/or immersing themselves in the enhancement of an existing brand, and it is comprised of lectures, cases, guest speakers, discussions, in and out of class exercises, all of which culminate in a brand audit group project that students will present in the final class session. Broadly, the course will be divided into four parts: 1) Understanding Brand, 2) Crafting Brand, 3) Measuring Brand, and 4) Managing Brand. The course will provide students with an appreciation of the role of branding and (taking a consumer-centric approach) will augment students' ability to think creatively and critically about the strategies and tactics involved in building, leveraging, defending, and sustaining inspired brands.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HAND-DRAWN COMPUTER ANIMATION", number:"null", id:"39965", path:"/courses/39965", description:"Using software tools designed for hand-drawn animation, students will develop animation skills applicable to all forms of animation. In this course students will learn to draw with a sense of urgency and purpose as they represent motion and drama in a series of frames. Through careful study of natural movements, precedents in the history of animation, and through the completion of a series of animation projects students will develop strategies for representing naturalistic movement, inventing meaningful transformations of form, and storytelling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASSICAL TO THE MIDDLE CLASS", number:"null", id:"37979", path:"/courses/37979", description:"This course investigates the history of theatre practice in Europe and Asia from Fifth-Century Athens to roughly the end of the Eighteenth Century. In addition to analyzing major dramatic works, this course examines the evolution of production methods - scenography, acting, costuming, theatre architecture - across cultures and key socio-historical moments. Readings will be drawn from historical research, theoretical writings, plays and contemporary social documents. A particular focus will be on the integral role that the theatre plays as a cultural institution in the ongoing civic life of major cities. The course approaches theatre as broadly interdisciplinary and examines its intersection with religious practice, political developments, national identity, geography, the visual arts and the urban landscape.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO HIST-COMP LING", number:"null", id:"37449", path:"/courses/37449", description:"Synchronic and diachronic systems. Analogic processes. Semantic change. Effects of contact. Internal reconstruction. Comparative method and reconstruction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLLEGE MUSIC PROGRAM", number:"null", id:"36173", path:"/courses/36173", description:"Private study in voice, keyboard, strings, woodwind, brass, percussion, and non-western instruments. Such study is designed to meet the artistic, technical, and/or professional needs of the student. Note: This is not a syllabus. Course requirements and assessment will be determined by the private instructor. Private lessons in the College House Music cannot be taken Pass/Fail. Please visit http://www.sas.upenn.edu/music/performance. Students cannot register through Penn In Touch. Registration will be maintained by the music department upon receipt of application and instructor permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPOR FICT/FILM-JPAN", number:"null", id:"43988", path:"/courses/43988", description:"This course will explore fiction and film in contemporary Japan, from 1945 to the present. Topics will include literary and cinematic representation of Japan s war experience and post-war reconstruction, negotiation with Japanese classics, confrontation with the state, and changing ideas of gender and sexuality. We will explore these and other questions by analyzing texts of various genres, including film and film scripts, novels, short stories, manga, and academic essays. Class sessions will combine lectures, discussion, audio-visual materials, and creative as well as analytical writing exercises. The course is taught in English, although Japanese materials will be made available upon request. No prior coursework in Japanese literature, culture, or film is required or expected; additional secondary materials will be available for students taking the course at the 600 level. Writers and film directors examined may include: Kawabata Yasunari, Hayashi Fumiko, Abe Kobo, Mishima Yukio, Oe Kenzaburo, Yoshimoto Banana, Ozu Yasujiro, Naruse Mikio, Kurosawa Akira, Imamura Shohei, Koreeda Hirokazu, and Beat Takeshi.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HLTH: ANTH PERSP", number:"null", id:"40935", path:"/courses/40935", description:"In some parts of the world spending on pharmaceuticals is astronomical. In others, people struggle for survival amid new and reemerging epidemics and have little or no access to basic or life-saving therapies. Treatments for infectious diseases that disproportionately affect the world's poor remain under-researched and global health disparities are increasing. This interdisciplinary seminar integrates perspectives from the social sciences and the biomedical sciences to explore 1) the development and global flows of medical technologies; 2) how the health of individuals and groups is affected by medical technologies, public policy, and the forces of globalization as each of these impacts local worlds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"41836", path:"/courses/41836", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG MECHANICS: DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"44482", path:"/courses/44482", description:"This course introduces the basic concepts in kinematics and dynamics that are necessary to understand, analyze and design mechanisms and machines. These concepts are also fundamental to the modeling and analysis of human movement, biomechanics, animation of synthetic human models and robotics. The topics covered include: Particle dynamics using energy and momentum methods of analysis; Dynamics of systems of particles; Impact; Systems of variable mass; Kinematics and dynamics of rigid bodies in plane motion; Computer-aided dynamic simulation and animation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED WRITING PROJECTS IN THE ARTS AND POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"44073", path:"/courses/44073", description:"An advanced course in writing about the arts and popular culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"36378", path:"/courses/36378", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and two novels; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC LATIN", number:"null", id:"36961", path:"/courses/36961", description:"Advanced study in Latin for students enrolled in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING ANC MESOPOTAMIA", number:"null", id:"39019", path:"/courses/39019", description:"An introduction to the literature of Ancient Mesopotamia. The literature of ancient Mesopotamia flourished thousands of years ago in a culture all of its own, yet the survival of hundreds of thousands of written records challenges us to read it and make sense of it without simply approximating it to the realm of our own understanding. How can we learn to do this? Situating our understanding of how we read and how we understand culture within an interdisciplinary range of literary-critical and analytic approaches, we will approach this question by immersing ourselves in the myths tales and mentalities that made Mesopotamian literature meaningful. To give us a measure of our progress we will bracket the semester by reading Gilgamesh which is never less than a great story, but which will take on new layers of meaning as the semester develops and we learn to read the text in more and more Mesopotamian ways. As we journey through these mysterious realms we will reflect not only Mesopotamia and its immortal literature but on what it means to read and understand any cultures other than our own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"37183", path:"/courses/37183", description:"This class offers an in-depth technical and conceptual foundation in digital imagery and the opportunity to explore the creative, expressive possibilities of photography. Students will become proficient with the basic use of the camera, techniques of digital capture, color management and color correction. They will also develop competency in scanning, retouching, printing and a variety of manipulation techniques in Photoshop. Through weekly lectures and critiques, students will become familiar with some of the most critical issues of representation, consider examples from photo history, analyze the impact of new technologies and social media. With an emphasis on structured shooting assignments, students are encouraged to experiment, expand their visual vocabulary while refining their technical skills. No previous experience is necessary. Although it is beneficial for students to have their own Digital SLR camera, registered students may reserve and checkout Digital SLR cameras and other high-end equipment from the department. 

If you need assistance registering for a closed section, please email the department at fnarug@design.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SHAKESPEAREAN PERF HISTY", number:"null", id:"37987", path:"/courses/37987", description:"This course will combine an intensive practical and intellectual investigation of some area of the making of theatre: performance techniques, theatrical styles, a particular period of theatre history. For the current topics contact the Theatre Arts office or visit the website. 

One section of 275 every other Spring will consist of a small number of Theatre Arts majors selected by the faculty to become members of 'the Edinburgh Project.' This ensemble will mount a production that will be performed at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in August. Many of the readings and exercises in this course will be geared to prepare for production; rehearsals for the project will continue after the exam period at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - ROMANCE: PULP FICTIONS:  POPULAR ROMANCE FROM CHAUCER TO TARANTINO", number:"null", id:"35658", path:"/courses/35658", description:"This seminar explores an aspect of epic or romance intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTH OF GLOBAL LABOR", number:"null", id:"36735", path:"/courses/36735", description:"This course explores the theoretical and ethnographic approaches to the diverse forms of labor in the world. Course discussions will begin by examining how the historical process of industrialization created the modern concepts of time and the ideal industrial workers. Later we will investigate how local communities and individuals react to the changes caused by rapidly globalizing capitalism. By reading ethnographic writings about the various workplaces in capitalist and post-socialist countries, students can understand how the existing 'culture' of the people has affected their reactions to the incessant changes. Course topics include both domestic and international cases. For domestic workplaces, we will look into the daily lives of MBA job holders in Manhattan, part-time restaurant workers in the Midwest, and Mexican migrant workers in the Deep South. For international workplaces, we will investigate Japanese white-collar workers' reaction to the call of globalization, Colombian tin miners' survival strategies to the fluctuating international market price of tin ore, Chinese workers' understanding of their sweatshop jobs, Indian women workers' views about their jobs in a global call center; origins of 'corporate culture' and its local applications in South Korea.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"37701", path:"/courses/37701", description:"This course provides students the opportunity to integrate theory into practice within the clinical setting. The focus is on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic, ethical and cultural judgments with the perioperative patient. Students progress from the care of healthy patients undergoing minimally invasive surgical procedures to the more complex patient with multiple health issues. The student begins to develop an advanced practice nursing role that integrates role theory, nursing theory, and research knowledge through weekly seminars. Scope of practice, role development and nursing interventions will be introduced and explored in the classroom, and principles will be applied in the clinical practicum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE RUSSIAN I", number:"null", id:"37858", path:"/courses/37858", description:"This course will develop your ability to use the Russian language in the context of typical everyday situations, including university life, family, shopping, entertainment, etc. Role-playing, skits, short readings from literature and the current press, and video clips will be used to help students improve their language skills and their understanding of Russian culture. At the end of the semester you will be able to read and write short texts about your daily schedule and interests, to understand brief newspaper articles, films and short literary texts, and to express your opinions in Russian. In combination with RUSS 004, this course prepares students to satisfy the language competency requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42895", path:"/courses/42895", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO&NANO-SCALE MATLS", number:"null", id:"36163", path:"/courses/36163", description:"Basic principles of chemical thermodynamics as applied to macro and nano-sized materials. This course will cover the fundamentals of classical thermodynamics as applied to the calculation and prediction of phase stability, chemical reactivity and synthesis of materials systems. The size-dependent properties of nano-sized systems will be explored through the incorporation of the thermodynamic properties of surfaces. The prediction of the phase stability of two and three component systems will be illustrated through the calculation and interpretation of phase diagrams for metallic, semiconductor, inorganic, polymeric and surfactant systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PORTRAITS RUSS SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"42086", path:"/courses/42086", description:"This course covers 19C Russian cultural and social history. Each week-long unit is organized around a single medium-length text (novella, play, memoir) which opens up a single scene of social historybirth, death, duel, courtship, tsar, and so on. Each of these main texts is accompanied by a set of supplementary materialspaintings, historical readings, cultural-analytical readings, excerpts from other literary works, etc. The object of the course is to understand the social codes and rituals that informed nineteenth-century Russian life, and to apply this knowledge in interpreting literary texts, other cultural objects, and even historical and social documents (letters, memoranda, etc.). We will attempt to understand social history and literary interpretation as separate disciplinesyet also as disciplines that can inform one another. In short: we will read the social history through the text, and read the text against the social history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"43309", path:"/courses/43309", description:"This course is about understanding emerging technology enablers with a goal of stimulating thinking on new applications for commerce. No prerequisite or technical background is assumed. The class is self-contained (mainly lecture-based) and will culminate in a class-driven identification of novel businesses that exploit these enablers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL MOTILITY & CYTOSKEL", number:"null", id:"36846", path:"/courses/36846", description:"Cytoskeleton and cell motility plays a crucial role in many aspects of normal and pathological physiology of individual cells, tissues, and whole organisms, including morphogenesis, immune response, wound healing, oncogenesis, and infection. This course will cover current topics in cell biology with emphasis on cytoskeleton and cell motility and their roles in these processes. Lectures, student presentations, and discussions in the class will be based on primary scientific literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EYE, MIND AND IMAGE", number:"null", id:"39432", path:"/courses/39432", description:"Visual Studies 101 provides an introduction to the collaboration of eye, mind, and image that produces our experience of a visual world. How and what do we see? How do we perceive color, space, and motion? What is an image? Does seeing vary across cultures and time? What can art tell us about vision? Is there a 21st-century form of seeing? This course combines different approaches to the study of vision, drawing from psychology, cognitive science, philosophy, history of art, and fine art. Professors representing two or three disciplines present lectures that demonstrate the methods of their disciplines and draw connections across fields.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAIN CONCEPTS OF LITERARY AND CULTURAL THEORY FOR BEGINNERS", number:"null", id:"41281", path:"/courses/41281", description:"This course introduces students to major issues in the history of literary theory, and provides an excellent foundation for the English major or minor. Treating the work of Plato and Aristotle as well as contemporary criticism, we will consider the fundamental issues that arise from representation, making meaning, appropriation and adaptation, categorization and genre, historicity and genealogy, and historicity and temporality. We will consider major movements in the history of theory including the 'New' Criticism of the 1920's and 30's, structuralism and post-structuralism, Marxism and psychoanalysis, feminism, cultural studies, critical race theory, and queer theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gurus, Prophets, and Aliens: Understanding New Religious Movements", number:"null", id:"40630", path:"/courses/40630", description:"This course offers a thematic introduction to the history of New Religious Movements (NRM) from the mid-19th century to the present day. Often labled as 'cults' by the state and established religious institutions, new religions offer modern believers alternative spiritual and ideological solutions to age- old problems. In this class, students will be introduced to the teachings and practices of prominent NRMs in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia, from wide-spread movements such as Scientology, Mormonism, and the Unification Church to lesser known groups such as the Church of the Almighty God, Neo- Paganism, and Raelism. We will explore the emergence of the anti-cult campaign in the second half of the 20th century, the relationship between apocalyptic sects such as the Peoples Temple and the Branch Davidians and political and social protest, and the role of Asian religions such as the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi's Transcendental Meditation in the development of New Age religiosity. In addition, we will learn how new religious movements such as Wicca and the Children of God helped reshape gender roles and changed mainstream views about sexuality, and how developments in mass media and popular culture contributed to the creation of new groups such as the Star Wars inspired Temple of the Jedi Order (Jediism), the Church of the Latter-Day", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN MUSICAL THEATRE", number:"null", id:"37986", path:"/courses/37986", description:"The American musical is an unapologetically popular art form, but many of the works that come from this tradition have advanced and contributed to the canon of theatre as a whole. In this course we will focus on both music and texts to explore ways in which the musical builds on existing theatrical traditions, as well as alters and reshapes them. Finally, it is precisely because the musical is a popular theatrical form that we can discuss changing public tastes, and the financial pressures inherent in mounting a production. Beginning with early roots in operetta, we will survey the works of prominent writers in the American musical theatre, including Kern, Berlin, Gershwin, Porter, Rodgers, Hart, Hammerstein, Bernstein, Sondheim and others. Class lecture/discussions will be illustrated with recorded examples.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL NUTRITION: THE POLITICAL ECONOMY OF WORLD HUNGER", number:"null", id:"36238", path:"/courses/36238", description:"A detailed consideration of the nature, consequences, and causes of hunger and undernutrition internationally. Approaches are explored to bringing about change, and to formulating and implementing policies and programs at international, national, and local levels, designed to alleviate hunger and under-nutrition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF PALLIATIVE CARE", number:"null", id:"37662", path:"/courses/37662", description:"This course examines national and global perspectives and clinical issues in the delivery of palliative care with diverse populations in multiple health care settings. Students focus on the care of persons with life-threatening, progressive illness, emphasizing respect for patients' and families' beliefs, values, and choices. Students also explore psychosocial and spiritual dimensions of palliative care. Historical, sociocultural, economic, legal, and ethical trends in palliative care are discussed. Factors affecting health care systems and societal attitudes are considered in evaluating the delivery of care during advanced illness and at the end of life. Students engage in the critical analysis of literature, research, and observational experiences concerning biopsychosocial needs of patients and families. Students acquire competencies in patient/family assessment, communication, decision-making, and interdisciplinary collaboration in palliative care. 

This course satisfies the Society & Social Structures Sector for Nursing Class of 2012 and Beyond.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIALS AND METHODS", number:"null", id:"39765", path:"/courses/39765", description:"This is the required proseminar for first year graduate students in classical and ancient history. It will introduce you to some key methodological, practical and theoretical tools for beginning a scholarly career in these fields.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"39576", path:"/courses/39576", description:"Survey course introducing students to the breadth of bioengineering. Course consists of introductory lectures, guest speakers/panelists, and a series of small assignments that allow students to explore different facets of bioengineering and the Penn Bioengineering program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR COLLOQUIUM", number:"null", id:"38688", path:"/courses/38688", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRM MODERN HEBREW III", number:"null", id:"38714", path:"/courses/38714", description:"Development of the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew on an intermediate level. Open to all students who have completed two semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS PREDICTION?", number:"null", id:"39385", path:"/courses/39385", description:"This course is an investigation into the notion of prediction from antiquity to the present. By looking closely at key practices from Homeric divination to modern acturial science and from early modern astrology to contemporary climate models, the course seeks to historicize the way we engage with the future. As part of the course, students also explore the role that methodology, models, causation and big data have played in predictive practices. The readings include a mixture of primary sources, modern scholarship and journalism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL POL. ECON.", number:"null", id:"44811", path:"/courses/44811", description:"This course examines the politics of international economic relations. The course will analyze the interplay between politics and economics in three broad areas: international trade, international finance, and economic development. In each section, we will first discuss economic theories that explain the causes and consequences of international commerce, capital flows, and economic growth. We will then explore how political interests, institutions, and ideas alter these predictions, examining both historical examples and current policy debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA STRUC & SOFTW DESGN", number:"null", id:"42559", path:"/courses/42559", description:"This course will focus on data structures, software design, and advanced Java. The course starts off with an introduction to data structures and basics of the analysis of algorithms. Important data structures covered will include arrays, lists, stacks, queues, trees, hash maps, and graphs. The course will also focus on software design and advanced Java topics such as software architectures, design patterns, networking, multithreading, and graphics. We will use Java for the entire course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIME & MOVEMENT: MOVEMENT FOR THE ACTOR", number:"null", id:"39396", path:"/courses/39396", description:"The study of the art of bodily expression throughout history in theory and practice, from Classical and Oriental, African and Latin forms of dance and movement theater to the contemporary dance and theater, including mime, modern dance, post modern dance, physical theater, film, and performance art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUG DISCOVERY & DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"42474", path:"/courses/42474", description:"Intro to Drug Discovery; Overview of Pharmaceutical Industry and Drug Development Costs, Timelines; High Throughput Screening (HTS): Assay Design and Sensitivity Solid Phase Synthesis and Combinatorial Chemistry; Enzyme Kinetics; Fluorescence, Linearity, Inner-filter effect, quenching; Time dynamics of a Michaelis-Menton Reaction; Competitive Inhibitor; FLINT, FRET, TRF, FP, SPA, alpha-screen; Enzyme HTS (protease); Cell based screening; Fura-2 ratio, loading signaling; Gfpcalmodulin-gfp integrated calcium response; Estrogen/ERE-Luc HTS; Problems with cell based screening (toxicity, permeability, nonspecificity); Instrumentation, Robotics/Automation; Z-factor; SAR, Positioning Scanning; Microarray HTS; IC50, % Conversion in HTS and IC50, Assay Optimization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing, Social Media and E-Commerce", number:"null", id:"40348", path:"/courses/40348", description:"MKTG 770 explores the digital marketing environment from both a consumer and business perspective. The course provides an overview of various online business models and delves into digital advertising and social media marketing techniques and technologies. A mixture of case studies, guest speakers and assignments, including one that uses real advertising data, translates theory into practice. It is recommended that students enrolling in the course be comfortable using Excel and are knowledgeable in applying regression analysis techniques. Students who would prefer a less technical course may wish to take MKTG 727, Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce, a half cu course offered by the department.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"40197", path:"/courses/40197", description:"This course aims to develop functional proficiency in Korean at the intermediate-high level. Students will develop competence in fluency, grammatical accuracy and socio-linguistic/cultural appropriateness through a variety of activities and assignments. In addition, students will learn to communicate using more sophisticated grammatical structures and advanced vocabulary on various topics. The development of each of the four language skills (speaking, listening, reading and writing) is equally emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET LAW & POLICY", number:"null", id:"40213", path:"/courses/40213", description:"The Internet has become central to business and daily life. This course looks at how courts, legislatures, and regulators confront the major legal issues that the Internet poses. The fundamental challenge is that law comes from governments and other institutions in specific places, but the Internet is global and virtual. Conflicts such as the shutdown of the Napster peer-to-peer file-sharing service and the debate over 'network neutrality' regulations for broadband access illustrate the challenge. How does the legal system think about Google, Skype, Twitter, and Facebook? How should it?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE BIG BANG AND BEYOND", number:"null", id:"39573", path:"/courses/39573", description:"An introductory course for students who do not intend to major in a physical science or engineering, covering theories of the Universe ranging from the ancient perspective to the contemporary hot big bang model, including some notions of Einstein's special and general theories of relativity. Topics will include the solar system, stars, black holes, galaxies, and the structure, origin and future of the Universe itself. Elementary algebra is used. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPKN TURK/CINEMA II", number:"null", id:"43578", path:"/courses/43578", description:"This course offers students the opportunity to improve significantly written and spoken discourse strategies and raise language competence in advance level. Students work across media and movies as they interprit and analyze cultural, political and historical moments in Turkish movies. Special attention will be given to the development of an academic discourse style during in-class discussions, threaded discussions and, written compositions. Interviews and discussions will take place in this courset. There will bein class movie screenings and course concludes with an in-class presentation of the collaborative creative project and the final", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO-MODELING", number:"null", id:"44024", path:"/courses/44024", description:"This is an advanced undergraduate course in models of economic growth. Students will be introduced to the workhorse theoretical models that are used to understand growth by modern macroeconomic researchers and policy makers. The types of questions that we will address include: Why are some countries richer than others? Why do some countries grow quickly while others stagnate? Why did modern economic growth start in Western Europe? What can governments do to accelerate economic growth? How does economic growth interact with demographic and geographic factors? We will build theoretical models that can be used to answer these questions. There will be a strong focus on emphasizing the microeconomic foundations of models, and using the language of mathematics to express the underlying assumptions and assess their implications for policy. Hence, there are strict mathematical prerequisites. We will also compare the predictions of our models with the data. Thus, a fair amount of econometrics will be required. A class in statistics and econometrics is highly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"37472", path:"/courses/37472", description:"Continuation of MATH 360.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"35395", path:"/courses/35395", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Mendelian and molecular genetics will be discussed as well as the use of genetic analysis to address questions in all areas of biology. The processes of DNA replication, transcription, and translation will be discussed at the molecular level. Other topics include the regulation of gene expression and genomics. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES METHODS/PRAC IN IR", number:"null", id:"42983", path:"/courses/42983", description:"International Relations is concerned with both theory and practice so we employ a range of analytical tools to examine actors and events in world politics. The purpose of this course is to introduce students to the various research methods utilized by students and scholars in the field of IR including: case studies, historical - comparative and archival research, survey research, interviewing techniques, simulations, quantitative and statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSS HERITAGE SPEAKERS 2", number:"null", id:"39290", path:"/courses/39290", description:"This course is a continuation of RUSS360. In some cases, students who did not take RUSS360 but have basic reading and writing skills may be permitted to enroll with the instructor's permission. Students who complete RUSS361 with a passing grade will satisfy the Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: BORGES'S SHORT FICTION", number:"null", id:"39447", path:"/courses/39447", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOVE,SEX AND POWER", number:"null", id:"39269", path:"/courses/39269", description:"This course focuses on important constants of human life as they are grappled with across religious traditions. Drawing on data across a range of religious traditions (such as Christianity, Hinduism, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism and Mesoamerican Religion), we will explore topics such as sexual identity, politics, religion and the individual in contemporary life; and eroticism, sex and love as they are reflected in religious literature, art and history. Divine love and religious devotion will be examined in relation to acts of violence, including human sacrifice and self-sacrifice in the past as well as the present. Other important questions considered in this course include: how does the body function as the locus in which religion is enacted? What is the conflict between our agency over our bodies and socioreligious claims over individual autonomy? Is violence an integral part of religion? What are religious understandings of the relationship between our agency over our bodies and socioreligious claims over individual autonomy? Is violence an integral part of religion? What are religious understandings of the relationship between love and sex? What does it mean for human beings to love God?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UTOPIA", number:"null", id:"38745", path:"/courses/38745", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STORYTELLING IN THE DIGITAL WORLD", number:"null", id:"38471", path:"/courses/38471", description:"A workshop in creative writing devoted to original student work in journalism. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART OF THE WEB", number:"null", id:"38556", path:"/courses/38556", description:"Art of the Web: Interactive concepts for art and design is a first step in learning how tocreate, analyze and discuss interactive content, as a visual creator. It is an exploration of the culture of the internet, the ideas behind its quirks, the dreams and freedoms it encapsulates, and the creative power it gives to us. Students will be assigned projects that will challenge their current understanding of the web, and the ways it shapes human connectivity and interaction. Upon completion of this course, students will possess a working knowledge how to organize and design websites and learn to critique web-content including navigation, UX design and information ? ?architecture. The course will require analytical and conceptual skills and foster creative thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THESIS WORKSHOP I", number:"null", id:"44938", path:"/courses/44938", description:"The purpose of this course is to guide senior sociology majors in writing a research proposal for a senior honors thesis. Students will learn about various research approaches, how to write a focused literature review, and kinds of data necessary to answer a wide variety of research questions, including their own. Throughout the course, students will work on designing a research question, generation researchable hypotheses, and coming up with a design for their proposed study. The final paper for this course will be a research proposal that is the basis for students' independent research project. This course satisfies the research requirement for sociology majors and is designed primarily for seniors who are planning to write an honors thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"35444", path:"/courses/35444", description:"A basic laboratory course in which both the theoretical and practical aspects of a variety of organic reactions and multistep syntheses are emphasized. Modern chromatographic, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques are applied to experimental organic chemistry. Course should be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 or in the semester immediately following.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMERCIALIZING TECH", number:"null", id:"38411", path:"/courses/38411", description:"EAS 590 provides real world, hands-on learning on what it's like to actually start a high-tech company. We do that by using the Lean LaunchPad framework for Web start-ups. This class is not about how to write a business plan. Instead you will be getting your hands dirty talking to customers, partners, competitors, as you encounter the chaos and uncertainty of how a start-up actually works.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE/PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"37394", path:"/courses/37394", description:"An intermediate level course of Japanese language focusing on workplace-related topics. Intended for students who will use Japanese in the professions. Textbook: Powering Up Your Japanese Through Case Studies: Intermediate and Advanced Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERGRAD METHODS SEM: Undergraduate Methods Seminar", number:"null", id:"39558", path:"/courses/39558", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JEWISH HUMOR", number:"null", id:"44612", path:"/courses/44612", description:"In modern American popular culture Jewish humor is considered by Jews and non-Jews as a recognizable and distinct form of humor. Focusing upon folk-humor, in this course we will examine the history of this perception, and study different manifestation of Jewish humor as a particular case study of ethnic in general. Specific topics for analysis will be: humor in the Hebrew Bible, Jewish humor in Europe and in America, JAP and JAM jokes, Jewish tricksters and pranksters, Jewish humor in the Holocaust and Jewish humor in Israel. The term paper will be collecting project of Jewish jokes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS I", number:"null", id:"41908", path:"/courses/41908", description:"This on-line, didactic course is designed for the practicing nurse practitioner or clinical nurse specialist who seeks to gain additional knowledge and skills related to the care of adult gerontology acutely ill patients with a specific focus on cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, thoracic issues, infectious processes, wound healing and diabetes. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.The basics of ECG, CXR and PFT interpretation, ABG analysis and ventilator modes are highlighted. This course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOPHYSICS", number:"null", id:"38669", path:"/courses/38669", description:"This course will cover the application of geophysical investigation techniques to problems of the earth's plantary structure, local subsurface structure and mineral prospecting. The topics will include principles of geophysical measurements and interpretation with emphasis on gravity measurement, isostasy, geomagnitism, sesmic refraction and reflection,electrical prospecting, electromagnetics and groung radar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WETLANDS", number:"null", id:"41342", path:"/courses/41342", description:"The course focuses on the natural history of different wetland types including climate, geology, and,hydrology factors that influence wetland development Associated soil, vegetation, and wildlife characteristics and key ecological processes will be covered as well. Lectures will be supplemented with weekend wetland types, ranging from tidal salt marshes to non-tidal marshes, swamps, and glacial bogs in order to provide field experience in wetland identification, characterization, and functional assessment. Outside speakers will discuss issues in wetland seed bank ecology, federal regulation, and mitigation. Students will present a short paper on the ecology of a wetland animal and a longer term paper on a selected wetland topic. Readings from the text, assorted journal papers, government technical documents, and book excerpts will provide a broad overview of the multifaceted field of wetland study.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT MORAL PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"44756", path:"/courses/44756", description:"A survey of ethical philosophy in the Ancient Greek tradition. We will study the work of Plato, Aristotle, Epicurus, and the Stoics, including writings of later Roman authors such as Cicero, Seneca, Epictetus, and Marcus Aurelius. The class will be run as a seminar. All works will be read in English translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EURO ART MUSIC", number:"null", id:"40382", path:"/courses/40382", description:"This course aims to introduce students to what it means to study the European musical tradition. Students will approach the divrese music that constitute the classical tradition from a variety of scholarly perspectives. The goal of this class is to listen deeply and think broadly. Students will consider questions such as: what sort of object is music? Where is it located? What does it mean to say a work is 'canonic'? What is left out of the story? This class will be in dialog with other tier-one classes, and will consider what the historian can bring to the study and understanding of music.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE IMMIGRANT CITY", number:"null", id:"43592", path:"/courses/43592", description:"Immigration is among the most important phenomena shaping neighborhoods, cities, and regions. Understanding migration is fundamental to understanding urbanization, community development, and urban society today. This course examines the development of immigrant communities in United States cities and suburbs. Class readings, discussions, and visits to a variety of Philadelphia immigrant neighborhoods explore themes including labor markets, commerce, housing, civil society, racial and ethnic relations, integration, and the public sphere. We study the diverse dynamics and impacts of immigration through foundational readings and close observation of various newcomer and receiving communities. The first part of the course surveys migration and community formation among a broad range of ethnic groups in different sorts of city and suburban neighborhoods, mainly through history, sociology, and geography. The second part focuses on public policy and community and economic development practices related to migration at the local, regional, national, and trans-national scales.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"38599", path:"/courses/38599", description:"The course focuses on financial tools, techniques, and best practices used in buyouts (financial buyers) and acquisitions (strategic buyers). While it will touch upon various strategic, organizational, and general management issues, the main lens for studying these transactions will be a financial one. It will explore how different buyers approach the process of finding, evaluating, and analyzing opportunities in the corporate-control market; how they structure deals and how deal structure affects both value creation and value division; how they add value after transaction completion; and how they realize their ultimate objectives (such as enhanced market position or a profitable exit). The course is divided into two broad modules. The first module covers mergers and acquisitions, and the second one studies buyouts by private equity partnerships. During the spring semester this course cannot be taken pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"42843", path:"/courses/42843", description:"French 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44113", path:"/courses/44113", description:"This course will explore the physical science of the Earth's environment and human interactions with it. Coverage will include the Earth's various environmental systems, various environmental problems, and the direct and indirect causes of these environmental problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP RESP AND ETHICS", number:"null", id:"38827", path:"/courses/38827", description:"This course explores business responsibility from rival theoretical and managerial perspectives. Its focus includes theories of ethics and their application to case studies in business. Topics include moral issues in advertising and sales; hiring and promotion; financial management; corporate pollution; product safety; and decision-making across borders and cultures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Advanced Spanish II: Grammar and Composition", number:"null", id:"43522", path:"/courses/43522", description:"Spanish 212 is an advanced-level language course that emphasizes the acquisition of the tools necessary for successful written expression in Spanish. These tools include a solid knowledge of the major points of Spanish grammar, an ample vocabulary, control of the mechanics of the language (spelling, punctuation, etc.), and a thorough understanding of the writing process. Throughout the semester, students will use these tools to analyze authentic texts and to produce a variety of written assignments. By the end of the course, students will have developed their awareness of the norms of standard Spanish and learned to incorporate these features into their own writing. The class will be conducted in Spanish and students are expected to speak in Spanish at all times. Any questions about placement should be addressed to the directors of the Spanish language program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDIA'S LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"36484", path:"/courses/36484", description:"This course introduces students to the extraordinary quality of literary production during the past four millennia of South Asian civilization. We will read texts in translation from all parts of South Asia up to the sixteenth century. We will read selections from hymns, lyric poems, epics, wisdom literature, plays, political works, and religious texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LAW & LEG PROC", number:"null", id:"37409", path:"/courses/37409", description:"This course presents law as an evolving social institution, with special emphasis on the legal regulation of business. It considers basic concepts of law and legal process, in the U.S. and other legal systems, and introduces the fundamentals of rigorous legal analysis. An in-depth examination of contract law is included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSCIANSHIP II", number:"null", id:"43181", path:"/courses/43181", description:"Continuation of techniques established in Theory and Musicianship I. Explores chromatic harmony. Concepts will be developed through analysis and model composition. Musicianship component will include sight singing, clef reading, harmonic dictation and keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"39132", path:"/courses/39132", description:"This course is about understanding emerging technology enablers with a goal of stimulating thinking on new applications for commerce. No prerequisite or technical background is assumed. The class is self-contained (mainly lecture-based) and will culminate in a class-driven identification of novel businesses that exploit these enablers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL NEUROBIOL", number:"null", id:"43796", path:"/courses/43796", description:"This course will focus on cellular and molecular mechanisms of the organogenesis of the central nervous system. A goal of the course will be to understand the form, function and pathology of the adult nervous system in terms of antecedent developmental processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAVASCRIPT", number:"null", id:"35494", path:"/courses/35494", description:"This course provides an introduction to modern web development frameworks, techniques, and practices used to deliver robust client side applications on the web. The emphasis will be on developing JavaScript programs that run in the browser. Topics covered include the JavaScript language, web browser internals, the Document Object Model (DOM), HTML5, client-side app architecture and compile-to-JS languages like (Coffeescript, TypeScript, etc.). This course is most useful for students who have some programming and web development experience and want to develop moderate JavaScript skills to be able to build complex, interactive applications in the browser.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRO AMER HIST 1876-PRES", number:"null", id:"35240", path:"/courses/35240", description:"A study of the major events, issues, and personalities in Afro-American history from Reconstruction to the present. The course will also examine the different slave experiences and the methods of black resistance and rebellion in the various slave systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE: REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"43577", path:"/courses/43577", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION", number:"null", id:"38365", path:"/courses/38365", description:"Origins, purpose, theory, practice of freedom of expression in the West. Philosophical roots of contemporary debates about expressive limits, especially problems associated with media of communication. Major topics include, but are not limited to sexual expression, hate speech, traitorous and subversive speech, campaign finance, non-verbal expression, artistic expression, privacy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS MOD CHINESE I: LIT", number:"null", id:"36898", path:"/courses/36898", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed three years of college level Mandarin classes or equivalent. This course may be used to fulfill language or elective requirement for Chinese major or minor. The objectives of the course are 1) to help students gain an in-depth, multi-faceted and critical understanding of Chinese people, Chinese society and Chinese culture; 2) to facilitate students'acquisition of formal or written language; and 3) to develop students' analytical and critical thinking skills. These objectives are achieved primarily through 1) close reading and discussion of original literary texts by 20th -century Chinese writers; and 2) regular writing exercises. Students will also view several Chinese films that are related to the topics of the reading text. The class is to be conducted exclusively in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MENTAL HEALTH & AGING", number:"null", id:"43251", path:"/courses/43251", description:"An examination of the psycho-socio-cultural processes which influence the behavior patterns, coping, and adaptation of older adults. The course emphasizes strategies to promote mental health as well as assessment, presentation, and intervention in the major acute and chronic psychiatric disorders affecting the older adult.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICAL RADIATION ENG.", number:"null", id:"40563", path:"/courses/40563", description:"This course in medical radiation physics investigates electromagnetic and particulate radiation and its interaction with matter. The theory of radiation transport and the basic concept of dosimetry will be presented. The principles of radiation detectors and radiation protection will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANO-SCALE MATERIALS LAB", number:"null", id:"43157", path:"/courses/43157", description:"In this class you will learn laboratory methods used to synthesize materials, to examine the structure of materials, to measure electrical, mechanical and thermal properties, and to investigate the relationships between processing, structure and properties. Emphasis is placed on laboratory skills, technical understanding, and technical communications (figures, writing). The laboratory exercises involve: 1) learning how to use state of the art equipment for processing and studying the properties and internal structure of engineering materials, 2) qualitative and quantitative interpretation of data and observations, and 3) the development of analytical skills necessary to form general and fundamental conclusions from observations and data. This course focuses on how materials' structure and chemistry can be controlled to tailor properties and how properties of nanoscale materials can differ significantly from their bulk counterparts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAZZ:STYLE & HISTORY", number:"null", id:"38998", path:"/courses/38998", description:"This course is an exploration of the family of musical idioms called jazz. Attention will be given to issues of style development, selective musicians, and to the social and cultural conditions and the scholarly discourses that have informed the creation, dissemination and reception of this dynamic set of styles from the beginning of the 20th century to the present. Fulfills Cultural Diversity in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALOG INTEGRAT CIRCUITS", number:"null", id:"37136", path:"/courses/37136", description:"Design of analog circuits and subsystems using primarily MOS technologies at the transistor and higher levels. Transistor level design of building block circuits such as op amps, comparators, sample and hold circuits, voltage and current references, capacitors and resistor and class AB output stages. The Cadence Design System will be used to capture schematics and run simulations using Spectre for some homework problems and for the course project. Topics of stability, noise, device matching through good layout practice will also be covered. Students who take ESE419 will not be able to take ESE572 later. More will be expected of ESE572 students in the design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Saints and Devils in Russian Literature and Tradition", number:"null", id:"40653", path:"/courses/40653", description:"This course is about Russian literary imagination, which is populated with saints and devils, believers and religious rebels, holy men and sinners. In Russia, where people's frame of mind had been formed by a mix of Eastern Orthodox Christianity and earlier pagan beliefs, the quest for faith, spirituality, and the meaning of life has invariably been connected with religious matters. How can one find the right path in life? Is humility the way to salvation? Should one live for God or for the people? Does God even exist? In 'Saints and Devils' we read works of great masters of Russian literature and learn about the historic trends that have filled Russia's national character with religious and mystical spirit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"36467", path:"/courses/36467", description:"Quechua, the language of the Inca Empire and still spoken by approximately 6 million people throughout the Andes, is the most popular indigenous language of South America. The program focuses on the development of written and oral communicative abilities in Quechua through an interactive activity-based approach. Course includes an introduction to Quechua and Andean culture. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities. Assessment is based on both students ability to use the language in written and oral tasks and understanding the language and culture. This beginning level Quechua course is designed for students who have little or no previous knowledge of the language. Lectures will be delivered in English and Quechua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF AN AUTHOR: SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"45148", path:"/courses/45148", description:"This course introduces students to literary study through the works of a single author--often Shakespeare, but other versions will feature writers like Jane Austen, Geoffrey Chaucer, Herman Melville, and August Wilson. Readings an individual author across his or her entire career offers students the rare opportunity to examine works from several critical perspectives in a single course. What is the author's relation to his or her time? How do our author's works help us to understand literary history more generally? And how might be understand our author's legacy through performance, tributes, adaptations, or sequels? Exposing students to a range of approaches and assignments, this course is an ideal introduction to literary study for those students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38597", path:"/courses/38597", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCHASTIC PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"44476", path:"/courses/44476", description:"Markov chains, Markov processes, and their limit theory. Renewal theory. Martingales and optimal stopping. Stable laws and processes with independent increments. Brownian motion and the theory of weak convergence. Point processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CITY PLANNING: PLANNING URBAN SPACES", number:"null", id:"39409", path:"/courses/39409", description:"This course will provide a general introduction to the concepts and practice of city planning. Topics to be discussed include: the process and nature of planning - theories, methods and roles as manifested in practice; history and trends in city planning; functional planning practice; planning within constraints--a field project; planning in the international arena; present crisis in planning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gender, Sexuality and International Development", number:"null", id:"42900", path:"/courses/42900", description:"In recent decades, girls' education and empowerment has emerged as a key site for investment and advocacy. Girls are often represented as have the potential to solve wide-ranging societal inssues, from proverty to terrorism, especially in the context of the global South. It is argued that if girls can obtain schooling, they will marry at a later age, delay childbearing, participate in the wage-based economy, and ultimately bring their nations out of abject poverty and violence. This course interrogates this current focus on girls in international development regime by examining its cultural politics. We ask: What kinds of knowledge about people in the global South are produced in/through girl-focused campaings? What is highlighted and what is erased? What are the consequences of such representations for international development policy and practice?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REAL ESTATE LAW", number:"null", id:"39264", path:"/courses/39264", description:"This course examines the fundamentals of real estate finance and development from a legal perspective. The course serves as a foundation course for real estate majors and provides an introduction to real estate for other students. It attempts to develop skills in using legal concepts in a real estate transactional setting. The course will be of interest to students contemplating careers in accounting, real estate development, real estate finance, city planning, or banking. The main topics covered may include the following: land acquisition, finance; choice of entity; tax aspects; management (leasing, environmental); disposition of real property (sale of mortgaged property, foreclosures, wraparound mortgages, sale-leasebacks); and recent legal developments. Format: Although some of the material is presented by lecture, the instructor expects considerable class participation. Cross- listed with LGST 804.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIFFERENTIAL GEOMETRY", number:"null", id:"38889", path:"/courses/38889", description:"The course moves from a study of extrinsic geometry (curves and surfaces in n-space) to the intrinsic geometry of manifolds. After a review of vector calculus and a section on tensor algebra, we study manifolds and their intrinsic geometry, including metrics, connections, geodesics, and the Riemann curvature tensor. Topics include Eulerian curvature and Euler's theorems, the Gauss map and first/second fundamental forms, the Theorema Egregium, minimal surfaces in n-space; other topics as time permits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIATION BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38977", path:"/courses/38977", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN US HISTORY: JAPANESE/AMER INTERNMENT", number:"null", id:"35930", path:"/courses/35930", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL MODALITIES ACROSS THE LIFE CYCLE IN ADV PRACT PSYCH/MENT HLTH NURS", number:"null", id:"45231", path:"/courses/45231", description:"Crisis intervention, brief psycho-therapy, group processes and practices, milieu therapy, and intervention with families are examined as they relate to nursing practice in mental health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYN & PHASE TRANSF", number:"null", id:"41785", path:"/courses/41785", description:"Fundamental elements of engineering thermodynamics, statistical thermodynamics, chemical thermodynamics and defect thermodynamics. Thermodynamic functions, stability, phase transitions, mixtures (gases, condensed matter, polymer solution), defects and interfaces. Phase diagrams and predominance diagrams. Applications to energy problems (engines, efficiency, power, electrochemical cells) and properties (Curie's law, rubber elasticity, specific heat, phonon/photon spectra, constitutive equations, equation of states).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLIMATE POLICY & TECH", number:"null", id:"41233", path:"/courses/41233", description:"The course will exam Pacala and Socolow's hypothesis that 'Humanity already possesses the fundamental scientific, technical and industrial know-how t solve the carbon and climate problem for the next half-century.' Fifteen 'climate stabilization wedges' i.e., strategies that each have the potential to reduce carbon emissions by 1 billion ons per year by 2054, will be examined in detail. Technology and economics will be reviewed. Socio-political barriers to mass-scale implementation will be discussed. Pacala and Socolow note 'Every element in this portfoloio has passed beyond the laboratory bench and demonstration project; many are already implemented somewhere at full industrial scale'.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TPC IN PHYS/CHEM BE", number:"null", id:"40998", path:"/courses/40998", description:"Advanced topics in physical chemistry including solution and colloid chemistry, electrochemistry, surface phenomena, and macromolecules applied to biological systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1000 YRS MUSICAL LISTENG", number:"null", id:"37588", path:"/courses/37588", description:"We know that we like music and that it moves us, yet it is often difficult to pinpoint exactly why, and harder still to explain what it is we are hearing. This course takes on those issues. It aims to introduce you to a variety of music, and a range of ways of thinking, talking and writing about music. The majority of music dealt with will be drawn from the so-called 'Classical' repertory, from the medieval period to the present day, including some of the 'greats' such as Handel, Beethoven, Mozart, Berlioz, and Verdi, but will also introduce you to music you will most likely never have encountered before. This course will explore the technical workings of music and the vocabularies for analyzing music and articulating a response to it; it also examines music as a cultural phenomenon, considering what music has meant for different people, from different societies across the ages and across geographical boundaries. As well as learning to listen ourselves, we will also engage with a history of listening. No prior musical knowledge is required. (Formerly Music 021)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRM MODERN HEBREW III", number:"null", id:"41530", path:"/courses/41530", description:"Development of the skills of reading, writing, and conversing in modern Hebrew on an intermediate level. Open to all students who have completed two semesters of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CARIBBEAN CULT & POLITIC", number:"null", id:"38089", path:"/courses/38089", description:"This course offers anthropological perspectives on the Caribbean as a geo-political and socio-cultural region, and on contemporary Caribbean diaspora cultures. We will examine how the region's long and diverse colonial history has structured relationships between race, ethnicity, class, gender and power, as well as how people have challenged these structures. As a region in which there have been massive transplantations of peoples and their cultures from Africa, Asia, and Europe, and upon which the United States has exerted considerable influence, we will question the processes by which the meeting and mixing of peoples and cultures has occurred. Course readings include material on the political economy of slavery and the plantation system, family and community life, religious beliefs and practices, gender roles and ideologies, popular culture, and the differing ways national, ethnic, and racial identities are expressed on the islands and throughout the Caribbean diaspora.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"C++ PROG", number:"null", id:"35488", path:"/courses/35488", description:"This course will provide an introduction to programming in C++ and is intended for students who already have some exposure to programming in another language such as Java, C++ provides the programmer with a greater level of control over machine resources and are commonly used in situations where low level access or performance are important. This course will illuminate the issues associated with programming at this level and will cover issues such as explicit memory management, pointers, the compilation process and debugging. The course will involve several programming projects which will provide students with the experience they need to program effectively in these languages. This course assumes programming experience equivalent to CIS 110, CIS 120 or ESE 112.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"42481", path:"/courses/42481", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 001.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONST LAW & FREE ENTERPR", number:"null", id:"37417", path:"/courses/37417", description:"The course explores the fundamentals of U.S. constitutional doctrine and adjudication, with an emphasis on commercial and business issues and implications of constitutional law. The course starts by considering the Constitution and the structure and relationship of the governmental entities it establishes and upon which it depends. Special attention is given to the role of the federal courts, especially the Supreme Court, in interpreting and applying constitutional principles. From this foundation, the course moves on to examine in detail the major economic and business implications of constitutional law in different eras of the nation's history. A core theme is how historical events and changing notions of public policy have affected and been affected by the evolution of constitutional doctrine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT KOREAN MEDIA I", number:"null", id:"41630", path:"/courses/41630", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course aims to develop a deeper understanding of the contemporary Korean society through critical analysis of language use and viewpoints expressed in various types of media including the internet, TV, films and newspapers. This course will provide students with a rich opportunity to relate what they have learned in previous Korean language courses to the larger context of Korean culture and society. The course is conducted entirely in Korean and utilizes both written and audiovisual materials to develop students' reading/listening comprehension and critical thinking. The course also involves in-depth class discussion and writing short compositions to enhance conversation and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN IN JEWISH LIT", number:"null", id:"40077", path:"/courses/40077", description:"This course introduces students of literature, women's studies, and Jewish studies to the long tradition of women as readers, writers, and subjects in Jewish literature. All texts will be in translation from Yiddish and Hebrew, or in English. Through a variety of genres--devotional literature, memoir, fiction, and poetry -- we will study women's roles and selves, the relation of women and men, and the interaction between Jewish texts and women's lives. The legacy of women in Yiddish devotional literature will serve as background for our reading of modern Jewish fiction & poetry from the past century. The course is devided into five segments. The first presents a case study of the Matriarchs Rachel and Leah, as they are portrayed in the Hebrew Bible, in rabbinic commentary, in pre-modern prayers, and in modern poems. We then examine a modern novel that recasts the story of Dinah, Leah's daughter. Next we turn to the seventeenth century Glikl of Hamel, the first Jewish woman memoirist. The third segment focuses on devotional literature for and by women. In the fourth segment, we read modern women poets in Yiddish, Hebrew, and English. The course concludes with a fifth segment on fiction and a memoir written by women in Yiddish, Hebrew, and English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBABILITY", number:"null", id:"40728", path:"/courses/40728", description:"Discrete and continuous sample spaces and probability; random variables, distributions, independence; expectation and generating functions; Markov chains and recurrence theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL CULTURE AND AMERICAN CITIES", number:"null", id:"37817", path:"/courses/37817", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36884", path:"/courses/36884", description:"Along with CHIN012, CHIN111 and CHIN112, this is the first course of a four-semester sequence. By completing all four semesters, students fulfill the College language requirement. The sequence starts each fall. Students cannot begin their study in the spring. This course is designed primarily for students who have little or no prior exposure to Chinese. The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions. 

This course is designed primarily for students who have little or no prior exposure to Chinese. The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions. In order to achieve these goals, students are expected to thoroughly preview and review the materials according to the weekly lesson plan (on course website) prior to attending class. Regular attendance is mandatory and strictly monitored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ATOMS/BITS/CIRC & SYS", number:"null", id:"37124", path:"/courses/37124", description:"Introduction to the principles underlying electrical and systems engineering. Concepts used in designing circuits, processing signals on analog and digital devices, implementing computatin on embedded systems, analyzing communication networks, and understanding complex systems will be discussed in lectures and illustrated in the laboratory. This course provides an overview of the challenges and tools that Electrical Engineers and Systems Engineers address and some of the necessary foundations for students interested in more advanced courses in ESE.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS", number:"null", id:"39099", path:"/courses/39099", description:"This one semester survey course provides an overview of quantitative clinical research design and methods. Ethical and legal considerations in human subjects research, access to patient populations, sampling designs and power analysis, experimental and non-experimental designs, measurement of variables, data collection techniques, and data management are included. This course is intended for doctoral students in the health sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMB ANAL & GRAPH THRY", number:"null", id:"41695", path:"/courses/41695", description:"Generating functions, enumeration methods, Polya's theorem, combinatorial designs, discrete probability, extremal graphs, graph algorithms and spectral graph theory, combinatorial and computational geometry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORENSIC MENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"40439", path:"/courses/40439", description:"Forensic mental health is the interface between the law and mental health. This course examines the components of human behavior that bring people into a judicial setting. Content will cover: criminal personalities, forensic interview, and the role of forensic psychiatry. Domestic violence offenders, sex offenders, stalkers, gang members, and offenders who commit homicide will be discussed. Definitions and dynamics of criminal motherhood and the psychodynamics of violent juvenile offenders will be presented. Use of the internet by offenders will also be discussed. This course also offers a field experience in which student's interview incarcerated individuals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"45278", path:"/courses/45278", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to comparative political analysis. How can the political behavior, circumstances, institutions, and dynamic patterns of change that people experience in very different societies be analyzed using the same set of concepts and theories? Key themes include nationalism, political culture, democratization, authoritarianism, and the nature of protracted conflict.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"41672", path:"/courses/41672", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING WITH PICTURES: CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS", number:"null", id:"38553", path:"/courses/38553", description:"A children's picture book is a unique book form in that it is written with pictures. Words, if used at all, serve to illustrate what the picture cannot say. In this course students will learn the complexities of designing what looks to be, a simple picture book for children. Visualizing the story begins with both writing and drawing prompts, image collecting, and exposure to a range of children's literature. Students will learn to sequence a main character and an environment into a storyboard through stages of changes towards a resolution. By the end of the semester students will have a good understanding of how a picture book works, with a personal 'dummy' book well on its way. This course will include two guest artists.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV REAL EST INV, ANALYS", number:"null", id:"44871", path:"/courses/44871", description:"This course, is designed for majors in Real Estate, but is also open to finance-oriented students who wish a deeper analysis of real estate investment and investment analysis issues than that offered in REAL/FNCE 721. The class will contain a mixture of lectures, guest speakers and case discussions. Academic research is paired with recent industry analysis of key issues in order to marry sound theory and empirical results with current events and practices. Several classes will include lectures outlining what economics and finance tell us about a number of topics. Generally, these will be followed by guest lectures from industry professionals who will focus on a specific application of the principles introduced in the lectures. Format: Lecture, industry speakers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF RETAILING", number:"null", id:"43144", path:"/courses/43144", description:"This course provides an interdisciplinary overview of the retailing industry. Primary focus will be on the customer facing activities of retailers, including assortment planning, private-label development and the management of in-store operations, and the back-door activities (forecasting and supply chain management) that support customer interaction. In addition, current issues facing retailers, such as customer relationship management, industry consolidation and supplier relations, will be explored. The course will also survey topics in finance, operations, information technology and real estate as they relate to retail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL.CULTURE&AMER CITIES", number:"null", id:"42036", path:"/courses/42036", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN ETHICS: ENVIRONMENTAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"37741", path:"/courses/37741", description:"This course examines some of the central theoretical and applied questions of ethics. For example, what is the good life? By what measure or principles do we evaluate the rightness and wrongness of actions? How does ethical reasoning help us understand and address real world problems such as world hunger, social injustice, sex and race discrimination, allocation of scare resources and the like. The course can be organized around an applied topic or practical issue such as global ethics, just war, biomedical ethics or environmental ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PETROGRAPHY CULTURAL MAT", number:"null", id:"35536", path:"/courses/35536", description:"Introduction to thin-section petrography of stone and ceramic archaeological materials. Using polarized light microscopy, the first half of this course will cover the basics of mineralogy and the petrography of igneous, metamorphic and sedimentary rocks. The second half will focus on the petrographic description of ceramic materials, mainly pottery, with emphasis on the interpretation of provenance and technology. As part of this course, students will characterize and analyze archaeological samples from various collections. Prior knowledge of geology is not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ETHICS, ARCHAEOLOGY & CULTURAL HERITAGE", number:"null", id:"40940", path:"/courses/40940", description:"This seminar will explore some of the most important issues that are now a central part of archaeological, anthropological and historical research throughout the world. The identification and control of cultural heritage is a central part of the framework for research within other communities. Issues for this course will also include cultural identity, human rights, repatriation, colonialism, working with communities and many other topics. Field research today must be based upon a new series of ethical standards that will be discussed and examined within this class. Major topics include: cultural heritage - definitions and constructs, cosmopolitanism and collecting, archaeology and looting, cultural heritage preservation, museums - universal and national, museum acquisition policies, cultural identity, international conventions (including underwater issues), national laws of ownership, community based development, cultural tourism, development models, and human rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCEAN-ATMOSPHERE DYNAMICS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR FUTURE CLIMATE CHANGE", number:"null", id:"42730", path:"/courses/42730", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of atmosphere and ocean dynamics, and aims to put these in the context of climate change in the 21st century. Large-scale atmospheric and oceanic circulation, the global energy balance, and the global energy balance, and the global hydrological cycle. We will introduce concepts of fluid dynamics and we will apply these to the vertical and horizontal motions in the atmosphere and ocean. Concepts covered include: hydrostatic law, buoyancy and convection, basic equations of fluid motions, Hadley and Ferrel cells in the atmosphere, thermohaline circulation, Sverdrup ocean flow, modes of climate variability (El-Nino, North Atlantic Oscillation, Southern Annular Mode). The course will incorporate student led discussions based on readings of the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report and recent literature on climate change. Aimed at undergraduate or graduate students who have no prior knowledge of meteorology or oceanography or training in fluid mechanics. Previous background in calculus and/or introductory physics is helpful. This is a general course which spans many subdisciplines (fluid mechanics, atmospheric science, oceanography, hydrology).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMAGE AND SOUND EDITING", number:"null", id:"38545", path:"/courses/38545", description:"This course presents an in-depth look at the storytelling power of image and sound in both narrative and documentary motion pictures. Students apply a theoretical framework in ongoing workshops, exploring practical approaches to picture editing and sound design. Students edit scenes with a variety of aesthetic approaches, and create story-driven soundtracks with the use of sound FX, dialogue replacement, foleys, music and mixing. Students not only learn critical skills that expand creative possibilities, but also broaden their understanding of the critical relationship between image and sound.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN REGRESSION", number:"null", id:"43974", path:"/courses/43974", description:"This course covers supervised learning: various forms of nonparametric regression and machine learning. It assumes at least one solid course in conventional linear regression, although that framework is discarded the first week of class. Intuitive explanations for key statistical concepts are provided with little dependence on formal mathematics. Grades are based on research reports in which modern statistical procedures are applied to real and challenging datasets. Some might call these excercises 'analytics'. All class demonstrations are done with the programming language R, and R is required for the research reports.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING YIDDISH I", number:"null", id:"42271", path:"/courses/42271", description:"The goal of this course is to help beginning students develop skills in Yiddish conversation, reading and writing. Yiddish is the medium of a millennium of Jewish life. We will frequently have reason to refer to the history and culture of Ashkenazie Jewry in studying the language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOCUMENTARY WRITING", number:"null", id:"44067", path:"/courses/44067", description:"This course will function as a workshop, with a select group of students. It's a course that will honor the spirit and tradition of 'documentary' writing. The word 'documentary' has meant many things over time. Here, it means a kind of nose-close observation and reportage. It means a level of being with one's subject matter in a way that other creative writing courses do not allow because of their format and structure. In English 155, a student writer at Penn will dare to 'hang' with his topic--a girl's high-school basketball team; a medical intern in a HUP emergency room; a cleaning lady doing the graveyard shift in a classroom building; a food-truck operator crowding the noontime avenues; a client-patient in the Ronald McDonald House near campus; a parish priest making his solitary and dreary and yet redemptive rounds of the sick and the dying in the hospital--for the entire term. At the term's end, each writer in the course will have produced one extended prose work: a documentary piece of high creative caliber. This is our goal and inspiration. The piece will be 35 to 40 pages long, at minimum.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38293", path:"/courses/38293", description:"Following the format of Advanced Business Chinese I, this course covers topics on Eastern and Western management styles, the global financial market, China's financial market reforms, and mergers and acquisitions in China. The course is NOT open to freshman with no undergraduate business course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRESHMAN SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"36176", path:"/courses/36176", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small setting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics will be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:/www .college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php. Fulfills Arts and Letters sector requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL METH FOR ENG", number:"null", id:"42724", path:"/courses/42724", description:"This course introduces students to physical models and mathematical methods that are widely encountered in various branches of engineering. Illustrative examples are used to motivate mathematical topics including ordinary and partial differential equations, Fourier analysis, eigenvalue problems, and stability analysis. Analytical techniques that yield exact solutions to problems are developed when possible, but in many cases, numerical calculations are employed using programs such as Matlab and Maple. Students will learn the importance of mathematics in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTINUING ARABIC IV", number:"null", id:"35305", path:"/courses/35305", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE AND THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"43409", path:"/courses/43409", description:"This course describes current theorizing on how the human mind achieves high-level cognitive processes such as using language, thinking, and reasoning. The course discusses issues such as whether the language ability is unique to humans, whether there is a critical period to the acquisition of a language, the nature of conceptual knowledge, how people perform deductive reasoning and induction, and how linguistic and conceptual knowledge interact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE & LITERATURE: MEDICINE IN LITERATURE AND FILM: 1850-2000", number:"null", id:"35632", path:"/courses/35632", description:"This course offers a comprehensive study of significant changes and continuities in the history of medicine from 1650-1850, alongside works of literature that exemplify the shifting notions of the doctor and sickness in the Western medical tradition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PENN SUMMER HIGH SCHOOL", number:"null", id:"45283", path:"/courses/45283", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR ABNORMAL PSYCH: GENDER AND PSYCHOPATHOLO", number:"null", id:"40615", path:"/courses/40615", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRAPARTUM / POSTPARTUM / NEWBORN CARE, CLINICAL", number:"null", id:"45261", path:"/courses/45261", description:"Clinical care and management of women, newborns and their families during the intrapartum, postpartum and newborn periods. Includes management of selected obstetrical emergencies and medical complications. Clinical assignments related to module objectives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA INDUSTRIES AND SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"43951", path:"/courses/43951", description:"The aim of this course is to prepare you to work in the media business as well as to be an informed citizen by acquainting you with the work and language of media practitioners. The class also investigates the exciting, and (to some employed there) scary changes taking place in the news industry, the advertising industry, the movie industry, and several other areas of the media system. In doing that, the course ranges over economic, political, legal, historical, and 'cultural' considerations that shape what we see when we go online, use social media, watch TV, read books, play video games, and more. You'll never look at media the same again.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV NON-FICTION WORKS: EXPERIMENTAL NONFICTION", number:"null", id:"44066", path:"/courses/44066", description:"Writing with a view to publication in the freelance sections of newspapers such as THE PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER and THE NEW YORK TIMES, in magazines such as THE ATLANTIC and THE NEW YORKER, and in the literary quarterlies and the journals of opinion. Among the areas likely to be considered are writing as a public act, issues of taste and of privacy, questions of ethics and of policy, methods of research and of checking, excerpting, marketing, and the realistic understanding of assignments and of the publishing world. Student papers will be the basis of weekly editorial sessions, with concentration on the language: how to render material literate, how to recognize and dispose of padding and self-indulgence, how to tighten structure and amplify substance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEER TUTOR TRAINING", number:"null", id:"39461", path:"/courses/39461", description:"This course is by nomination and invitation only. It is intended for capable writers who possess the maturity, temperament, and skills to work successfully as peer tutors at Penn. The course emphasizes the development of tutors' own writing through the process of collaborative peer-criticism, individual conferences, and intensive sessions on writing, from mechanics to style; it also focuses on writing pedagogy, research, and tutoring strategies. The class meets twice weekly; tutors also work two hours weekly in the Writing Center or elsewhere, and confer regularly in small groups or one-on-one meetings with the instructor. Tutors are required to write five short papers, eight one-page peer reviews, and two responses to readings. Additionally, students keep a journal and give two class presentations. CWIC-affiliated course. www.fission.sas.upenn.edu/writing/ccs/catalog.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENSEMBLE PERFORMANCE: UNIV. WIND ENSEMBLE", number:"null", id:"44577", path:"/courses/44577", description:"Successful participation in a music department sponsored group. Ensemble groups: University Orchestra, University Wind Ensemble, Choral Society, University Choir, Ancient Voices, Baroque and Recorder Ensemble, Chamber Music Society, Arab Music Ensemble, Samba and Jazz Combo. This course must be taken for a letter grade (Pass/Fail registration option may not be utilized for this course).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"38634", path:"/courses/38634", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY FRANCE", number:"null", id:"40032", path:"/courses/40032", description:"Among the many dramatic transformations that have marked French culture and society since World War II, the emergence of la jeunesse will be our reference point to examine the major trends of the period. By means of films, short novels and a basic historical text, we will consider the shifts in lifestyle, values, and identity among youth at critical moments in the history of the last 50 years. Conducted entirely in French, this course requires the student to view 7 films outside of class, 1 written mid-term in class, reaction paragraphs for each film, 3 of which will be expanded to relate the films to the required readings of Francoise Sagan, Georges Perec and Rachid Djaidani. Students will also present to the class their research upon some aspect of youth culture or identity of their choice. The written part of that presentation will be integrated into the final exam paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED LAB", number:"null", id:"36363", path:"/courses/36363", description:"Directed experiments in classical and modern physics designed to acquaint the student with modern laboratory instrumentation and techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC OPIN & AMER DEMOC", number:"null", id:"39217", path:"/courses/39217", description:"This course examines public opinion in the American political system. We will discuss how to measure public opinion, how citizens forumlate opinions, and the role of public opinion in campaigns, elections, and policymaking. We will also consider normative questions, including the role opinion should play in American democracy. Additionally, over the course of the semester we will track public opinion polls related to ongoing elections as well as develop analytical skills to answer questions using public opinion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUST ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"42634", path:"/courses/42634", description:"Theories of various industrial organizational structures and problems are developed, including monopoly, oligopoly, moral hazard and adverse selection. These theories are then applied to the study of various industries, antitrust cases, and regulatory issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Culture, Production, and Consumption in the Global Marketplace", number:"null", id:"45092", path:"/courses/45092", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining portion of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel. Research assignments emphasize the use of anthropological participant-observation techniques to investigate the relationships between", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"40458", path:"/courses/40458", description:"This is a laboratory/clinical course designed to help prospective nurse practitioners develop advanced clinical assessment skills. Provider-patient interaction, data collection, and hypothesis formulation are emphasized. All participants engage in actual practice with fellow students, and/or models, and consenting patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV METHODS APPLIED STAT", number:"null", id:"43546", path:"/courses/43546", description:"This course is designed for Ph.D. students in statistics and will cover various advanced methods and models that are useful in applied statistics. Topics for the course will include missing data, measurement error, nonlinear and generalized linear regression models, survival analysis, experimental design, longitudinal studies, building R packages and reproducible research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORICAL LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"42573", path:"/courses/42573", description:"This course is a practical and theoretical introduction to Ancient Greek metrics. Students will read and analyze many passages of verse chosen from all the Greek metrical traditions. Required work will include a final term paper on a topic chosen in consultation with the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG DECSN MAKING", number:"null", id:"43311", path:"/courses/43311", description:"The course is built around lectures reviewing multiple empirical studies, class discussion,and a few cases. Depending on the instructor, grading is determined by some combination of short written assignments, tests, class participation and a final project (see each instructor's syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"41667", path:"/courses/41667", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"35275", path:"/courses/35275", description:"This course explores the history and archaeology of the last 20,000 years from the development of agriculture to the industrial revolution. Why did people across the world abandon foraging for farming? How and why did cities and states develop? Why did societies succeed or fail? How have humans transformed themselves and the natural world, including the landscape and the climate? We will explore the methods that archaeologists use to consider these questions and analyze evidence for social and economic change from the Middle East, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Europe. In addition, students will have a chance to conduct hands-on exercises with artifacts from the Penn Museum and an opportunity to do some experimental archaeology during recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics - Consumer Neuroscience", number:"null", id:"40855", path:"/courses/40855", description:"Basic neuroscience made steady progress throughout the 20th century with only small areas of application outside of medicine. Over the past 30 years, however, breakthroughs in measurement and computation have accelerated basic research and created major applications for business and technology. Currently, applications to marketing research and product development are experiencing explosive growth that has been met with both excitement and skepticism. This mini-course provides an overview of these developments. The course follows a straightforward theory/application format for each major area of cognitive neuroscience. On Tuesdays, the basics of neuroscience are covered along with a few illustrative applications. A key take-away from this part of the course is to gain the elementary scientific knowledge that is necessary to separate 'neuro-reality' from 'neuro-hype.' On Thursdays, we cover application areas in greater detail. There are two general types of applications. First, there are applications of neuroscience in marketing research. Topics will range from well-known and widely used applications, such as eye-tracking measures in the lab and the field, to emerging methods and measures, such as mobile EEG, face reading algorithms, and fMRI predictors of market response.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY UKRAINIAN II", number:"null", id:"39308", path:"/courses/39308", description:"Continuation of SLAV 590", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM COMP & INF SCI", number:"null", id:"38321", path:"/courses/38321", description:"The purpose of this course is to introduce undergraduate students in computer computer science and engineering to quantum computers (QC) and quantum information science (QIS). This course is meant primarly for juniors and seniors in Computer Science. No prior knowledge of quantum mechanics (QM) is assumed. Enrollment is by permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAB IN MOD PHYS", number:"null", id:"36358", path:"/courses/36358", description:"Supervised experiments in modern physics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"41757", path:"/courses/41757", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF MIND", number:"null", id:"39166", path:"/courses/39166", description:"This course studies particular topics in contemporary philosophy of mind and cognitive science. Examples include: the nature of consciousness, naturalistic accounts of intentionality, the nature scope of scientific explanation in studying the mind, the intersection of philosophy of mind and epistemology, and theories of agency. Typically, readings include both philosophy and empirical work from relevant sciences. Prerequisites: This course will be most suitable for advanced undergraduates and graduate students in philosophy or related sciences; others need instructor's permission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECON & FINCING-HLTHCR DL", number:"null", id:"41520", path:"/courses/41520", description:"The course provides an application of economic models to demand, supply, and their interaction in the medical economy. Influences on demand, especially health status, insurance coverage, and income will be analyzed. Physician decisions on the pricing and form of their own services, and on the advice they offer about other services, will be considered. Competition in medical care markets, especially for hospital services, will be studied. Special emphasis will be placed on government as demander of medical care services. Changes in Medicare and regulation of managed care are among the public policy issues to be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECIAL TOPICS IN COMM: MEDIA AND POLITICAL TRUST", number:"null", id:"43955", path:"/courses/43955", description:"Democracy can only survive and thrive when citizens have faith in its ability to produce just outcomes through just procedures. How do citizens decide whether to trust political leaders, government institutions, or the election system? This course will examine the role of media particularly news media in enhancing or undermining trust in democratic processes and institutions. We will begin by exploring competing definitions of political trust. We will then consider a variety of ways in which media influence trust. Specific topics will range from issues in contemporary American politics, such as news coverage of alleged voter fraud and alleged voter suppression, to the relationship between media and trust in international context, particularly the importance of trust in newer democracies. Throughout the semester we will also consider issues related to the measurement of political trust using examples from national and global surveys of political attitudes. Quantitative Research Methods in Communication, or a similar course involving survey design and analysis, is recommended as a prerequisite for Media and Political Trust.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MINERALOGY", number:"null", id:"41479", path:"/courses/41479", description:"Crystallography, representative minerals, their chemical and physical properties. Use of petrographic microscope in identifying common rock-forming minerals in thin section.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPLIED REG & ANALY VAR", number:"null", id:"37953", path:"/courses/37953", description:"An applied graduate level course in multiple regression and analysis of variance for students who have completed an undergraduate course in basic statistical methods. Emphasis is on practical methods of data analysis and their interpretation. Covers model building, general linear hypothesis, residual analysis, leverage and influence, one-way anova, two-way anova, factorial anova. Primarily for doctoral students in the managerial, behavioral, social and health sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"39671", path:"/courses/39671", description:"A detailed treatment of the theory and application of modern physical methods for the elucidation of structure and mechanism in inorganic and organometallic chemistry. An introduction to symmetry and group theory is followed by the application of these concepts to vibrational and electronic spectroscopy of inorganic complexes. Magnetic resonance is discussed in detail, including topics such as EPR, fourier transform methods, dynamic systems, and 2-dimensional NMR.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"39103", path:"/courses/39103", description:"This course provides the opportunity for students to integrate theoretical knowledge and research finding into practice within the clinical setting. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients with more complex health problems. Techniques for managing the acute pain of clients are emphasized. Anesthetic requirements as dictated by patient assessment including the surgical procedure are studied in greater depth. The student now possesses the ability to combine theories and skills in selected clinical situations. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the student's critical thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU I", number:"null", id:"40895", path:"/courses/40895", description:"The elementary Zulu I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on South Africa, Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"40571", path:"/courses/40571", description:"Portuguese for the Professions is designed for advanced-level students to develop their ability to use a wide technical vocabulary. The course will cover an array of topics in the areas of Economy, Politics, Science, Technology, Law and others as they pertain to the societies and cultures of the Lusophone countries, with particular emphasis placed on Brazil. Through readings, movies, discussions, essays and presentations, students will enhance their ability to write about and discuss these topics while employing the appropriate technical vocabulary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36422", path:"/courses/36422", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIDEO I", number:"null", id:"45153", path:"/courses/45153", description:"In this studio based course, students are introduced to video production and postproduction as well as to selected historical and theoretical texts addressing the medium of video. Students will be taught basic camera operation, sound recording and lighting, as well as basic video and sound editing and exporting using various screening and installation formats. In addition to a range of short assignment-based exercises, students will be expected to complete three short projects over the course of the semester. Critiques of these projects are crucial to the course as students are expected to speak at length about the formal, technical, critical and historical dimensions of their works. Weekly readings in philosophy, critical theory, artist statements and literature are assinged. The course will also include weekly screenings of films and videos, introducing students to the history of video art as well as to other contemporary practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLONIAL LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"37307", path:"/courses/37307", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad literature on Latin America's rich colonial history. We will begin by tracing some of the early origins of - and points of contact between - the Indian, Iberian, and African men and women who formed the basis of colonial society. As the course progresses, we will explore the variety of ways in which colonial subjects lived, worked, ate, worshipped, and socialized. Lectures and reading assignments will draw upon a variety of sources, including court cases, artistic renderings, city maps and street plans, travel accounts of visits to the regions, and the material, cultural, and intellectual products made possible by the wealth and dynamism of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. The course will conclude with an analysis of the Age of Revolutions, a period of dramatic upheaval that remains at the center of lively scholarly debates. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage the key questions driving these debates, the most important of which, perhaps, is: what is Latin America's colonial legacy?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce", number:"null", id:"38954", path:"/courses/38954", description:"The effect of the Internet and related technologies on business and social institutions is more profound than that of any prior invention, including the printing press and the internal combustion engine. Furthermore, marketing plays a key role in shaping the modern consumption-led economies fueled by these technologies. MKTG 230 provides a research-based and framework-driven approach to understanding digital marketing and electronic commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PRINT CULTURE", number:"null", id:"42960", path:"/courses/42960", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - SEMINAR IN PRIVATE EQUITY", number:"null", id:"44220", path:"/courses/44220", description:"This course will be a survey of the private equity asset class. Its objective is to provide an understanding of the concepts, agents, and institutions involved in the late stage corporate private equity market in the U.S. and around the globe. It will examine the buyout market and the activities of buyout funds from the differing perspectives of private equity investors, private equity fund sponsors, and managers of the portfolio companies. The course will be taught almost entirely with cases. Distinguished Wharton alumni in the private equity industry will be our guest speakers for many of the cases based on transactions they concluded. While this course is primarily intended for graduate students, admission may be granted to a limited number of interested undergraduate students. PLEASE NOTE: this course may be recorded for live or subsequent distribution, display, broadcast, or commercialization in any media, including video, audio, or electronic media. For additional information, see the course syllabus or contact the department. This is a Pass/Fail course and will not count towards your concentration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEPARATION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"38243", path:"/courses/38243", description:"The design of industrial methods for separating mixtures. Distillation; liquid-liquid extraction; membranes; absorption. Computer simulations of the processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE ACQUISITION", number:"null", id:"37443", path:"/courses/37443", description:"An introduction to language acquisition in children and the development of related cognitive and perceptual systems. Topics include the nature of speech perception and the specialization to the native language; the structure and acquisition of words; children's phonology; the development of grammar; bilingualism and second language acquisition; language learning impairments; the biological basis of language acquisition; the role in language learning in language change. Intended for any undergraduate interested in the psychology and development of language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS", number:"null", id:"38024", path:"/courses/38024", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM MODERN HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"42918", path:"/courses/42918", description:"A continuation of HEBR 051, First Year Modern Hebrew, which assumes basic skills of reading and speaking and the use of the present tense. Open to all students who have completed one semester of Hebrew at Penn with a grade of B- or above and new students with equivalent competency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO-INORGANIC CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"38275", path:"/courses/38275", description:"The course covers selected topics in bioinorganic chemistry; special emphasis is placed on dioxygen chemistry and electron transfer processes. Course topics include: (i) oxygen uptake and utilization; (ii) diatomic oxygen trans port; (iii) diatomic and monoatomic oxygen incorporation into substrates; (iv) metalloenzyme-catalyzed C-C bond formation; (v) the metallobiochemistry of DNA; (vi) metal-sulfide proteins; (vii) manganese-containing metalloproteins; (viii) Photosystem II: light-driven electron transfer and the biological water-splitting reaction; (ix) biological electron transfer; (x) electron transfer theory; (xi) mechanisms of energy storage and release; and (xii) long-distance electron transfer reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY SOCIO THEOR", number:"null", id:"43496", path:"/courses/43496", description:"A review of theoretical perspectives developed since the second half of the 20th century. Includes micro-sociological perspectives of phenomenology, ethnomethodology, symbolic interactionism, and neo-Durkheimian interaction ritual theory; social behaviorism and exchange theory; neo-Weberian and neo-Marxian perspectives on power, conflict, and class; and attempts at synthesis by Habermas, Luhmann, and Giddens.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: SOCIAL PSYCH: OBEDIENCE", number:"null", id:"42003", path:"/courses/42003", description:"Social psychology explores how an individual's judgments and behaviors can be influenced or determined by others and their social context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISK MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40827", path:"/courses/40827", description:"This course introduces the concepts and techniques available to individuals, corporations, governments, and other organizations in their efforts to manage risk. The course explores how individuals and firms assess and evaluate risk, the tools available to successfully manage risk, and real-world frictions that limit the amount of risk-sharing in the economy. We focus on pure risks that are relevant for individuals and firms, such as mortality and health-related expenses, property damage, product liability, and employee benefits (e.g. pensions). The course examines a common set of techniques that can be used by individuals and managers in dealing with risk, including risk assumption, prevention, diversification, and transfer via insurance and non-insurance market mechanisms. Our focus is primarily on explaining the products and institutions that we see in the world, which will prepare students for making decisions in their future careers and lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"36273", path:"/courses/36273", description:"Supervised advanced psychiatric mental health nursing practice with children, adolescents and their families, or adults and/or older adults and their families in a variety of settings, depending on the subspeciality option selected. Refinement and development of clinical intervention with an increasingly diverse caseload. A minimum of 16 hours of practice and 3 hours of small group supervision is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET & WEB SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43914", path:"/courses/43914", description:"This course focuses on the challenges encountered in building Internet and web systems: scalability, interoperability (of data and code), security and fault tolerance, consistency models, and location of resources, services, and data. We will examine how XML standards enable information exchange; how web services support cross-platform interoperability (and what their limitations are); how to build high-performance application servers; how 'cloud computing' services work; how to perform Akamai-like content distribution; and how to provide transaction support in distributed environments. We will study techniques for locating machines, resources, and data (including directory systems, information retrieval indexing, ranking, and web search); and we will investigate how different architectures support scalability (and the issues they face). We will also examine ideas that have been proposed for tomorrow's Web, and we will see some of the challenges, research directions, and potential pitfalls. An important goal of the course is not simply to discuss issues and solutions, but to provide hands-on experience with a substantial implementation project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN ANATOMY & PHYSIOLOGY-PART B", number:"null", id:"41830", path:"/courses/41830", description:"The structural and functional organization of the human organism is presented, along with the fundementals of developmental anatomy and embtyology. Histologic and gross anatomical features of each organ system are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms which enable the human body to maintain homeostasis in an ever-changing environment. Basic concepts of pathophysiology are introduced and applied to certain clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATION II: MIDWIFERY INTEGRATION", number:"null", id:"37700", path:"/courses/37700", description:"Intensive integration of theory and clinical practice in women's health care with emphasis on intrapartum, postpartum, and newborn care. Clinical practice during the intrapartum and postpartum, teaching rounds, case presentations, and seminars with professional colleagues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACH DESIGN & MANUFACT", number:"null", id:"41700", path:"/courses/41700", description:"Building upon the fundamentals of mechanical design taught in MEAM 101, this hands-on, project-based course provides students with the knowledge and skills necessary to design, analyze, manufacture. and test fully-functional mechanical systems. Topics covered include an introduction to machine elements, analysis of the mechanics of machining, manufacturing technology, precision fabrication (milling, turning, and computer-controlled machining), metrology, tolerances, cutting-tool fundamentals and engineering materials. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS LITERARY THEORY: GLOBAL FEMINISMS", number:"null", id:"35675", path:"/courses/35675", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary theory intensively; specific course topics vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF SPORT", number:"null", id:"44750", path:"/courses/44750", description:"This is an introductory philosophy course that uses philosophical tools to understand and answer questions that arise in and about sports. Is there a principled basis for determining which methods of performance enhancement are acceptable? Developing a framework to answer this question will take us through: 1) questions about rules: what is their point in sports and what are appropriate reasons to change them; 2) questions about the point of participation in a sport; 3) questions about the kinds of virtues sports participants can demonstrate; and 4) questions about integrity of participants and a sport itself. A related set of questions concerns the appropriate competitors in sporting events: Should competition be restricted to single sex categories; Should competition be divided into disabled and non-disabled categories?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OCEANOGRAPHY: Oceanography: Oceans & Climate", number:"null", id:"35844", path:"/courses/35844", description:"The oceans cover over 2/3 of the Earth's surface. This course introduces basic oceanographic concepts such as plate tectonics, marine sediments, physical and chemical properties of seawater, ocean circulation, air-sea interactions, waves, tides, nutrient cycles in the ocean, biology of the oceans, and environmental issues related to the marine environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC PHYSIOL&CELL ENGR", number:"null", id:"39579", path:"/courses/39579", description:"This course explores physical biology of the cell across several length and timescales, while simultaneously emphasizing molecular specificity and clinical implications such as disease outcome or biomedical applications. The course emphasizes how the basic tools and insights of engineering, physics, chemistry, and mathematics combined with 'Big Data' can illuminate the study of molecular and cell biology to make predictive biomedical models and subject them to clinical validation. Drawing on key examples and seminal experiments from the current clinical literature, the course demonstrates how quantitative models can help refine our understanding of existing biological data and also be used to make useful clinical predictions. The course blends traditional models in cell biology with the quantitative approach typical in engineering, in order to introduce the student to both the possibilities and boundaries of the emerging field of physical systems biology. While teaching physical model building in cell biology through a practical, case-study approach, the course explores how quantitative modeling based on engineering principles can be used to build a more profound, intuitive understanding of cell biology. Lab modules will be embedded in the lectures and all labs will be in silico (or computational) in nature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPANDED DOCUMENTARY", number:"null", id:"42795", path:"/courses/42795", description:"The sites and situations of documentary in our culture have exploded exponentially - from standardized formulas (like reality tv), to social media and cross-platform journalism. In contemporary art, documentary practice has also significantly expanded and diversified. Since the early 2000's, with several influential exhibitions following Documenta XI, a new generation of artists have taken up the ambition of depicting our social reality, and have done so by re-engaging and re-inventing the documentary mode. This intermediate course will examine this vital contemporary field and will also offer students a comprehensive introduction to the history of documentary practice. We will investigate a series of key questions regarding the relation between politics and aesthetics, mediums and mobility, how documents function to both approximate and deny a sense of 'reality' and perhaps most importantly-what kinds of social, political or personal realities you want to propose in your artwork. The class will be driven by a series of studio assignments and practical experimentation. Although there will be an emphasis on photography and video, students will also explore a multiplicity of strategies and forms (including archival display, essayistic installation, image-text relationships, and the documentation of performance.)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SOCI RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"36509", path:"/courses/36509", description:"One of the defining characteristics of all the social sciences, including sociology, ia a commitment to empirical research as the basis for knowledge. This course is designed to provide you with a basic uderstanding of research in the social sciences and to enable you to think like a social scientist. Through this course students will learn both the logic of sociological inquiry and the nuts and bolts of doing empirical research. We will focus on such issues as the relationship between theory and research, the logic of research design, issues of conceptualization and measurement, basic methods of data collection, and what social scientists do with data once they have collected them. By the end of the course, students will have completed sociological research projects utilizing different empirical methods, be able to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of various research strategies, and read (with understanding) published accounts of social science research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE IV", number:"null", id:"43011", path:"/courses/43011", description:"Authentic materials and video clips will be used. The topics include culture and social issues in Japan.selected video materials. Kanji:reproduction-approx.550/recognitio-approx.750", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC QUALITY & OUTCOMES", number:"null", id:"35888", path:"/courses/35888", description:"This course will familiarize students with methods used to assess the quality of hospital or provider health care using outcomes data, and to understand and evaluate studies involving health care outcomes. Students are exposed to the mechanics of hospital quality evaluation and challenged to evaluate the medical and health services research literature on health care evaluation, as well as to make inferences regarding hospital quality and the comparison or rankings of hospitals or providers. Topics will include the history of health care outcomes analysis; the conceptual framework for outcome studies; consumer demand for information; an overview of medical data and data collection systems; a description of outcome statistics and severity adjstments currently in use; the study of excess variation in outcomes; and the use of guidelines to assess outcomes. By the end of the course, students will have developed a thorough appreciation of the current methods used by policy makers, researchers, and health care providers to evaluate medical outcomes, as well as those used by consumers to choose hospitals and providers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ORG CHEM: Principles of Organic Chemistry with applications in Biomedical sciences", number:"null", id:"42488", path:"/courses/42488", description:"This course is functionally equivalent to Chem 242 as the second term of introductory Organic Chemistry, placing the content in the context of biology and medicine. Topics include: 1) alkyl compounds, ethers, epoxides and sulfidesin lipids; 2) carboxylic acids and amines in amino acids; 3) aromatic compounds and heterocycles in nucleic acids; and 4) ketones and aidehydes in carbohydrates. The synthesis and mechanism of action of pharmaceuticals that feature these functional groups will also be discussed. Additionally, Chem 243 makes use of 3D structure tutorials, recitation sections and visits from biomedical scientists who make use of chemistry in their work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO-INORGANIC CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"42497", path:"/courses/42497", description:"The course covers selected topics in bioinorganic chemistry; special emphasis is placed on dioxygen chemistry and electron transfer processes. Course topics include: (i) oxygen uptake and utilization; (ii) diatomic oxygen trans port; (iii) diatomic and monoatomic oxygen incorporation into substrates; (iv) metalloenzyme-catalyzed C-C bond formation; (v) the metallobiochemistry of DNA; (vi) metal-sulfide proteins; (vii) manganese-containing metalloproteins; (viii) Photosystem II: light-driven electron transfer and the biological water-splitting reaction; (ix) biological electron transfer; (x) electron transfer theory; (xi) mechanisms of energy storage and release; and (xii) long-distance electron transfer reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Critical Approaches to Popular Culture", number:"null", id:"36972", path:"/courses/36972", description:"Popular culture has been variously dismissed as mere trivia, 'just entertainment;' it has been condemned as propaganda, a tool of mass deception; and its consumers have been dubbed fashion victims and couch potatoes. This course considers these critiques, as well as those that suggest that popular culture offers valuable material for the study of social life. We will consider the meanings and impact of popular culture, including its effects on how we see ourselves, others, and American life; who makes distinctions between high, middlebrow, and low or mass culture; and how power and resistance structure the production and consumption of popular texts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"41360", path:"/courses/41360", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the course will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATURE'S NATION:: Nature's Nation: Americans and Their Environment", number:"null", id:"43557", path:"/courses/43557", description:"The United States is 'nature's nation.' Blessed with an enormous, resource-rich geographically diverse and sparsely settled territory, Americans have long seen 'nature' as central to their identity, prosperity, politics and power, and have transformed their natural environment accordingly. But what does it mean to be 'nature's nation? This course describes and explores how American 'nature' has changed over time. How and why has American nature changed over the last four centuries? What have Americans believed about the nation's nature, what have they known about the environment, how did they know it and how have they acted on beliefs and knowledge? What didn't or don't they know? How have political institutions, economic arrangements, social groups and cultural values shaped attitudes and policies? How have natural actors (such landscape features, weather events, plants, animals, microorganisms) played roles in national history? In addition to exploring the history of American nature, we will look for the nature in American history. Where is 'nature' in some of the key events of American history that may not, on the surface, appear to be 'environmental?'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"45139", path:"/courses/45139", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL PRACTICUM: PRIMARY CARE WITH YOUNG FAMILIES", number:"null", id:"43262", path:"/courses/43262", description:"Management and evaluation of primary care problems of children in a variety of ambulatory settings. Opportunity to implement the role of nurse practitioner with children and their families in the community occurs under the guidance of faculty and experienced preceptors. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals and groups is stressed. Collaborative, interdisciplinary practice is emphasized as students assess and manage common problems in consultation with an appropriate provider of care. 20 hours a week of clinical experience with a preceptor is arranged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED VIETNAMESE II", number:"null", id:"38075", path:"/courses/38075", description:"This is the continuation course to ALAN 210 680 Interm Vietnamese I. Instruction includes reading, writing, speaking and listening through the use of Conversational Vietnamese textbook, other media,and through students participation in various classroom activities. Learners will also acquaint themselves with Vietnamese culture through lesson content and supplementary course materials. By the end of the course students should be able to further their knowledge of reading and writing skills, enhance their conversation skills, and read and write short narratives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1000 YRS MUSICAL LISTENG", number:"null", id:"38996", path:"/courses/38996", description:"We know that we like music and that it moves us, yet it is often difficult to pinpoint exactly why, and harder still to explain what it is we are hearing. This course takes on those issues. It aims to introduce you to a variety of music, and a range of ways of thinking, talking and writing about music. The majority of music dealt with will be drawn from the so-called 'Classical' repertory, from the medieval period to the present day, including some of the 'greats' such as Handel, Beethoven, Mozart, Berlioz, and Verdi, but will also introduce you to music you will most likely never have encountered before. This course will explore the technical workings of music and the vocabularies for analyzing music and articulating a response to it; it also examines music as a cultural phenomenon, considering what music has meant for different people, from different societies across the ages and across geographical boundaries. As well as learning to listen ourselves, we will also engage with a history of listening. No prior musical knowledge is required. (Formerly Music 021)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - SEMINAR IN PRIVATE EQUITY", number:"null", id:"42835", path:"/courses/42835", description:"This course will be a survey of the private equity asset class. Its objective is to provide an understanding of the concepts, agents, and institutions involved in the late stage corporate private equity market in the U.S. and around the globe. It will examine the buyout market and the activities of buyout funds from the differing perspectives of private equity investors, private equity fund sponsors, and managers of the portfolio companies. The course will be taught almost entirely with cases. Distinguished Wharton alumni in the private equity industry will be our guest speakers for many of the cases based on transactions they concluded. While this course is primarily intended for graduate students, admission may be granted to a limited number of interested undergraduate students. PLEASE NOTE: this course may be recorded for live or subsequent distribution, display, broadcast, or commercialization in any media, including video, audio, or electronic media. For additional information, see the course syllabus or contact the department. This is a Pass/Fail course and will not count towards your concentration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"38620", path:"/courses/38620", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN GREEK/ROM ART: Late Antique Art and Artifact", number:"null", id:"42375", path:"/courses/42375", description:"Topics Varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR CULTURAL PSYCH", number:"null", id:"45301", path:"/courses/45301", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS:MECH,HEAT,SOUND", number:"null", id:"44771", path:"/courses/44771", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of motion, including kinematics, forces in nature, Newton's laws of motion, conservation of energy and momentum, fluid statics and dynamics, oscillations, and waves. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 101 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLVING NURSING SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44695", path:"/courses/44695", description:"A consideration of contemporary nursing research as it pertains to the current state of the art and directions for future study. Advanced analysis of methodology, assumptions, and theoretical structures that underpin the work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CANCER CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36834", path:"/courses/36834", description:"This course will focus on the molecular mechanisms by which fundamental cellular processes are disrupted in the development of cancer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MCS PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"40276", path:"/courses/40276", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTROMAGNETISM I", number:"null", id:"37772", path:"/courses/37772", description:"An intermediate course. Electrostatic fields and potentials, dielectrics, and direct currents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YIDDISH II", number:"null", id:"39464", path:"/courses/39464", description:"Continuation of GRMN 403. Emphasis on reading texts and conversation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38314", path:"/courses/38314", description:"The goal of this course is to teach you how a computer really works. We begin by discussing transistors, the basic switching elements that constitute modern computers. We then describe how these transistors can be aggregated into more complex units like gates and ALUs and ultimately datapaths that perform computation. Once we have described how we can build a computer we will move on to talking about assembly language and how the computer is programmed at the lowest level. We will spend the second half of the course talking about the C programming language and how the features of this language are mapped onto the lower level assembly constructs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"44839", path:"/courses/44839", description:"This course will examine the theoretical, historical and political foundations of contemporary human rights debates. The course will cover not only broad conceptual issues, but also specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights, business and human rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge and diffuse in the international arena. The course is open to students in the Master of Liberal Arts Program, as well as students who are actively pursuing the Graduate Certificate in Interdisciplinary Studies in Global Human Rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXT ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"42181", path:"/courses/42181", description:"This course introduces methods for the analysis of unstructured data, focusing on statistical models for text. Techniques include those for sentiment analysis, topic models, and predictive analytics. Course includes topics from natural language processing (NLP), such as identifying parts of speech, parsing sentences (e.g., subject and predicate), and named entity recognition (people and places). Unsupervised techniques suited to feature creation provide variables suited to traditional statistical models (regression) and more recent approaches (regression trees). Examples that span the course illustrate the success of text analytics. Hierarchical generating models often associated with nonparametric Bayesian analysis supply theoretical foundations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF THE UNIVERSE", number:"null", id:"36776", path:"/courses/36776", description:"A general survey, designed for the non-major, of the facts and theories of the astronomical universe, from solar system, to stars, to galaxies and cosmology. Topics include planets, satellites, small objects in the solar system, and extraterrestrial life; stars, their evolution, and their final state as white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes; galaxies, quasars, large structures, background radiation, and big bang cosmology. Elementary algebra and geometry will be used. This course is not recommended for physical-science majors or engineering students. Engineering students receive no credit for this course. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I", number:"null", id:"39176", path:"/courses/39176", description:"This calculus-based course is recommended for science majors and engineering students. Classical laws of motion; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 150 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUDITING", number:"null", id:"36665", path:"/courses/36665", description:"This course includes a consideration of the historical role of the auditor and the changing role in today's environment, the organization of the accounting profession, and the new influences of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. It introduces the students to generally accepted auditing standards, professional ethics, and legal liability. A conceptual theory of auditing is discussed and practical examples of auditing techniques and work programs are used to illustrate the application of the theory. The course also covers the auditor's reporting standards and uses case studies and professional journal articles as bases for discussion and analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN HSOC: MEDICAL GENETICS", number:"null", id:"43630", path:"/courses/43630", description:"What stories do sick bodies tell? What do stories of suffering do for those who choose to listen? In this seminar, we will read Arthur Frank's The Wounded Storyteller: Body, Illness, and Ethics as a means of examining the role of storytelling in the lives of those who are ill. Following Frank's work gathering and analyzing the stories of people with cancer, chronic illness, and disability, we will ask questions about the ethics of suffering and the power of storytelling in everyday life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIGH RISK NEONATAL THEORY I", number:"null", id:"44688", path:"/courses/44688", description:"This course focuses on the care of high-risk neonates within the context of the family unit. The biological and psychosocial aspects are studied as a basis for nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on the role of the Advanced Practice nurse in improving services to high-risk neonates with the purpose of decreasing mortality and morbidity rates and improving the quality of life of high-risk newborns and infants.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URDU POETRY IN TRNSLTN: URDU POETRY IN TRANSLATION: POETRY OF RESISTANCE, I AM TRUTH - ANUL HAQ", number:"null", id:"42232", path:"/courses/42232", description:"This course will look at Urdu-Hindi expressions of resistance to militant fundamentalism trends, as well as literature resisting the influence of liberal progressive thought. Through comparisons of these divergent trends, we will explore the real inersections, comfortable comprises and contradictions that are internalized by people on the ground in developing societies. The historical and linguistic roots of resistance poetry will be studied, contrasting South Asian Urdu-Hindi poetry and prose (original and translated) with resistance movements from other parts of the world. This course provides students with the opportunity to deepen their knowledge of Urdu culture, literature, and society while expanding and refining their Urdu language skills. We will explore various social, political, and cultural issues through authentic sources such as journalism and media, prose literature and poetry, and film and music. The course is designed to be flexible to address students' needs and interests. It targets students with two years of Urdu study or the equivalent proficiency.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Voices & Texts: Music, Literature & Culture in Modern & Contemporary Spain", number:"null", id:"37938", path:"/courses/37938", description:"This course covers topics in contemporary Spanish Culture, its specific emphasis varying with the instructor. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the course description: course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"43296", path:"/courses/43296", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMERICAN COMMUNITIES & POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43752", path:"/courses/43752", description:"Topics vary. Please see our website for more current information: asam.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"39839", path:"/courses/39839", description:"In this course we will use the tools of microeconomics to analyze the functioning of the health care system. We will draw from the sub-disciplines of information economics, industrial organization, labor economics, public economics, and behavioral economics. The primary goal is to use these tools to develop a critical analysis of the functioning of the health care system as well as of the policies aimed at improving it. We will learn about US specific institutional details and policies (most notably the Affordable Care Act), and we will compare them to other important international experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modern China: the People's Republic of China 1949-", number:"null", id:"35943", path:"/courses/35943", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RTS&GLOBALIZATION", number:"null", id:"43040", path:"/courses/43040", description:"The 2000 UN Global Compact has confirmed the role of TNCs as central actors in the UN system of international human rights law, but whether their role should be voluntary or legally mandated remains in dispute. This course introduces students to how globalization has led to projects for expanding international human rights law to capture the operations of TNCs and why this development is opposed in many quarters. Competing perspectives on the pros and cons of imposing human rights responsibilities on TNCs and on the respective roles that businesses and governments should play will be examined. The Positions of various governments, businesses, international institutions, academics, and NGOs will be considered, and a number of illustrative case studies will be analyzed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"38644", path:"/courses/38644", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35510", path:"/courses/35510", description:"This course provides an introduction to fundamental concepts of distributed systems, and the design principles for building large scale computational systems. Topics covered include communication, concurrency, programming paradigms, naming, managing shared state, caching, synchronization, reaching agreement, fault tolerance, security, middleware, and distributed applications. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING DOCTORAL TEACHING RESIDENCY: LAKE", number:"null", id:"41920", path:"/courses/41920", description:"The purpose of this required one semester teaching residency is to enhance the expertise of students in the role of educator. The residency will be tailored to the student's individual learning needs. At the minimum, students with no or minimal prior teaching experience will gain a beginning level of expertise in course planning, course evaluation, dealing with difficult student situations, test construction, paper assignment construction and grading, content delivery methods, as well as other aspects of the faculty teaching role. Students with more extensive teaching experience will tailor their residences with their residency supervisor to enhance their expertise in these various areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS II", number:"null", id:"39105", path:"/courses/39105", description:"This online didactic course, designed for the practicing nurse practitioners or clinical nurse specialists seeking to gain knowledge and skills relative to care of adult gerontology acute care patients, focuses on the medical and surgical issues of the neurological, renal, gastrointestinal, hematological, oncologic and orthopedic systems. This course examines the epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based, interprofessional team approach to the nursing and medical management of patients is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF EMBEDDED SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38331", path:"/courses/38331", description:"This course is focused on principles underlying design and analysis of computational elements that interact with the physical environment. Increasingly, such embedded computers are everywhere, from smart cameras to medical devices to automobiles. While the classical theory of computation focuses on the function that a program computes, to understand embedded computation, we need to focus on the reactive nature of the interaction of a component with its environment via inputs and outputs, the continuous dynamics of the physical world, different ways of communication among components, and requirements concerning safety, timeliness, stability, and performance. Developing tools for approaching design, analysis, and implementation of embedded systems in a principled manner is an active research area. This course will attempt to give students a coherent introduction to this emerging area. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"36066", path:"/courses/36066", description:"Syllabus for MATH 360-361: a study of the foundations of the differential and integral calculus, including the real numbers and elementary topology, continuous and differentiable functions, uniform convergence of series of functions, and inverse and implicit function theorems. MATH 508-509 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC PHOT ELECTR DEV", number:"null", id:"39926", path:"/courses/39926", description:"This first course in electronic, photonic and electromechanical devices introduces students to the design, physics and operation of physical devices found in today's applications. The course describes semiconductor electronic and optoelectronic devices, including light-emitting diodes, photodetectors, photovoltaics, transistors and memory; optical and electromagnetic devices, such as waveguides, fibers, transmission lines, antennas, gratings, and imaging devices; and electromechamical actuators, sensors, transducers, machines and systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART AND BUSINESS OF FILM", number:"null", id:"42523", path:"/courses/42523", description:"The course will explore how a screenplay is conceptualized and developed, the role of agency relationships in the film business, and - casting as wide a net as possible - the financing, production, direction, distribution, exhibition and marketing of both independent and studio films. A combination of lectures by instructors and practitioners, case studies, film screenings, and consulting projects with independent and Hollywood creators, packagers, financiers, exhibitors, distributors and publicists will illustrate the relationship between the art of film and the business of film. Guests will include screenwriters, agents, producers, directors, distributors, film festival curators and film critics. In short, we will try to cover all aspects of making a film, and explore that often-tricky intersection of art and commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES DRUG ACTION", number:"null", id:"41056", path:"/courses/41056", description:"Principles of Drug Action covers the concepts of pharmacological sciences as they relate to biochemistry, cell biology, and drug therapy. The intent of the course is to provide a solid grounding in targets of drug action, dose-response relationships, pharmacodynamics, and pharmacokinetics. The grounding is achieved by a discussion of these concepts explicitly and, through selected examples, implicitly. The first part of the course covers each of the concepts. Emphasis is placed on the integration with principles of cell biology and biochemistry. The second part of the course covers selected therapeutic applications. The applications chosen fall within four areas: cardiovascular, brain and behavior, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial. They are used to recapitulate important concepts and provide insight into the interplay between pharmacology and human physiology. The applications and the areas they represent are by no means comprehensive, but students will be able to pursue additional interests through papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PIRATES, SINNERS, AND CASTAWAYS:  LITERATURE FROM THE OTHER ATLANTIC", number:"null", id:"38493", path:"/courses/38493", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-Century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENRSHP: Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship", number:"null", id:"37426", path:"/courses/37426", description:"Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical and intensive course that examines the critical legal and transactional issues confronting start-up and emerging growth companies. Although the context of the course is early stage companies, many of the concepts studied are equally applicable to more mature, established companies. The course provides perspective on how to use the law strategically to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize shareholder value. Topics include the enforceability of confidentiality, non-competition and other restrictive covenants in employment agreements; choice of business form including the legal, financial and tax advantages and disadvantages of general partnerships, limited partnerships, corporations and limited liability companies; tax and securities law; legal aspects of raising capital including structuring venture capital and private equity financing; entrepreneurial acquisition structures, employment law, and intellectual property law including trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks. 

Format: Lecture and discussion with coverage of legal cases and materials. Requirements: Class participation, midterm and final exam. Materials: Course pack.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PC CLIN PRAC:COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"36261", path:"/courses/36261", description:"The focus of this course is the application of concepts presented in the Complex Diagnosis and Management of Adults Across the Lifespan (NURS 648) including initial workups of new patients, and the evaluation and management of patients with self-limiting acute problems, or stable chronic illnesses. Students will gain increased clinical expertise in a variety of community-based clinical settings including but not limited to health maintenance organizations, community clinics, long term care, assisted living, continuing care retirement communities, occupational health settings, and private practice. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, applying epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care for adults across the lifespan with health maintenance needs, and/or common acute and chronic health problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN HISTORY & CIV", number:"null", id:"43995", path:"/courses/43995", description:"This graduate-level seminar focuses on the political, social, and cultural history of the Korean Peninsula and the vicinity from early times to the contemporary era. Readings will consist of primary and secondary sources, including influential modern studies of Korean history and civilization. All course materials are in English and no knowledge of Korean is presumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI OF SEX & SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"44279", path:"/courses/44279", description:"While sexual and gender diversity have been consisten features in most cultures throughout history, how such gender and sexual based discussion have been articulated, understood, condoned, or condemned has varied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CLASS CHINESE THGT", number:"null", id:"35578", path:"/courses/35578", description:"This course is intended as an introduction to the foundational thinkers of Chinese civilization, who flourished from the fifth to the second centuries B.C. No knowledge of Chinese is presumed, and there are no prerequisites, although EALC 001 (Introduction to Chinese Civilization) is recommended. Graduate students may take this course as EALC 531 and should see the instructor to discuss requirements for graduate credit. (Undergraduates must enroll in the courses as EALC 131.)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZING EAST ASIA", number:"null", id:"35284", path:"/courses/35284", description:"This course explores the changing culture and society of China, South Korea, and Japan and analyzes the reactions of ordinary people to these changes. Our course discussion begins with a critical investigation into traditional societies based on patriarchy, Confucian ethics, and subsistence agriculture and how they have changed since their initial encounters with expanding global capitalism. This course then examines how the recently intensifying transnational movements of capital, commodities, people, and 'cultures' have created particular cultural and societal forms in the region. Drawing on ethnographic, historical, and political literature about the three countries, students can understand how the particular culture and economy of each country has contributed to creating different paths of their historical-cultural transformations. Our topics include: changes in traditional families and gender roles, international wars and massive modernization movements; corporate culture and its local variations; domestic and international labor migration and the conditions of migrant workers; international marriages and transnational flow of brides; US-based fast food restaurants and food crisis; emerging consumerism and commodification of childhood; 'odorless' Japanese cultural products and their popularity in Asian countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FAB & CHAR NANO DEVICES", number:"null", id:"38985", path:"/courses/38985", description:"This course surveys various processes that are used to produce materials structured at the micron and nanometer scales for electronic, optical and chemical applications. Basic principles of chemistry, physics, thermodynamics and surface/interfacial science are applied to solid state, liquid, and colloidal approaches to making materials. The approaches to nano- and microfabrication: photolithography, soft lithography, nanoimprint lithography, 3D printing and self-assembly, are covered. The course is heavily lab based, with 25% of class time and 30% of the homework devoted to hands on experiences. Lab assignments are a series of structured individual/group projects. Evaluation is based on 3-4 lab reports, 4 problem sets with journal paper reading assignment, and a final project design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF RETAILING", number:"null", id:"38965", path:"/courses/38965", description:"This course provides an interdisciplinary overview of the retailing industry. Primary focus will be on the customer facing activities of retailers, including assortment planning, private-label development and the management of in-store operations, and the back-door activities (forecasting and supply chain management) that support customer interaction. In addition, current issues facing retailers, such as customer relationship management, industry consolidation and supplier relations, will be explored. The course will also survey topics in finance, operations, information technology and real estate as they relate to retail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS IN MEDIEVAL/REN ART: ART, POLITICS, AND POWER IN LATE MEDIEVAL AND RENAISSANCE FRANCE", number:"null", id:"43741", path:"/courses/43741", description:"Fall 2018: This course is designed to introduce students of both the digital humanities and manuscript studies to the concepts and realities of working with medieval manuscripts in the twenty-first century. Through the course, students and faculty will examine materials from the collections of the Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books, and Manuscripts, as well as digitized versions of those materials and others. ?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"40256", path:"/courses/40256", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying real and complex numbers, sequences, series, continuity, differentiability and integrability. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFORMATION AGE", number:"null", id:"44980", path:"/courses/44980", description:"Certain new technologies are greeted with claims that, for good or ill, they must transform our society. The two most recent: the computer and the Internet. But the series of social, economic and technological developments that underlie what is often called the Information Revolution include much more than just the computer. In this course, we explore the history of information technology and its role in contemporary society. We will explore both the technologies themselves--calculating machines, punched card tabulators, telegraph and telephone networks, differential analyzers, digital computers, and many others--and their larger social, economic and political contexts. To understand the roots of these ideas we look at the prehistory of the computer, at the idea of the post-industrial or information society, at parallels with earlier technologies and at broad historical currents in the United States and the world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE URDU I", number:"null", id:"38012", path:"/courses/38012", description:"This course allows students to continue improving their Urdu proficiency while also gaining a broad foundational understanding of Urdu society and culture throughout South Asia. The course provides students the tols needed to handle a variety of authentic written and spoken Urdu sources including film, music, media reports, folk tales, and simple literature. Student will also continue to increase their speaking and writing proficiency to be able to discuss a broad range of concrete, real-world topics. The course is designed for students with one year previous Urdu or Hindi study or the equivalent proficiency. Students with speaking ability in Urdu or Hindi but without reading/writing skills are encouraged to contact the instructor for placement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICRO AND NANO FLUIDICS", number:"null", id:"37506", path:"/courses/37506", description:"The course focuses on topics relevant for micro-fluidics, lab on chip technology, point of care diagnostics, nano-technology, biosensing, and interfacial phenomena. Although we will discuss briefly the fabrication of micro and nano fluidic devices, the course will mostly focus on physical phenomena from the continuum point of view. The mathematical complexity will be kept to a minimum. The course will be reasonably self-contained, and any necessary background material will be provided, consistent with the students' background and level of preparation. 

Specifically, we will examine fluid and nanoparticle transport under the action of pressure, electric, magnetic, and capillary forces; the structure and role of superhydrophobic surfaces; how the solid/liquid interface acquires electric charge; ion transport in electrolytes (Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations); colloid stability; electroosmosis, electrophoresis, and particle polarization; electrowetting and digital microfluidics; particle and cell sorting; immunoassays; and enzymatic amplification of nucleic acids.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH IN PPE", number:"null", id:"44793", path:"/courses/44793", description:"Led by postdoctoral fellows in the Philosophy, Politics and Economics program, this course teaches students how to conduct research in PPE with an emphasis on creating a well-formed research question, determining what kinds of data or scholarly research bears on that question, and how to carry out an interdisciplinary, research-driven project on that question.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Business German: A Micro Perspective", number:"null", id:"35869", path:"/courses/35869", description:"This course is designed to enhance your speaking, reading and writing skills, in addition to helping you build a strong foundation in business vocabulary. Course objectives include acquiring skills in cross cultural communication, teamwork, business management, and creating a business plan. German grammar will be covered on a need be basis. This course will prepare you to perform and contribute while in a German-speaking business environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LDERSHP & COMMUN IN GRPS", number:"null", id:"44496", path:"/courses/44496", description:"Through the process of action, reflection, and experimentation, and application, MGMT 100 aims to develop your leadership, teamwork, and communication skills. The course provides many occasions to strengthen your ability to exercise leadership through service, to speak and write persuasively, and to work collaboratively with a diverse group of individuals. Through the course of the term, you will have a heightened sense of your individual strengths and opportunities for growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WARNING! GRAPHIC CONTENT", number:"null", id:"42588", path:"/courses/42588", description:"This course examines the past, present and future of political cartooning, underground comix, graphic journalism and protest art, exploring the purpose and significance of image-based communication as an unparalleled propagator of both noble and nefarious idea. The work presented will be chosen for its unique ability to demonstrate the inflammatory effect of weaponized visual jokes, uncensored commentary and critical thinking on a society so often perplexed by artistic free expression and radicalized creative candor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTER'S THESIS RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"39591", path:"/courses/39591", description:"For students working on an advanced research program leading to the completion of master's thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN&DEVEL", number:"null", id:"40501", path:"/courses/40501", description:"The course provides the student with a number of tools and concepts necessary for creating and managing product development processes.The course consists of two interwoven parts. First, it presents the basic steps that are necessary for moving from a 'cool idea' to a product sufficiently mature to launch an entrepreneurial start-up. This includes cases, lectures, and exercises on topics like identifying customer needs, developing a product concept as well as effective prototyping strategies. The capstone of this first part is a real project in which student teams conceptualize and develop a new product or service up to the completion of a fully functional prototype.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN IN MODERN S. ASIA", number:"null", id:"44913", path:"/courses/44913", description:"This course on women in modern South Asian history has three objectives: 1.To gain an understanding of evolving institutions and practices shaping women's lives: especially the family, law, and religious traditions. 2. To understand the impact of historical processes-- the formation and breakdown of empire, colonialism, nationalism, and decolonization--upon South Asian women between the sixteenth and twentieth centuries. 3. To aquaint ourselves with the historiography on South Asian women. We will read primary sources, as well as familiarize ourselves with the histiorgraphy of women, religion, and colonial modernity in South Asia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Where the Wild Things Play Quidditch: Writing for Children", number:"null", id:"41295", path:"/courses/41295", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"44761", path:"/courses/44761", description:"This course provides an overview of 20th century analytic philosophy of language. Questions we will ask may include: How do words refer? How do they combine to express thoughts? How do words relate to ocncepts or to thoughts more generally? What do words and sentences mean? How do we use them to communicate with each other? How does word and sentence meaning depend on the contexts in which they are spoken or heard, or on stable features of environments of linguistic speakers?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT COMPUTING WITH R: Statistical Computing with R", number:"null", id:"40872", path:"/courses/40872", description:"The goal of this course is to introduce students to the R programming language and related eco-system. This course will provide a skill-set that is in demand in both the research and business environments. In addition, R is a platform that is used and required in other advanced classes taught at Wharton, so that this class will prepare students for these higher level classes and electives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSIOLOGY MOTIVATED BEH", number:"null", id:"42040", path:"/courses/42040", description:"This course focuses on evaluating the experiments that have sought to establish links between brain structure (the activity of specific brain circuits) and behavioral function (the control of particular motivated and emotional behaviors). Students are exposed to concepts from regulatory physiology, systems neuroscience, pharmacology, and endocrinology and read textbook as well as original source materials. The course focuses on the following behaviors: feeding, sex, fear, anxiety, the appetite for salt, and food aversion. The course also considers the neurochemical control of responses with an eye towards evaluating the development of drug treatments for: obesity, anorexia/cachexia, vomiting, sexual dysfunction, anxiety disorders, and depression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL METROPOLIS", number:"null", id:"40771", path:"/courses/40771", description:"Although we no longer think of most U.S. cities as industrial cities, metropolitan areas today are all products of industrial economies, technologies, and social systems. This course explores the industrialization and deindustrialization of American cities within their evolving global context from the era of European colonization to the present. It includes weekly readings and discussion, regular response papers and walking tours, in- class exercises, and a research paper using primary sources. Themes include energy and ecology, labor and production, inner city and suburban development, globalization, and economic restructuring. Ultimately, the class aims to give students a broad knowledge of 1) the history of industrial capitalism, 2) its effects on cities and regions over the past three centuries, and 3) analytical tools for understanding the past, present, and future of metropolitan economies, geography, and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"43783", path:"/courses/43783", description:"This course will introduce you to 'managerial economics' which is the application of microeconomic theory to managerial decision-making. Microeconomic theory is a remarkably useful body of ideas for understanding and analyzing the behavior of individuals and firms in a variety of economic settings. The goal of the course is for you to understand this body of theory well enough so that you can effectively analyze managerial (and other) problems in an economic framework. While this is a 'tools' course, we will cover many real-world applications, particularly business applications, so that you can witness the usefulness of these tools and acquire the skills to use them yourself. We will depart from the usual microeconomic theory course by giving more emphasis to prescription: What should a manager do in order to achieve some objective? That course deliverable is to compared with description: Why do firms and consumers act the way they do? The latter will still be quite prominent in this course because only by understanding how other firms and customers behave can a manager determin what is best for him or her to do.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPACT INVESTING", number:"null", id:"35786", path:"/courses/35786", description:"This course explores Impact Investing, a discipline that seeks to generate social benefits as well as financial returns. From tiny beginnings, the Impact Investment space has expanded and now commands significant attention from policymakers, wealthy and public-spirited individuals, academia and, not least, the world's largest asset managers and philanthropic foundations. Evangelists believe it may be the key to freeing the world from poverty. Skeptics think it will remain confined to the boutique. Regardless, Impact Investing is becoming a distinct career specialization for finance professionals despite the diverse skillset each must have and the uncertainty of the new field's growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTS AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"40162", path:"/courses/40162", description:"Do classrooms' fluorescent lights give you headaches? Have you ever felt invigorated by a mountain's breeze? Have you ever sought to get a 'healthy' tan at the beach? Throughout history people have attributed their health -- good and bad-- to their physical surroundings. In this class we will explore how medical professionals, scientists and the general population have historically understood the ways in which the environment impacts different people, in different places, in different ways. We will interrogate medical theories that underpinned popular practices, like health tourism, public health campaigns, and colonial medical programs. We will also consider how people constructed and understood the physical environment, including farms and factories, cemeteries and cities, to be healthy or not. This course is designed to foster a collaborative atmosphere in which students will complete an original research paper through critical reading and step-wise assignments that will culminate in a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BUSINESS ECONOM", number:"null", id:"36797", path:"/courses/36797", description:"This course explores the economics and politics of public policy to provide an analytic framework for considering why, how, and with what success/failure government intervenes in a variety of policy areas. Particular attention will be paid to important policy issues relating to taxation, social security, low-income assistance, health insurance, education (both K-12 and higher ed), the environment, and government deficits. The costs and benefits of alternative policies will be explored along with the distribution of responsibilities between the federal, state and local governments. While the course will focus primarily on U.S. policies, the topics covered (e.g. tax reform, deficits versus austerity, etc.) are currently at the center of the policy debate in many other industrialized countries as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PRACTICE NURSING PRACTICE: PSYCHIATRIC MENTAL HEALTH NP I", number:"null", id:"40468", path:"/courses/40468", description:"Supervised advanced psychiatric mental health nursing practice with children, adolescents and their families, or adults and/or older adults and their families in a variety of settings, depending on the subspecialty option selected. Focus is on clinical assessment/diagnosis and decision-making. A minimum of 16 hours of practice and 3 hours of small group supervision is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRAIN-COMPUTER INTERFACE", number:"null", id:"38172", path:"/courses/38172", description:"The course is geared to advanced undergraduate and graduate students interested in understanding the basics ofimplantable neuro-devices, their design, practical implementation, approval, and use. Reading will cover the basics of neuro signals, recording, analysis, classification, modulation, and fundamental principals of Brain-Machine Interfaces. The course will be based upon twice weekly lectures and 'hands-on' weekly assignments that teach basic signal recording, feature extraction, classification and practical implementation in clinical systems. Assignments will build incrementally toward constructing a complete, functional BMI system. Fundamental concepts in neurosignals, hardware and software will be reinforced by practical examples and in-depth study. Guest lecturers and demonstrations will supplement regular lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERARY GENRES: COMICS & GRAPHIC NOVELS", number:"null", id:"35638", path:"/courses/35638", description:"An introduction to literary study through a genre, either the short story or poetry. Versions of this course will vary widely in the selection of texts assigned. Some versions will begin with traditional stories or poems, including a sampling of works in translation. Others will focus exclusively on modern and contemporary American short fiction or poetry. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIC SCHOLARS PROSEMINAR", number:"null", id:"45011", path:"/courses/45011", description:"The Civic Scholars Proseminar is the gateway, interdisciplinary course for first-year students in the Penn Civic Scholars Program, a four-year certificate program integrating scholarship and civic engagement. The course, open only to first-year Civic Scholars, provides context for students' future engagement, academic work, and program participation throughout their undergraduate experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CITY PLANNING: PLANNING URBAN SPACES", number:"null", id:"45017", path:"/courses/45017", description:"This course will provide a general introduction to the concepts and practice of city planning. Topics to be discussed include: the process and nature of planning - theories, methods and roles as manifested in practice; history and trends in city planning; functional planning practice; planning within constraints--a field project; planning in the international arena; present crisis in planning.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERM VIETNAMESE I", number:"null", id:"40911", path:"/courses/40911", description:"A continuation of ALAN 110, the written and spoken language of Vietnam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMER BEHAVIOR", number:"null", id:"44539", path:"/courses/44539", description:"This course is concerned with how and why people behave as consumers. Its goals are to: (1) provide conceptual understanding of consumer behavior, (2) provide experience in the application of buyer behavior concepts to marketing management decisions and social policy decision-making; and (3) to develop analytical capability in using behavioral research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU I", number:"null", id:"39482", path:"/courses/39482", description:"The elementary Zulu I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on South Africa, Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A PERIOD: 20 C. AMERICAN FICTION", number:"null", id:"37062", path:"/courses/37062", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through a survey of works from a specific historical period. (For offerings in a given semester, please see the on-line course descriptions on the English Department website.) Some versions will begin with traditional stories or poems, including a sampling of works in translation. Others will focus exclusively on modern and contemporary American short fiction or poetry. This course is designed or the General Requirement, and is ideal for students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHYS: TIME TRAVEL", number:"null", id:"45073", path:"/courses/45073", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Physics, the study of the nature and properties of matter and energy. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC DETERMINANTS HLTH: Social Determinants of Health", number:"null", id:"42973", path:"/courses/42973", description:"Over the last century, we have witnessed dramatic historical change in population health, e.g. rising numbeers of obese Americans and dramatic declines in death from stomach cancer. There has also been highly visible social patterning of health and disease, such as socio-economic disparities in AIDS, substance abuse, and asthma in the U.S. to day or the association of breat cancer with affluence around the world. This course will explore the way researchers and others in past and present have tried to make sense of these patterns and do something about them. The course is historical and sociological. We will examine evidence and theories about how poverty, affluence and other social factors influence health AND we will examine how social and historical forces shape the ways in which health and disease are understood.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data and Analysis for Marketing Decisions", number:"null", id:"37556", path:"/courses/37556", description:"Firms have access to detailed data of customers and past marketing actions. Such data may include in-store and online customer transactions, customer surveys as well as prices and advertising. Using real-world applications from various industries, the goal of the course is to familiarize students with several types of managerial problems as well as data sources and techniques, commonly employed in making effective marketing decisions. The course would involve formulating critical managerial problems, developing relevant hypotheses, analyzing data and, most importantly, drawing inferences and telling convincing narratives, with a view of yielding actionable results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & SOCIETIES", number:"null", id:"35951", path:"/courses/35951", description:"'Two fundamental questions structure this course: (1)What kinds of factors shape population health in various parts of the world in the twenty-first century? and (2)What kinds of intellectual tools are necessary in order to study global health? Grasping the deeper 'socialness' of health and health care in a variety of cultures and time periods requires a sustained interdisciplinary approach. 'Health and Societies: Global Perspectives' blends the methods of history, sociology, anthropology and related disciplines in order to expose the layers of causation and meaning beneath what we often see as straightforward, common-sense responses to bioloogical phenomena. Assignments throughout the semester provide a hands-on introduction to researchstrageties in these core disciplines. The course culminates with pragmatic, student-led assessments of global health policies designed to identify creative and cost effective solutions to the most persistent health problems in the world today.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF PHYSICS", number:"null", id:"40539", path:"/courses/40539", description:"This self-contained course (presupposing no substantive prior background in philosophy nor any extensive knowledge of science) provides an advanced introduction to the central philosophical questions concerning the nature of scientific knowledge and its relation to experience, and the metaphysical assumptions underlying the natural sciences. Topics to be covered include: science versus pseudoscience, laws of nature, causation, determinism and randomness, theories and models in science, scientific explanation, underdetermination of theories by observation and measurement, realism and antirealism, reductionism and intertheory relations, objectivity and value judgments in science, hypothesis testing and confirmation of scientific theories, and classical paradoxes in scientific methodology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OBSERVATIONAL STUDIES", number:"null", id:"37960", path:"/courses/37960", description:"This course will cover statistical methods for the design and analysis of observational studies. Topics will include the potential outcomes framework for causal inference; randomized experiments; matching and propensity score methods for controlling confounding in observational studies; tests of hidden bias; sensitivity analysis; and instrumental variables.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASS MEDIA & SOC", number:"null", id:"35543", path:"/courses/35543", description:"How might we think about the legal, political, economic, historical, and 'cultural' considerations that shape what we watch on TV, read in books, stare at in billboards? What ideas are relevant for examining the enormous changes in the mass media system and the consequences of those changes? The aim of this course is to begin to answer these questions by acquainting you with the workings of American mass media as an integral part of American society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"41727", path:"/courses/41727", description:"MGMT 230 integrates the material introduced in business fundamental courses and applies it to the design and evaluation of new ventures. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth and to foster innovation and new business formations in independent and corporate settings. The course addresses both a theoretical perspective on venture initiation and the application of writing an actual business plan. In this course you are asked to get out of the habit of being a receiver of ideas, facts, concepts and techniques, and get into the habit of generating ideas, identifying problems, analyzing and evaluating alternatives, and formulating workable action plans, thus putting textbook knowledge into practice. Students will get this hands-on experience in the following ways: Through the formation and ongoing work of venture teams that will design a comprehensive business development plan for a particular start-up company. Teams are expected to utilize the tools and analytical approaches discussed in class to their venture, through simulations, labs, lectures and class discussions that are designed to familiarize students with the many dimensions of entrepreneurship and new venture initiation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECORDING MUSIC", number:"null", id:"40387", path:"/courses/40387", description:"An introduction to music and sound recording with a focus on concerts and live performances. The entire process will be examined from start to finish, including the roles played by composers, musicians, listeners, performance spaces, and recording technology. Meetings will take place in the classroom, in concert spaces and in the studio. Music majors and minors will be given preference for registration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR HONORS IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"38755", path:"/courses/38755", description:"Open to junior honors candidates in history. Introduction to the study and analysis of historical phenomena. Emphasis on theoretical approaches to historical knowledge, problems of methodology, and introduction to research design and strategy. Objective of this seminar is the development of honors thesis proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEX ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"37475", path:"/courses/37475", description:"Complex numbers, DeMoivre's theorem, complex valued functions of a complex variable, the derivative, analytic functions, the Cauchy-Riemann equations, complex integration, Cauchy's integral theorem, residues, computation of definite integrals by residues, and elementary conformal mapping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"36355", path:"/courses/36355", description:"An intermediate course in the statics and dynamics of particles and rigid bodies. Langrangian dynamics, central forces, non-inertial reference frames, and rigid bodies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR DESIGN PROJ I-EE/SSE", number:"null", id:"41361", path:"/courses/41361", description:"This is the first of a two-semester sequence in electrical and systems engineering senior design. Student work will focus on project/team definition, systems analysis, identification alternative design strategies and determination (experimental or by simulation) or specifications necessary for a detailed design. Project definition is focused on defining a product prototype that provides specific value to a least one identified user group. Students will receive guidance on preparing professional written and oral presentations. Each project team will submit a project proposal and two written project reports that include coherent technical presentations, block diagrams and other illustrations appropriate to the project. Each student will deliver two formal Powerpoint presentations to an audience comprised of peers, instructors and project advisors. During the semester there will be periodic individual-team project reviews.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Policy Development", number:"null", id:"35841", path:"/courses/35841", description:"This course examines the policy development process including: the interaction of branches of government; policy analysis; information; constituencies; and management of a policy development office. The objective of this course is to provide an understanding of the development of government policy, both at the macro level and from the viewpoint of persons who are in supporting roles to the major actors in the process. The formula employed to achieve this objective consists of a combination of readings, lectures, discussions, and activities that are designed to blend conceptual and practical skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE AND THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"39240", path:"/courses/39240", description:"This course describes current theorizing on how the human mind achieves high-level cognitive processes such as using language, thinking, and reasoning. The course discusses issues such as whether the language ability is unique to humans, whether there is a critical period to the acquisition of a language, the nature of conceptual knowledge, how people perform deductive reasoning and induction, and how linguistic and conceptual knowledge interact.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOVATION & APPLIED TECHNOLOGY IN HEALTH CARE II", number:"null", id:"36248", path:"/courses/36248", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEG ASP ENTREPRENRSHP", number:"null", id:"43047", path:"/courses/43047", description:"Legal and Transactional Aspects of Entrepreneurship is a practical and intensive course that examines the critical legal and transactional issues confronting start-up and emerging growth companies. Although the context of the course is early stage companies, many of the concepts studied are equally applicable to more mature, established companies. The course provides perspective on how to use the law strategically to manage risk, deploy resources and maximize shareholder value. Topics include the enforceability of confidentiality, non-competition and other restrictive covenants in employment agreements; choice of business form including the legal, financial and tax advantages and disadvantages of general partnerships, limited partnerships, corporations and limited liability companies; tax and securities law; legal aspects of raising capital including structuring venture capital and private equity financing; entrepreneurial acquisition structures, employment law, and intellectual property law including trade secrets, copyrights, patents, and trademarks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO INTL RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"43377", path:"/courses/43377", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EASTERN CHRISTIANITIES", number:"null", id:"43446", path:"/courses/43446", description:"The history of Christianity is often told from the perspective of its spread westward from Israel to Rome. Yet, in the first millenium, there were more Christians living in the East, in places as far away as Persia, Yemen, India, China, and Mongolia, than in the West. Spread across the Asian continent, these Christians were actively involved in local and imperial politics, composed theological literature, and were deeply embedded in the cultural fabric of their host societies. This course traces the spread of Christianity eastward, paying particular attention to its regional developments, its negotiations with local political powers, and its contact with other religions, including Buddhism, Manichaeism, and Islam. Readings will cover a broad range of sources, including selections from classical Syriac literature, Manichaean texts, Mesopotamian magic bowls, the so-called 'Jesus Sutras,' and the Quran. All readings will be provided in English, and no background is presumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Prevention of Tobacco Addiction in Pre-Adolescent Children of Philadelphia", number:"null", id:"35698", path:"/courses/35698", description:"Cigarette smoking is a major public health problem. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Control reports that more than 80% of current adult tobacco users started smoking before age 18. The National Youth Tobacco Survey indicated that 12.8% of middle school students and 34.8% of high school students in their study used some form of tobacco products.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37827", path:"/courses/37827", description:"This course introduces the field of evolutionary psychology, which is an approach to the study of human behavior. We will consider the threoretical underpinnings of the field, including evolutionary threory, development, kinship, and adaptations for social life, and will sample some of the recent empirical contributions to this growing area.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN RHET: QUESTIONS OF NORMALCY", number:"null", id:"40818", path:"/courses/40818", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Rhetoric and Writing Studies, the study of how we use various tools--words, images, gestures, sounds, genres--to communicate with and persuade others. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ACTING", number:"null", id:"43569", path:"/courses/43569", description:"Rooted in the system devised by Constantine Stanislavsky, but incorporating a wide variety of approaches, including improvisation, this courtesies students step by step through the practical work an actor must do to live and behave truthfully on-stage. Beginning with relaxation and physical exercise, interactive games, and ensemble building, students then learn and put into practice basic acting techniques, including sensory work, the principles of action, objectives, given circumstances, etc. The semester culminates in the performance of a scene or scenes, most often from a play from the Realist tradition. This course strongly stresses a commitment to actor work and responsibility to one's fellow actors. Practical work is supplemented by readings from Stanislavsky and a variety of other acting theorists that may include Uta Hagen, Robert Cohen, Stella Adler, among others. Students are required to submit short essays over the course of the semester in response to the readings and in preparation for their final scene project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: EINSTEIN & PICASSO", number:"null", id:"43624", path:"/courses/43624", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"40252", path:"/courses/40252", description:"Students who are interested in math or science might also want to consider a more challenging Honors version of Calculus II and III, Math 116 and Math 260 (the analogues of Math 114 and Math 240, respectively). These courses will cover essentially the same material as 114 and 240, but more in depth and involve discussion of the underlying theory as well as computations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN MUSC: MUSIC AND THE BRAIN", number:"null", id:"45070", path:"/courses/45070", description:"This writing seminar focues on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Music, the study of the history, art, creation, performance, and impact of music. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitautions as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REVOLUTION TO REALISM", number:"null", id:"35321", path:"/courses/35321", description:"This course surveys the major trends in European art of the tumultuous decades stretching from French Revolution of 1789 to the rise of realism in the mid-nineteenth century. Starting with Jacques-Louis David's revolutionary history paintings, we study Napoleonic representations of empire, Goya's imagery of violence, romantic representations of madness and desire, Friedrich's nationalist landscapes, as well as the politicized realism of Courbet. Some of the themes that are addressed include: the revolutionary hero, the birth of the public museum, the anxious masculinity of romanticism, the rise of industry and bourgeois culture, the beginnings of photography, the quest for national identity and, not least, the origins of the modernist painting. Throughout, we recover the original radicalism of art's formal and conceptual innovations at times of political and social crisis. We focus on the history of French painting, but include sculpture, photography, visual culture and the development of the modern city, in England, Germany and Spain.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19C:ROMANTICS & REALISTS", number:"null", id:"39291", path:"/courses/39291", description:"This course continues developing students' advanced skills in Russian, and combines advanced study of the Russian language with an examination of the fundamental literary movements and figures of nineteenth-century Russian literature and culture. Course materials include prosaic and poetic texts by Pushkin, Gogol', Lermontov, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, as well as films and art. Language work will be devoted to writing, syntactical and stylistic analysis, vocabulary, academic speech, and listening comprehension.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECITATION: Reciation - WELL WOMAN HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"41889", path:"/courses/41889", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of physical, emotional, socio-cultural and educational needs of gynecologic primary health care of women from adolescence through post-menopausal years. The content is directed at expanding the expertise of the student in in meeting the primary women's health care needs in contemporary society. Social influences that have an impact on women's lives are also explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DANTE'S DIVINE COMEDY", number:"null", id:"44375", path:"/courses/44375", description:"In this course we will read the Inferno, the Purgatorio and the Paradiso, focusing on a series of interrelated problems raised by the poem: authority, fiction, history, politics and language. Particular attention will be given to how the Commedia presents itself as Dante's autobiography, and to how the autobiographical narrative serves as a unifying thread for this supremely rich literary text. Supplementary readings will include Virgil's Aeneid and selections from Ovid's Metamorphoses. All readings and written work will be in English. Italian or Italian Studies credit will require reading Italian texts in their original language and writing about their themes in Italian. This course may be taken for graduate credit, but additional work and meetings with the instructor will be required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHILD & ADOL MENTAL HLTH: CHILD AND ADOLESCENT MENTAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"44653", path:"/courses/44653", description:"This course is designed to prepare advanced practice registered nurses to address mental health concerns of children, adolescents and their families from a bio-psycho-socio-cultural perspective. Prevention, assessment, and treatment of psychiatric disorders affecting children and adolescents in a variety of settings will be presented in the context of mental health, school and primary health care delivery systems. Students will explore both pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatment strategies, as well as methods to identify and implement evidence-based practice in child and adolescent populations. Mental health policy, as well as the unique needs of special populations (e.g., youth in the juvenile justice system) will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"43857", path:"/courses/43857", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INT TO NONP & LOGLIN MOD", number:"null", id:"43540", path:"/courses/43540", description:"An applied graduate level course for students who have completed an undergraduate course in basic statistical methods. Covers two unrelated topics: loglinear and logit models for discrete data and nonparametric methods for nonnormal data. Emphasis is on practical methods of data analysis and their interpretation. Primarily for doctoral students in the managerial, behavioral, social and health sciences. May be taken before STAT 500 with permission of instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORCHESTRATION", number:"null", id:"41809", path:"/courses/41809", description:"A study of the instruments of the orchestra and their combination. Frequent written projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIVERSITY & THE LAW", number:"null", id:"43035", path:"/courses/43035", description:"The goal of this course is to study the role the law has played, and continues to play, in addressing the problems of racial discrimination in the United States. Contemporary issues such as racial profiling, affirmative action, and diversity will all be covered in their social and legal context. The basis for discussion will be assigned texts, articles, editorials and cases. In addition, interactive videos will also be used to aid class discussion. Course requirements will include a term paper and class case presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPS STUDY OF MEANING", number:"null", id:"44442", path:"/courses/44442", description:"This course provides an introduction to the experimental study of meaning in natural language. We begin by introducing some basic notions of formal semantics and pragmatics and review relevant technical background. Next we discuss recent developments in studying meaning-related phenomena experimentally, which, in addition to theoretical questions, involve issues in the acquisition and processing of semantic information. In the course of this, we will also introduce the basics of experimental design and relevant psycholinguistic methodology. In addition to readings and homework assignments, students will embark on a small research project (individually or jointly), which will be presented in class at the end of the semester and written up as a term paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"41758", path:"/courses/41758", description:"Immersion in the advertising development process and examination of the practice of advertising. Focuses on decisions regarding advertising objectives, copy selection, budget setting and media selection.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MATERIAL WORLD IN ARCHAEOLOGICAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39521", path:"/courses/39521", description:"By focusing on the scientific analysis of inorganic archaeological materials, this course will explore processes of creation in the past. ANTH 221 will take place in the new Center for the Analysis of Archaeological Materials (CAAM) and will be team taught in three modules: analysis of lithics, analysis of ceramics and analysis of metals. Each module will combine laboratory and classroom exercises to give students hands-on experience with archaeological materials. We will examine how the transformation of materials into objects provides key information about past human behaviors and the socio-economic contexts of production, distribution, exchange and use. Discussion topics will include invention and adoption of new technologies, change and innovation, use of fire, and craft specialization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEV TOOLS FOR DATA ANLYS", number:"null", id:"40493", path:"/courses/40493", description:"This course provides an introduction to the construction of data analysis tools that are commonly used for business applications, especially in consulting and finance. The course builds on the spreadsheet and analytical skills developed in OPIM101, providing a much more extensive treatment of spreadsheet application development and database management. The first portion of the course will focus on programming in VBA, the embedded programming language in the Microsoft Office suite of applications. This will be supplemented with discussion of industry best practice in software development, such as specification development, interface design, documentation, and testing. The second portion of the class will emphasize data access and analysis utilizing SQL, the industry standard language for interacting with database software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHS AND STORIES", number:"null", id:"38469", path:"/courses/38469", description:"A new creative writing course built entirely around the use of photographs, and the crafting of compelling nonfiction narratives from them. The essential concept will be to employ photographs as storytelling vehicles. So we will be using curling, drugstore printed Kodak shots from our own family albums. We will be using searing and famous images from history books. We will be taking things from yesterday's newspaper. We will even be using pictures that were just made by the workshop participants outside the campus gates with a disposable camera from CVS or with their own sophisticated digital Nikon. In all of this, there will be one overriding aim to achieve memorable, full-bodied stories. To locate the strange, evocative, storytelling universes that are sealed inside the four rectangular walls of photograph. They are always there, if you know how to look. It's about the quality of your noticing, the intensity of your seeing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE TWI I", number:"null", id:"39490", path:"/courses/39490", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GERMAN BUSINESS WORLD: A Macro Perspective", number:"null", id:"37269", path:"/courses/37269", description:"This course offers you insights into the dynamics of Business German, while taking a macro approach. Examples of various course topics include: economic geography and its diversity, the changing role of the Eruopean Union, and the economic importance of national transportation and tourism. In addition, the course emphasizes the development of students' discourse competencies, Business German vocabulary and grammar. Course assignments include oral presentations on current events, class discussions, role-play, and collaborative group work. Class time will be utilized to practice speaking, answering questions, reviewing exercises and holding group discussions on various topics. Class participation is a key component of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC MECH INFECT DISEAS", number:"null", id:"35407", path:"/courses/35407", description:"This course is designed for advanced undergraduates and beginning graduate students with a particular interest in infectious disease biology. Note that this course is not a comprehensive survey of the field and is not appropriate for students seeking a lecture course on disease. The primary objective of this course is to teach students considering a career in the biomedical sciences how to read, discuss, and question research papers effectively. Intensive classroom discussions focus on the experimental methods used, results obtained, interpretation of these results in the context of pathogen interactions with host cells and organisms, and implications for basic research and therapeutic development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF BIOCHEM", number:"null", id:"42433", path:"/courses/42433", description:"Intermediate level course covering principles of modern biochemistry. Topics include protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanisms, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. Emphasis will be on biochemical problem solving, experimental design, and application of quantitative methods in a biological and clinical context. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR ABNORMAL PSYCH:  Mental Illness and the Media", number:"null", id:"43426", path:"/courses/43426", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Culture and Identity in the Lusophone World", number:"null", id:"36379", path:"/courses/36379", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see department's webpage: http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml/portuguese/undergraduate/courses.html", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRO AMER HIST 1876-PRES", number:"null", id:"43650", path:"/courses/43650", description:"A study of the major events, issues, and personalities in Afro-American history from Reconstruction to the present. The course will also examine the different slave experiences and the methods of black resistance and rebellion in the various slave systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FNCE (HALF CU)", number:"null", id:"35792", path:"/courses/35792", description:"This course serves as an introduction to corporate investments for non-majors. The primary objective is to provide a framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques, corporate capital budgeting and valuation, investment decisions under uncertainty, and capital asset pricing. This course will not cover the following topics included in FNCE 611, the full semester Corporate Finance course: market efficiency, corporate financial policy (including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues), and options. Please Note: This course will not count towards the Finance Major. Format: Primarily lecture. Grading based on problem sets, one or two cases, and a final exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN&TECH OF APP MATH II", number:"null", id:"42728", path:"/courses/42728", description:"This course is a continuation of ENM 520 (or equivalent) and deals with classcial methods in applied mathematics. The topics to be covered include: Functions of a Complex Variable, Partial Differential Equations, Asymptotic and Perturbawtin Methods, and Convex Analysis and Variational Methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUS IN GLOBAL POL ENVIR", number:"null", id:"35362", path:"/courses/35362", description:"This course examines the non-market components of business and the broader political, regulatory, and civil context in which companies function. This course addresses how businesses interact with political and regulatory institutions, as well as the general public, with a focus on the global economy. The first portion examines the realities associated with political economy and the actual making of laws and regulations by imperfect politicians and regulators. The second portion analyzes the economic rationale for legislation and regulation in the presence of market failures. The course covers specific market failures and potential solutions including government regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Major Seminar on Japan: Japan's Others", number:"null", id:"41230", path:"/courses/41230", description:"This is a seminar required for all Japanese majors in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilization. Topic varies year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO GEOPHYSICS", number:"null", id:"35851", path:"/courses/35851", description:"This course will cover the application of geophysical investigation techniques to problems of the earth's plantary structure, local subsurface structure and mineral prospecting. The topics will include principles of geophysical measurements and interpretation with emphasis on gravity measurement, isostasy, geomagnitism, sesmic refraction and reflection,electrical prospecting, electromagnetics and groung radar.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ARABIC III", number:"null", id:"36744", path:"/courses/36744", description:"This is the continuation of the Elementary course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). This course is also proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. This is the continuation of ARAB031 and ARAB 032, the elementary course in Modern Standard Arabic (MSA). This course is also proficiency-based, implying that all activities within the course are aimed at placing you, the learner, in the context of the native-speaking environment from the very beginning. As in ARAB 031-032, evaluation is done by the more traditional testing methods (vocabulary tests, grammar and translation exercises). We anticipate that students range from Intermediate Low to Intermediate High according to the ACTFL scale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DARWIN'S LEGACY", number:"null", id:"43551", path:"/courses/43551", description:"Darwin's conceptions of evolution have become a central organizing principle of modern biology. This lecture course will explore the origins and emergence of his ideas, the scientific work they provoked, and their subsequent re-emergence into modern evolutionary theory. In order to understand the living world, students will have the opportunity to read and engage with various classic primary sources by Darwin, Mendel, and others. The course willconclude with guest lectures on evolutionary biology today, emphasizing currentissues, new methods, and recent discoveries. In short, this is a lecture course on the emergence of modern evolutionary biology--its central ideas, their historical development and their implications for the human future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMIC GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"44619", path:"/courses/44619", description:"How should an auction for scarce goods be structured if the sellers wish to maximize their revenue? How badly will traffic be snarled if drivers each selfishly try to minimize their commute time, compared to if a benevolent dictator directed traffic? How can couples be paired so that no two couples wish to swap partners in hindsight? How can you be as successful as the best horse-racing expert at betting on horse races, without knowing anything about horse racing? In this course, we will take an algorithmic perspective on problems in game theory, to solve problems such as the ones listed above. Game theory has applications in a wide variety of settings in which multiple participants with different incentives are placed in the same environment, must interact, and each 'player''s actions affect the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCRIMMAGE OVER SCRIPTURE: Bible in the Cultures of Jews, Christians and Muslims", number:"null", id:"37611", path:"/courses/37611", description:"Course explores the disparate ways in which elements of the Hebrew Bible have been used by faith communities that inhabited the empires of Byzantium, Sassanian Iran, Latin Christendom and Islam, from the 2nd through the 12th centuries. Analysis of literary passages produced by Jews, Christians, and Muslims will problematize the text vs. interpretation dichotomy, while occasioning reflections on canon, and on modes of transmission. Examination of polemical writings will shed light on the dynamics of textual communities and their formation. All readings are in English; no previous knowledge assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLACES OF MEMORY", number:"null", id:"37274", path:"/courses/37274", description:"What is culture? What is German? Where are the borders between German, Austrian and Swiss culture? What is part of the 'cultural canon'? Who decides and what role does memory play? Relying on the theory of collective memory (Halbwachs) and the concept of 'places of memory' (Erinnerungsorte; Nora, Francois/Schulze) and with reference to examplary scholarly and literary texts, debates, songs, films, documents, and paintings from high and pop culture, this course will weave a mosaic of that which (also) constitutes German or German-language culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE URDU I", number:"null", id:"40790", path:"/courses/40790", description:"This course allows students to continue improving their Urdu proficiency while also gaining a broad foundational understanding of Urdu society and culture throughout South Asia. The course provides students the tols needed to handle a variety of authentic written and spoken Urdu sources including film, music, media reports, folk tales, and simple literature. Student will also continue to increase their speaking and writing proficiency to be able to discuss a broad range of concrete, real-world topics. The course is designed for students with one year previous Urdu or Hindi study or the equivalent proficiency. Students with speaking ability in Urdu or Hindi but without reading/writing skills are encouraged to contact the instructor for placement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TIME SERIES ECONOMETRICS", number:"null", id:"35604", path:"/courses/35604", description:"This course provides a comprehensive introduction to forecasting in economics and business. Topics covered include statistical graphics, trends, seasonality, cycles, forecast construction, forecast evaluation and forecast combination.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ORGANISM BIOL. LAB", number:"null", id:"36820", path:"/courses/36820", description:"An intensive introductory laboratory course in organismal biology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CITIES & SUSTAINABILITY", number:"null", id:"45030", path:"/courses/45030", description:"A good idea is not enough - developing innovative and sustainable projects in cities requires understanding 'how to get things done.' Developing projects to promote sustainability in major US cities requires sensitivity to the political and operational context within which cities implement innovative initiatives. Cities and Sustainability uses Philadelphia as a case study to explore the issues confronting modern American metropolises as they look to manage their resources and promote environmentally friendly policies. URBS 417 will introduce students to leading Philadelphia practitioners of sustainability and municipal projects. Students will be given the tools to politically, economically and critically analyze various sustainable policy initiatives across the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Anxiety disorders, OCD, and PTSD", number:"null", id:"45300", path:"/courses/45300", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH ENG DESIGN PROJECTS", number:"null", id:"41706", path:"/courses/41706", description:"This capstone design project course is required of all mechanical engineering students. Student teams will design and test complex mechanical systems that address a societal or consumer need. Projects are devised by the team, sponsored by industry, or formulated by Penn professors. Each project is approved by the instructor and a faculty advisor. Topics treated in the course include project planning, prototyping, patent and library searches, intellectual property, ethics, and technical writing and presentations. The work is spread over MEAM 445 and MEAM 446.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IPHONE APP DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"38310", path:"/courses/38310", description:"This project-oriented course is centered around application development on the iOS platform, Apple's mobile operating system developed for the iPhone and other Apple mobile devices. The first half of the course will involve fundamentals of iPhone development, where students learn the Objective-C programming language for iOS, an object-oriented C dialect with Smalltalk-style messaging, as well as efficient memory management and event-based programming on the iOS platform. In the second half of the course, students work in teams to conceptualize and develop a significant iPhone application. Creativity and originality are highly encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"43720", path:"/courses/43720", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 031/631.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCING EPHEMERA: LETTERPRESS, RISOPGRAPH, INKJET AND XEROX", number:"null", id:"41382", path:"/courses/41382", description:"This studio course introduces students to the world of printmaking and circulation through techniques in letterpress and Risograph (a high-speed digital printing system developed in Japan in the 1980s), in addition to Xerox, laser, inkjet, and off-set printing, focusing particularly on the format of prints, artists' ephemera, and the role of ephemera in understanding culture. Studnets will create their own broadsides, flyers, announcement cards, and independent publications throughout the course, exploring ways in which artists, designers, musicians, and activists make or have made use of the print to disseminate information; initiate happenings; advertise events; or format change. Students will learn about some of the most significant producers working within this realm - from Conceptualists to punk bands - and develop skills in page layout, typography, and design; mechanized and hand-pulled press operations; and digital to analog pre-press and post-print production methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC OPINION&ELECTIONS", number:"null", id:"42035", path:"/courses/42035", description:"This course is designed to give advanced undergraduates and graduate students exposure to the literature on political behavior in American politics (the course is part of the departments 3-course graduate sequence in American politics). The course will cover both the classics of public opinion and political behavior from the Columbia, Michigan, and Rochester schools, as well as more current topics and debates in the literature. Topics include (but are not limited to) the early voting studies, the role of partisanship, the nature and origins of ideology, mass-elite interactions, heuristics and low information rationality, the nature of the survey response, campaign and media effects, framing effects, and the role of institutions in structuring behavior. Undergraduates are welcome in the class, but they should know that the class assumes familiarity with quantitative approaches to studying politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPLEX HEALTHCARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"40435", path:"/courses/40435", description:"This two-part course provides the didactic and clinical experiences in increasingly complex nursing care situations and environments which facilitate the students' transition to independent practice. In the lecture component, the focus is on the integration of knowledge and skill for nursing practice and develops the ability of students to see nursing practice as part of a complex system. It examines systems thinking and complexity, development of a leadership role and skills, inter-professional communication and teamwork, and leading change in healthcare organizations. This course also examines the nurse's role in improvement science and patient care delivery, focusing on quality improvement processes, patient safety, nurse sensitive process and outcome metrics with micro-systems. This course also allows students to develop the capacity for clinical expertise, leadership, and for translating the science of the profession into practice. Students also are assigned to a seminar component that is correlated with their selected site for the specialty clinical practicum. This aspect of the course allows the student to develop additional expertise in a specialty area of practice and to develop competences specific to that population of patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARLY MOD EUR 1450-1750", number:"null", id:"35909", path:"/courses/35909", description:"This course examines those European developments which contributed to the world we understand as modern. Special emphasis will be placed on the transformation of Europe through the advent of new technologies, the creation of a global economy, the consolidation of territorial states, the rise of effective, central governments, the dissolution of religious unity, and the dialect between modern and traditional world views.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOMELESSNESS & URBAN INEQUALITY", number:"null", id:"37993", path:"/courses/37993", description:"This freshman seminar examines the homelessness problem from a variety of scientific and policy perspectives. Contemporary homelessness differs significantly from related conditions of destitute poverty during other eras of our nation's history. Advocates, researchers and policymakers have all played key roles in defining the current problem, measuring its prevalence, and designing interventions to reduce it. The first section of this course examines the definitional and measurement issues, and how they affect our understanding of the scale and composition of the problem. Explanations for homelessness have also been varied, and the second part of the course focuses on examining the merits of some of those explanations, and in particular, the role of the affordable housing crisis. The third section of the course focuses on the dynamics of homelessness, combining evidence from ethnographic studies of how people become homeless and experience homelessness, with quantitative research on the patterns of entry and exit from the condition. The final section of the course turns to the approaches taken by policymakers and advocates to address the problem, and considers the efficacy and quandaries associated with various policy strategies. The course concludes by contemplating the future of homelessness research and public policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMS & COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"38339", path:"/courses/38339", description:"This course focuses primarily on the design and analysis of algorithms. We will begin with sorting and searching algorithms and then spend most of the course on graph algorithms. In order to study graph algorithms, general algorithm design patterns like dynamic programming and greedy algorithms will be introduced. A section of this course is also devoted to understanding NP-Completeness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ASAM: MINORITIES AND THE MEDIA", number:"null", id:"38023", path:"/courses/38023", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Asian American Studies, an interdisciplinary examination of the history, experiences, cultures, and policies relevant to Asian Americans. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL MECHANICS", number:"null", id:"43354", path:"/courses/43354", description:"An intermediate course in the statics and dynamics of particles and rigid bodies. Langrangian dynamics, central forces, non-inertial reference frames, and rigid bodies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANIMAL PHYSIOLOGICAL AND POPULATION ECOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43823", path:"/courses/43823", description:"This course explores the interactions of environmental variables, such as temperature, with the physiology of vertebrate animals and the mechanistic links of those interactions with population dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY AND THE NATION'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"37642", path:"/courses/37642", description:"This course examines health care and social policy from domestic and international perspectives. It is designed to engage undergraduate students in critical thinking about health policy issues as they affect our health care, employment, taxes, and social investments. The current national debate on health care reform is used as a frame of reference for examining the strengths and weaknesses of health care services in the U.S. from the perspectives of patients/families, health professionals, health services providers, insurers, employers, and public policy makers, and the pros and cons of a range of prescriptions for system improvement from across the political spectrum. About a third of the course focuses more specifically on global public health challenges and the policy strategies for reducing health disparities worldwide.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WAR & CONQUEST IN MEDIEVAL EUROPE", number:"null", id:"42948", path:"/courses/42948", description:"Topics vary", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP CAPITALIST SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38732", path:"/courses/38732", description:"The course follows the evolution of industrial capitalism since the beginning of the English industrial revolution in the late 18th century. It ranges from the problems of the industrial revolution in England to problems of building a market economy in eastern Europe today. In particular, it examines industrialization and explores the sources of sustained economic growth from a comparative perspective. Most of the world, especially in so-called emerging economies, is still confronted with the challenge, and often pain, of creating a modern industrial capitalist society. The course attempts to build a conceptual apparatus for understanding models of industrialization and is built around issues such as law, anti-trust, corporate forms, banking institutions, industrial relations, etc. By definition, the course tends to concentrate on successful industrializers around the world, but questions regarding continuing underdevelopment will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC BRAND MGMT", number:"null", id:"36140", path:"/courses/36140", description:"Which brands make you happy? Apple? Starbucks? The Daily Show? Google? What draws you into these brands? How do companies create compelling brand experiences? How could you cultivate a well-loved brand? This course explores such questions with the goal of identifying the ingredients for building an inspired brand, where brand is defined as 'a sensibility' - departing from traditional perspectives of brand. The course is created for students interested in building their own brands and/or immersing themselves in the enhancement of an existing brand, and it is comprised of lectures, cases, guest speakers, discussions, in and out of class exercises, all of which culminate in a brand audit group project that students will present in the final class session. Broadly, the course will be divided into four parts: 1) Understanding Brand, 2) Crafting Brand, 3) Measuring Brand, and 4) Managing Brand. The course will provide students with an appreciation of the role of branding and (taking a consumer-centric approach) will augment students' ability to think creatively and critically about the strategies and tactics involved in building, leveraging, defending, and sustaining inspired brands.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEALS: ECON STRUC TRANS", number:"null", id:"36117", path:"/courses/36117", description:"This course focuses on the role of professionals, including lawyers of all types (corporate, tax, securities, etc.), direct private equity investors, corporate business development officers, and investment bankers, in creating value through transaction engineering. The overall goal of the course is to explain how private parties order their commercial interactions, to develop a theory of how they ought to do this, and to gain a thorough understanding of how business deals are actually done.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"39277", path:"/courses/39277", description:"Conversation, reading skills, grammer review.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROG LANG AND TECH II", number:"null", id:"42528", path:"/courses/42528", description:"This is a course about Algorithms and Data Structures using the JAVA programming language. We introduce the basic concepts about complexity of an algorithm and methods on how to compute the running time of algorithms. Then, we describe data structures like stacks, queues, maps, trees, and graphs, and we construct efficient algorithms based on these representations. The course builds upon existing implementations of basic data structures in JAVA and extends them for the structures like trees, studying the performance of operations on such structures, and theiefficiency when used in real-world applications. A large project introducing students to the challenges of software engineering concludes the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA&CULTR CONTMPR IRAN", number:"null", id:"41819", path:"/courses/41819", description:"This course is an introduction to the major cultural themes and trends of contemporary Iran. Through the lens of press, cinema, literature and drama, the course will examine the ways in which contemporary Iranian society has been subject to rapid change and transformation over the past century. This class is designed for both junior and senior students who are keen to better understand the cultural context of Iran as one of the most influential and significant countries in the Middle East.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISE OF IMAGE CULTURE", number:"null", id:"39436", path:"/courses/39436", description:"Images are ubiquitous in the cultural life of the 21st century, yet only two centries ago they were rare. When and how did pictures come to permeate daily life? How has ordinary experience--psychological, social, cultural, intellectual--changed as a result? This seminar addresses these questions through close reading of influential historical and theoretical writings about the rise of image culture and its effects, including Benjamin, Debord, McLahan, Mitchell.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVALUATING EVIDENCE", number:"null", id:"45045", path:"/courses/45045", description:"WH 150 provides an introduction to all stages of the research process for business topics. In the first third of the course, we discuss theory building, hypothesis development, and research design choices particularly in casual research. In the second third, we discuss data collection methods (e.g., surveys, experiments, case studies and fieldwork) and the use of archival databases. This part of the cours emphasizes the interplay between research design and sampling/data collection methods. In the final third of the course, we introduce data analysis and interpretation, including methods for converting raw data into measurable constructs suited to statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN STSC: SEXUAL SELECTION", number:"null", id:"39459", path:"/courses/39459", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Science, Technology, and Society Studies, the examination of how cultural, political, and social values affect scientific and technological innovation. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effectiver writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"40495", path:"/courses/40495", description:"Conducting business in a networked economy invariably involves interplay with technology. The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of technology (what it can or cannot enable) and the business drivers of technology-related decisions in firms. We will be discussing some of the new and most disruptive technologies right now to stimulate thought on new applications for commerce and new ventures, as well as their implications to the tech industry as a whole. Topics include social media, online advertising, big data, and cloud computing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWKING THEORY & FUND", number:"null", id:"35716", path:"/courses/35716", description:"Networks constitute an important component of modern technology and society. Networks have traditionally dominated communication technology in form of communication networks, distribution of energy in form of power grid networks, and have more recently emerged as a tool for social connectivity in form of social networks. In this course, we will study mathematical techniques that are key to the design and analysis of different kinds of networks. First, we will investigate techniques for modeling evolution of networks. Specifically, we will consider random graphs (all or none connectivity, size of components, diameters under random connectivity), small world problem, network formation and the role of topology in the evolution of networks. Next, we will investigate different kinds of stochastic processes that model the flow of information in networks. Specifically, we will develop the theory of markov processes, renewal processes, and basic queueing, diffusion models, epidemics and rumor spreading in networks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART OF THE WEB: INTERACTIVE CONCEPTS FOR ART AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"37163", path:"/courses/37163", description:"Art of the Web: Interactive concepts for art and design is a first step in learning how tocreate, analyze and discuss interactive content, as a visual creator. It is an exploration of the culture of the internet, the ideas behind its quirks, the dreams and freedoms it encapsulates, and the creative power it gives to us. Students will be assigned projects that will challenge their current understanding of the web, and the ways it shapes human connectivity and interaction. Upon completion of this course, students will possess a working knowledge how to organize and design websites and learn to critique web-content including navigation, UX design and information ? ?architecture. The course will require analytical and conceptual skills and foster creative thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DES&DEV WEB-BASED PROD: DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT OF WEB-BASED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES", number:"null", id:"40868", path:"/courses/40868", description:"This course will cover applications of decision models to managerial problems in a variety of business functions. The course will use management science techniques such as mathematical programming (LP/IP/NLP), Monte-Carlo simulation, decision trees, probability theory and statistical analysis as the vehicle for applying diverse management theories to real-world problems. Potential in-class applications include product-line selection, risk management, corporate real options, and supply-chain restructuring. The course will emphasize the practical application of these techniques; problems will be solved using popular packages such as Excel, and Crystal Ball.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PRESENT PAST: US SOCIETY, CULTURE & POLITICS SINCE WORLD WAR II", number:"null", id:"38736", path:"/courses/38736", description:"This course examines major developments in United States history since the Great Depression, a tumultuous period that gave birth to many of our contemporary debates about the responsibilities of government, the possiblity of radical social change, and the meaning of citizenship. Reading primary documents alongside historical accounts, we will address the building of the New Deal state; the emergence of the United States as a superpower; the domestic and international repercussions of the Cold War; the impact of mass consumption, suburbanization, and new technologies; the civil rights movement and other drives for social change; the cultural and political fallout of the Vietnam War; transformations in gender roles and the family; and the end of the 'American century.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"37014", path:"/courses/37014", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED NUTRITION AND METABOLISM", number:"null", id:"36239", path:"/courses/36239", description:"Essentials of nutritional biochemistry from the molecular level to the level of the whole human organism. Nutrient functions and inter-relationshps are explored with attention to the association between nutrients and disease risk. Topics include energy metabolism and regulation of fat storage, new functions of vitamins and minerals, gene nutrient interactions and current research topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SciArt: The Intersection of Science and Art", number:"null", id:"45287", path:"/courses/45287", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MORPHOLOGY THEORY II", number:"null", id:"36043", path:"/courses/36043", description:"This course takes a detailed look at a number of central topics in morphological theory. The material examined in the course consists of primary readings and reviews, covering a number of central topics in the field. These topics include (but are not restricted to) allomorphy, blocking, the interface of phonology and morphology, syncretism, affixation, the syntax-morphology interface, and compounding. The primary requirements for the class involve short assignments that are based on the readings, in the form of both problem sets and critical appraisals of core theoretical positions. In addition to this, students will write a short paper at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY DUTCH II", number:"null", id:"43975", path:"/courses/43975", description:"Continuation of DTCH 101.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET & WEB SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41161", path:"/courses/41161", description:"This course focuses on the challenges encountered in building Internet and web systems: scalability, interoperability (of data and code), security and fault tolerance, consistency models, and location of resources, services, and data. We will examine how XML standards enable information exchange; how web services support cross-platform interoperability (and what their limitations are); how to build high-performance application servers; how 'cloud computing' services work; how to perform Akamai-like content distribution; and how to provide transaction support in distributed environments. We will study techniques for locating machines, resources, and data (including directory systems, information retrieval indexing, ranking, and web search); and we will investigate how different architectures support scalability (and the issues they face). We will also examine ideas that have been proposed for tomorrow's Web, and we will see some of the challenges, research directions, and potential pitfalls. An important goal of the course is not simply to discuss issues and solutions, but to provide hands-on experience with a substantial implementation project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE ART/PENN MUSEUM", number:"null", id:"43992", path:"/courses/43992", description:"This class is an opportunity to work closely with the Chinese sculpture, paintings, bronzes and other works of art in the collection of the Penn Museum. Some of the objects are well-known and on permanent display. Others have hardly been researched since they were acquired, and rarely leave storage. The class will meet in small groups at the museum. Students will work on research papers and collaborative in-class presentations on objects of their choice. A variety of approaches will be encouraged and students may choose to focus on iconography, historical and religious context, materials and manufacturing techniques, collectors and patronage, or inscriptions. There are no prerequisites for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SOC RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"42124", path:"/courses/42124", description:"One of the defining characteristics of all the social sciences, including sociology, is a commitment to empirical research as the basis for knowledge. This course is designed to provide you with a basic understanding of research in the social sciences and to enable you to think like a social scientist. Through this course students will learn both the logic of sociological inquiry and the nuts and bolts of doing empirical research. We will focus on such issues as the relationship between theory and research, the logic of research design, issues of conceptualization and measurement, basic methods of data collection, and what social scientists do with data once they have collected them. By the end of the course, students will have completed sociological research projects utilizing different empirical methods, be able to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of various research strategies, and read (with understanding) published accounts of social science research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE BEFORE 1660", number:"null", id:"39848", path:"/courses/39848", description:"This course will introduce students to key works of English literature written before 1660. It will explore the major literary genres of this period, as well as the social and cultural contexts in which they were produced. The course will examine how literature texts articulate changes in language and form, as well as in concepts of family, nation, and community during the medieval and early modern periods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Epistemology of Morality & Aesthetics", number:"null", id:"43342", path:"/courses/43342", description:"A venerable idea throughout the history of ethics is that rationality is a fundamental or foundational part of the metaphysics of the normative. The course will be an investigation of several different strains of this rationalist idea. We'll disucss four rationalist views of the nature of normative reasons (Kantian, Humean, Aristotelian, and new-fangled constructivism). Our aim will be to investigate the plausibility of these rationalist views against the backdrop of a more recent hypothesis about the metaphysics of the normative--viz., the claim that normative reasons themselves are the fundamental constituents of the normative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWRK THEORY & APPLICAT", number:"null", id:"36133", path:"/courses/36133", description:"This course explores network models and their applications to organizational phenomena. By examining the structure of relations among actors, network approaches seek to explain variations in beliefs, behaviors, and outcomes. The beauty of network analysis is its underlying mathematical nature - network ideas and measures, in some cases, apply equally well at micro and macro levels of analysis. Therefore, we read and discuss articles both at the micro level (where the network actors are individuals within organizations) and at the macro level (where the network actors are organizations within larger communities) that utilize antecedents or consequences of network constructs such as small worlds, cohesion, structural equivalence, centrality, and autonomy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS II", number:"null", id:"38813", path:"/courses/38813", description:"This course is a continuation of KORN 131 and aims to further develop students' linguistic and cultural competence by building on materials covered in KORN 131. In addition to gaining a deeper understanding of Korean culture, the course focuses on enhancing linguistic accuracy and fluency in both spoken and written Korean. Particular emphasis will be placed on building a meaningful Korean-speaking community, as well as consolidation of grammar structures, and expansion and enhancement of vocabulary. Topics include preparing for a trip to Korea, finding housing, college culture in Korea, entertainment and participating in various social events. Upon completion of this course, students will be able to express themselves more accurately and participate in Korea-related communities more meaningfully. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"38624", path:"/courses/38624", description:"This course familiarizes students with financial, strategic and legal issues associated with the restructuring of financially distressed firms. The objective is to give students tools necessary to deal with the often-complex situation facing a failing firm. The participants will gain a basic understanding of the various options available for distressed firms, such as out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankruptcies, distressed asset sales, 363 auctions, and Chapter 11 reorganization. We will explore the difference between economic and financial distress, and the implications for the restructuring process. Since bankruptcy provides a threat point for any distressed restructuring, the course reviews key issues of the legal framework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and internationally. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course is case based, providing ample opportunity to practice valuation of distressed companies, and hosts several guest speakers from the restructuring industry. It should be of interest for a range of careers, including private equity, investment banking, and turnaround management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SPANISH", number:"null", id:"36539", path:"/courses/36539", description:"The purpose of this course is twofold: (a) to develop students' communicative abilities in Spanish, that is, speaking, listening, reading and writing, and (b) to increase their awareness and understanding of Hispanic cultures and societies. Homework and classroom activities are designed to help students build their oral proficiency, expand and perfect their knowledge of vocabulary and grammatical structures, improve their reading and writing skills, and develop their critical thinking abilities. The material for this class includes short stories, newspaper articles, poems, songs, cartoons, video clips and a novel, such as Sergio Bizio's Rabia. At the completion of this course students will feel confident discussing and debating a variety of contemporary issues (cultural and religious practices, family relationships, gender stereotypes, political events, immigration to the USA, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARIS IN FILM", number:"null", id:"38653", path:"/courses/38653", description:"See the Romance Languages Department's website at http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/roml for a current description.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"42434", path:"/courses/42434", description:"BIOL 204 examines the basic principles of protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanism, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. The primary objective is to provide life scientists with an appreciation of basic principles of modern biochemistry, and of how the current conceptual and technical framework arose. Emphasis is placed on the experimental approaches and reasoning behind the dissection and reconstitution of these processes in a biological and, in some cases, clinical context. Discussions directed at biochemical problem solving, experimental design and the application of quantitative methods are integral to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICA IN THE 1960S", number:"null", id:"35939", path:"/courses/35939", description:"This course examines the political, cultural, and intellectual history of America between 1954 and 1974. It considers the civil rights movement, the New Frontier and Great Society, the Supreme Court and right politics, the rise of the New Right, the debate over Vietnam, student radicalism, sexual liberation movements, black power, the counterculture, the urban crisis, and white backlash. The course emphasizes the transformation of liberalism and the revitalization of conservatism, and the tensions between integration and separatism, between libertarianism and communitarianism that shaped the social movements of the sixties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS I", number:"null", id:"40196", path:"/courses/40196", description:"This course is designed for heritage speakers who have a strong background in everyday Korean. This course focuses on enhancing linguistic accuracy (spelling, grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation) and fluency (idiomatic and figurative expressions, narrative structure, discursive practice) in both spoken and written Korean, as well as gaining a deeper understanding of Korean culture. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to express themselves more accurately and participate in Korea-related communities more meaningfully. This course and its subsequent course KORN 132 complete the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEPARATION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"42463", path:"/courses/42463", description:"The design of industrial methods for separating mixtures. Distillation; liquid-liquid extraction; membranes; absorption. Computer simulations of the processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MDRN WRLD-CLTRL BKGND", number:"null", id:"36711", path:"/courses/36711", description:"An introduction to the diversity of cultures in the world. This course is divided into two parts. The first briefly examines different models of understanding human diversity: ethnicities, religions, languages, political forms, economic structures, cultures, and 'civilizations'. Students will learn to think about the world as an interconnected whole, and know the significance of culture on a global scale. The second part is an introduction to area studies, in which we undertake a survey of the different regions of the world. We conduct the survey paying attention to the different aspects of human diversities, which we examine in the first part of this course. Students will acquire a greater appreciation and understanding of cultural differences in the more comprehensive social context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM SPAN: ACCELERATED", number:"null", id:"40703", path:"/courses/40703", description:"Spanish 112 is an intensive course designed for students who have already satisfied the language requirement in another language and have not previously studied Spanish. By combining the curriculum of Spanish 110 and 120, Spanish 112 seeks to develop students' reading, writing, listening and speaking abilities while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities that focus on meaningful and accurate communication skills in the target language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS IV", number:"null", id:"43077", path:"/courses/43077", description:"Partial differential equations and their solutions, including solutions of the wave, heat and Laplace equations, and Sturm-Liouville problems. Introduction to Fourier series and Fourier transforms. Computation of solutions, modeling using PDE's, geometric intuition, and qualitative understanding of the evolution of systems according to the type of partial differential operator.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING LAB I", number:"null", id:"40997", path:"/courses/40997", description:"BE 309 is a one course-unit laboratory course with a focus on combining experimental and mathematical approaches to understand biological systems and solve bioengineering problems. The course content integrates concepts from mathematics, physics, signal analysis, control engineering , mass transport, and heat transfer with applications in physiology and pharmacology. Areas of emphasis are model development and validation, statistical analysis, experimental design, error analysis and uncertainty, and scientific writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN RHET: POLITICAL SPEECH & TONE", number:"null", id:"42266", path:"/courses/42266", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Rhetoric and Writing Studies, the study of how we use various tools--words, images, gestures, sounds, genres--to communicate with and persuade others. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS & DESIGNS", number:"null", id:"41875", path:"/courses/41875", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice. Please note, the online version of this course has a synchronous component (live online class sessions). The day/time will be listed in the course register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG DECSN MAKING", number:"null", id:"40505", path:"/courses/40505", description:"The course is built around lectures reviewing multiple empirical studies, class discussion,and a few cases. Depending on the instructor, grading is determined by some combination of short written assignments, tests, class participation and a final project (see each instructor's syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV. COMP & CONVERSATION", number:"null", id:"35826", path:"/courses/35826", description:"Entitled 'Contemporary French Society through its Media,' this course is intended to improve speaking and writing skills by offering extensive practice in a variety of styles and forms. It will also help students better understand contemporary French culture, thought and modes of expression. The content is organized around current events and the themes of identity and art. Activities include the study, analysis and emulation of model texts as well as discussion and debates about events and social issues as covered by the French news media (television, print, Internet sources). Students will practice oral skills in a variety of ways, including video blogs and group presentations on selected current events. Written practice will comprise reflective journals, essays and collaborative work on Web projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC. OF MEDIA & POP CULT: Sociology of Media and Popular Culture", number:"null", id:"44934", path:"/courses/44934", description:"This course relies on a variety of sociological perspectives to examine the role of media and popular culture in society, with a particular emphasis on the power of the mass media industry, the relationship between cultural consumption and status, and the social organization of leisure activities from sports to shopping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE I", number:"null", id:"40462", path:"/courses/40462", description:"This didactic course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. Students explore the dynamic interplay between the pathophysiologic basis of disease and the psychosocial and socio-cultural responses to acute and critical illness and injury as they develop clinical decision-making skills. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized. Cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, infectious and prevention issues commonly encountered by adults are covered. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC IN TROUBLED PLACES", number:"null", id:"38995", path:"/courses/38995", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small sitting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:// www.college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php. Fulfills Cross Cultural Analysis Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH/INQUIRY-BASED SERVICE RESIDENCY", number:"null", id:"37652", path:"/courses/37652", description:"This course is designed to facilitate students' intellectual curiosity and independence in exploring the research process relevant to an area of interest. Students expand their research knowledge base provided in NURS 230 and NURS 547 through a structured individualized faculty mentored experience based on specific learning objectives. Students identify a faculty advisor and, in collaboration with the advisor, define learning objectives to guide a plan of study. All research or inquiry residencies are under the guidance of a faculty member in the School of Nursing, but students may also interact with affiliated investigators and clinicians who contribute to and enrich the course. The residency offers students opportunities to experience at any level systematic methods for research, or service-based clinical inquiry or quality improvement. 

This mentored residency can be fulfilled by one of the following options: * Research-based practicum in basic science, clinical research, nursing history, healthcare policy, ethics, or informatics. * Inquiry-based Service practicum such as conducting quality improvement procedures or program evaluations in an affiliated healthcare institution. * Taking one of the University's Academically Based Community Service (ABCS) courses with prior approval by the Steering Committee. * Individualized study abroad experience with prior approval by the Steering Committee.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPSE AS MATERIAL CULTURE IN THE STUDY OF RELIGION", number:"null", id:"36463", path:"/courses/36463", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELDWORK", number:"null", id:"39419", path:"/courses/39419", description:"Students work 15 hours per week in field placement and meet weekly with class and instructors. The class is intended to help students reflect from a variety of perspectives on the work that they are doing in their placement organizations. The class format is primarily discussion. Students are required to complete assigned readings, prepare written and oral presentations, and submit a final project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44191", path:"/courses/44191", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WARNING! GRAPHIC CONTENT", number:"null", id:"43956", path:"/courses/43956", description:"This course examines the past, present and future of political cartooning, underground comix, graphic journalism and protest art, exploring the purpose and significance of image-based communication as an unparalleled propagator of both noble and nefarious idea. The work presented will be chosen for its unique ability to demonstrate the inflammatory effect of weaponized visual jokes, uncensored commentary and critical thinking on a society so often perplexed by artistic free expression and radicalized creative candor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: LATIN LITERATURE: CATULLUS", number:"null", id:"40204", path:"/courses/40204", description:"This course is for those who have completed Latin 204, Latin 212, or equivalent (such as placement score of 650, or AP score of 4 or 5). Close reading and discussion of a Latin author or a particular genre of latin literature. Topics will vary each semester, and the course may be repeated for credit. Assignments will include syntactic and literary analysis on a daily basis, a midterm, a paper, and a final exam. Topic for Spring 2016: Catullus", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTOMATA,COMPUT.& COMPLX", number:"null", id:"43904", path:"/courses/43904", description:"This course explores questions fundamental to computer science such as which problems cannot be solved by computers, can we formalize computing as a mathematical concept without relying upon the specifics of programming languages and computing platforms, and which problems can be solved efficiently. The topics include finite automata and regular languages, context-free grammars and pushdown automata, Turing machines and undecidability, tractability and NP-completeness. The course emphasizes rigorous mathematical reasoning as well as connections to practical computing problems such as test processing, parsing, XML query languages, and program verification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC IN URBAN SPACES", number:"null", id:"43172", path:"/courses/43172", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small sitting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:// www.college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOBOTANY SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"40941", path:"/courses/40941", description:"In this course we will approach the relationship between plants and people from archaeological and anthropological perspectives in order to investigate diverse plant consumption, use, and management strategies. Topics will include: plants as foods and intoxicating beverages; medicines, poisons, and psychoactive plants; plants as building supplies and textiles; wild plant collection, and the origins of plant domestication. Students will learn both field procedures and laboratory methods of archaeobotany through a series of hands-on activities and lab-based experiments. The final research project will involve an original in-depth analysis and interpretation of archaeobotanical specimens. By the end of the course, students will feel comfortable reading and evaluating archaeobotanical literature and will have a solid understanding of how archaeobotanists interpret human activities of the past.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL & VISUAL PERCEPTION: COLOR PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"36337", path:"/courses/36337", description:"Do colors look differently to housepainters or artists than to the layperson? This course explores the evidence from psychology that colors do look differently to experts. It also examines the philosophical implications that follow from this. We will read literature from philosophy and psychology exploring the nature of color, color perception, and perceptual learning. We will dig deep into evidence from psychology that experience changes one's color perception (Delk and Fillenbaum, 1965; Goldstone 1995; and Hansen et al., 2006). Along the way, we will address philosophical questions such as how we can arrive at shared knowledge of color, given that our perceptual systems are flexible, and potentially divergent from one another.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN E. ASIAN ART: Reinstallation of the Chinese Galleries at the PMA", number:"null", id:"42373", path:"/courses/42373", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39678", path:"/courses/39678", description:"Along with CHIN012, CHIN111 and CHIN112, this is the first course of a four-semester sequence. By completing all four semesters, students fulfill the College language requirement. The sequence starts each fall. Students cannot begin their study in the spring. This course is designed primarily for students who have little or no prior exposure to Chinese. The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD FILM HIST TO 1945", number:"null", id:"36902", path:"/courses/36902", description:"This course surveys the history of world film from cinema s precursors to 1945. We will develop methods for analyzing film while examining the growth of film as an art, an industry, a technology, and a political instrument. Topics include the emergence of film technology and early film audiences, the rise of narrative film and birth of Hollywood, national film industries and movements, African-American independent film, the emergence of the genre film (the western, film noir, and romantic comedies), ethnographic and documentary film, animated films, censorship, the MPPDA and Hays Code, and the introduction of sound. We will conclude with the transformation of several film industries into propaganda tools during World War II (including the Nazi, Soviet, and US film industries). In addition to contemporary theories that investigate the development of cinema and visual culture during the first half of the 20th century, we will read key texts that contributed to the emergence of film theory. There are no prerequisites. Students are required to attend screenings or watch films on their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP ISSUES AFR SOCIE", number:"null", id:"40696", path:"/courses/40696", description:"This course will deal with law and society in Africa. After surveying the various legal systems in Africa, the focus will be on how and to what extent the countries of Africa 're-Africanized' their legal systems by reconciling their indigenous law with western law and other legal traditions to create unified legal systems that are used as instruments of social change and development. Toward this end, the experiences of various African countries covering the various legal traditions will be included. Specific focus will be on laws covering both economic and social relations. This emphasis includes laws of contracts and civil wrongs, land law, law of succession, marriage and divorce and Africa's laws of International Relations, among other laws. Throughout this course a comparative analysis with non-African countries will be stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL ECONOMIC HISTORY: Global Economic History: Structure and Change", number:"null", id:"42986", path:"/courses/42986", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER OPER SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"41142", path:"/courses/41142", description:"This course surveys methods and algorithms used in modern operating systems. Concurrent distributed operation is emphasized. The main topics covered are as follows: process synchronization; interprocess communication; concurrent/distributed programming languages; resource allocation and deadlock; virtual memory; protection and security; distributed operation; distributed data; performance evalaution.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"43810", path:"/courses/43810", description:"BIOL 204 examines the basic principles of protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanism, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. The primary objective is to provide life scientists with an appreciation of basic principles of modern biochemistry, and of how the current conceptual and technical framework arose. Emphasis is placed on the experimental approaches and reasoning behind the dissection and reconstitution of these processes in a biological and, in some cases, clinical context. Discussions directed at biochemical problem solving, experimental design and the application of quantitative methods are integral to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SANSKRIT 2ND YEAR PART I", number:"null", id:"42114", path:"/courses/42114", description:"This course will lead students to consolidate their knowledge of Sanskrit grammar and increase their familiarity with Sanskrit literature of all kinds, including epic, literary, philosophical, and narrative genres of texts. It will also introduce students to the study and reading of inscriptional materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN MEMORY", number:"null", id:"43416", path:"/courses/43416", description:"An introduction to the scientific study of humn memory, with a particular emphasis on the interplay between theory and experiment. Topics will include dual store models and the debate over short-term meory, recognition memory for items and associations, the role of time and context in memory formation and retrieval, theories of association, memory for sequences, the influence of prior knowledge on new learning, spatial and navigational memory, perceptual learning, classification and function learning, memory diorders, and developmental changes in memory function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"44776", path:"/courses/44776", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROJECT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"39937", path:"/courses/39937", description:"The course emphasizes a systems engineering approach to project management including the cycle costing and analysis, project scheduling, project organization and control, contract management, project monitoring and negotiations. In addition, the coure will also examine management issues in large infrastructure projects like non-recourse or limited recourse project financing. Examples from the logistics planning process and global software project management will be used to highlight the course topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN MEXICAN SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37917", path:"/courses/37917", description:"An introduction to social, political, and economic organization of modern Mexico. This course traces to evolution of Mexico's fundamental societal institutions from their birth during the Mexican Revolution of 1910, through their flowering during the 1950's and 1960's, to recent changes under neoliberal administrations. The course ends with a discussion of Mexico's transition to democracy and the election of the first opposition President in 80 years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MULTINATIONAL MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"43113", path:"/courses/43113", description:"Multinational management is the study of the international corporation and the global political and economic environment. This course provides an introduction to the more advanced offerings. It covers the historical origins of the multinational corporation, the economics of trade, money and investment in the world economy, and the policies and behavior of governments and international organizations. We place considerable emphasis in understanding the national and historic origins of the international firm, as well as on current issues regarding emerging economies and shifts in the political economy of global markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH & ENTRPSHIP INDIA", number:"null", id:"44739", path:"/courses/44739", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LDERSHP & COMMUN IN GRPS", number:"null", id:"38912", path:"/courses/38912", description:"Through the process of action, reflection, and experimentation, and application, MGMT 100 aims to develop your leadership, teamwork, and communication skills. The course provides many occasions to strengthen your ability to exercise leadership through service, to speak and write persuasively, and to work collaboratively with a diverse group of individuals. Through the course of the term, you will have a heightened sense of your individual strengths and opportunities for growth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE IN AN AGING SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"36258", path:"/courses/36258", description:"Individual and societal influences on the care of older adults are examined in detail within the context of an emerging health care system. Normal changes in physical and psychological health are explored in depth. Significant issues affecting care of older adults and their families at the global and national level are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PIW: THE US PRESIDENCY: LIMITS ON CHIEF EXECUTIVE POWER", number:"null", id:"42031", path:"/courses/42031", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Sustainable Environmental Policy & Global Politics; Shakespeare and Political Theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"39347", path:"/courses/39347", description:"Literature from Spain and Latin America contains a wealth of information about language, history, and culture. The goal of this course is to help students develop skills to carefully read Spanish literary works while preparing them for upper-level courses and study abroad. We begin reviewing the main characteristics of various literary movements and of the four genres (narrative, poetry, theater and essay). During the second part of the semester, students become familiarized with a wide variety of theoretical approaches to the study of literature with the purpose of applying them to their own analytical writing. In the last part of the course students produce their own essays on a text chosen by them and based on research. Sample essays written by other students and included in the textbook will serve as models. Throughout the course students will have ample opportunities to hone their skills through the close reading and class discussion of varied and stimulating works by Miguel de Cervantes, Jorge Luis Borges, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Roberto Bolano, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED KOREAN II", number:"null", id:"38814", path:"/courses/38814", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 211. Students continue to develop functional proficiency in Korean at the advanced-low level. The topics include literature, culture, Korean customs, and social issues in contemporary Korea.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC GENETICS", number:"null", id:"36836", path:"/courses/36836", description:"A detailed analysis of gene structure and expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms. Rapid advances in DNA technology and genomics will be emphasized. The application of these advances to the molecular genetic analysis of development, cell function and disease will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY MATH TEACH PRO", number:"null", id:"43072", path:"/courses/43072", description:"This course allows Penn students to teach a series of hands-on activities to students in math classes at University City High School. The semester starts with an introduction to successful approaches for teaching math in urban high schools. The rest of the semester will be devoted to a series of weekly hands-on activities designed to teach fundamental aspects of geometry. The first class meeting of each week, Penn faculty teach Penn students the relevant mathematical background and techniques for a hands-on activity. During the second session of each week, Penn students will teach the hands-on activity to a small group of UCHS students. The Penn students will also have an opportunity to develop their own activity and to implement it with the UCHS students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"35981", path:"/courses/35981", description:"This course is the continuation of the elementary level sequence designed to develop functional competence in the four skills. Class work emphasizes the further development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN STSC: TECH TO SAVE THE WORLD?", number:"null", id:"43634", path:"/courses/43634", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Science, Technology, and Society Studies, the examination of how cultural, political, and social values affect scientific and technological innovation. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effectiver writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARMACOLOGY OF ANESTHETICS AND ACCESSORY DRUGS", number:"null", id:"37663", path:"/courses/37663", description:"This course explores the various routes of anesthetic administration addressing the potential benefits and risk of each. Special emphasis is placed on specific anesthetic agents and their appropriate use. The responses and common complications associated with these agents are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Hispanic Linguistics", number:"null", id:"39348", path:"/courses/39348", description:"An introduction to articulatory phonetics designed to give the student a practical knowledge of the Spanish sound system as compared with English. Also some work in acoustic phonetics. Students learn to use the phonetic alphabet. Basic work is followed by an introduction to the linguistic analysis of sound systems, with concentration on Spanish and English phonology. Some introductory work on regional and social variations of pronunciation in the Spanish-speaking world. Lastly, an introduction to morphological analysis of language, with particular attention to the structure of the Spanish verb and word formation. Lectures and discussion of readings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHANGING AMER ELECTORATE", number:"null", id:"43390", path:"/courses/43390", description:"In 1960, a Democratic candidate won a very narrow Presidential victory with just 100,000 votes; in 2000, the Democratic candidate lost but received 500,000 more votes than his opponent. Still, contemporary scholars and journalists have made a variety of arguments about just how much the American political landscape changed in the intervening 40 years, often calling recent decades a transform ation. This course explores and critically evaluates those arguments. Key questions include: how, if at all, have Americans political attitudes and ideologie s changed? How have their connections to politics changed? What has this meant for the fortunes and strategies of the two parties? How have the parties base voters and swing voters changed? What changes in American society have advantaged some political messages and parties at the expense of others? Focusing primarily on mass-level politics, we consider a wide range of potential causes, including the role of race in American politics, suburbanization, economic transformations, the evolving constellation and structure of interest groups, declining social capital, the changing role of religion, immigration, and the actions of parties and political elites. For three weeks in the semester, we will take a break from considering broader trends to look at specific elections in some depth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"45268", path:"/courses/45268", description:"Negotiation is the art and the science of creating good agreements between two or more parties. This course develops managerial negotiation skills by mixing lectures and practice, using cases and exercises in which students negotiate with each other. The cases cover a wide range of problems and settings: one-shot deals between individuals, repeated negotiations, negotiations over several issues, and negotiations among several parties (both within and between organizations). Class participation and case studies account for half the course grade. Students will also write about a negotiation experience outside of class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"39119", path:"/courses/39119", description:"Conducting business in a networked economy invariably involves interplay with technology. The purpose of this course is to improve understanding of technology (what it can or cannot enable) and the business drivers of technology-related decisions in firms. We will be discussing some of the new and most disruptive technologies right now to stimulate thought on new applications for commerce and new ventures, as well as their implications to the tech industry as a whole. Topics include social media, online advertising, big data, and cloud computing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY POLISH I", number:"null", id:"36502", path:"/courses/36502", description:"This course is for students who want to acquire the linguistic skills necessary for communication in everyday situations and that would constitute a solid base for further study of the Polish language. In addition students will become acquainted with various aspects of Polish culture (including Polish films), history and contemporary affairs. Students will learn through classroom exercises based on a modern textbook, completion of individual and group assignments and work with various audio and video materials. The textbook Hurra - Po Polsku 1 is written in the spirit of the communicative approach, which makes it possible to communicate from the very beginning of the learning process. The special attention, however, will be paid on systematic development of all language skills: listening, reading, speaking and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SR THESIS/BIOMED SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36788", path:"/courses/36788", description:"An intensive independent project experience incorporating both technical and non-technical aspects of the student's chosen career path. Chosen topic should incorporate elements from the student's career path electives, and may involve advisors for both technical and non-technical elements. Topics may range from biomedical research to societal, technological and business aspects of Bioengineering. A proposal, regular progress reports and meetings with a faculty advisor, a written thesis, and a presentation are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"39956", path:"/courses/39956", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic principles, strategies and processes of photographic practice. It is designed to broaden the student's aesthetic explorations and to help the student develop a visual language based on cross-disciplinary artistic practice. Through a series of projects and exercises students will be exposed to a range of camera formats, techniques and encouraged to experiment with the multiple modes and roles of photography - both analogue and digital. Attention will also be given to developing an understanding of critical aesthetic and historical issues in photography. Students will examine a range of historical and contemporary photowork as an essential part of understanding the possibilities of image making. This course is primarily for freshman and sophomores.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ART, DESIGN AND DIGITAL CULTURE", number:"null", id:"35752", path:"/courses/35752", description:"This course is an introduction to the fundamental perception, representation, aesthetics, and design that shape today's visual culture. It addresses the way artists and designers create images; design with analog and digital tools; communicate, exchange, and express meaning over broad range of media; and find their voices within the fabric of contemporary art, design, and visual culture. Emphasis is placed on building an extended form of visual literacy by studying and making images using a variety of representation techniques; learning to organize and structure two-dimensional and three-dimensional space, and designing with time-based and procedural media. Students learn to develop an individual style of idea-generation, experimentation, iteration, and critique as part of their creative and critical responses to visual culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CONV/COMP II", number:"null", id:"43460", path:"/courses/43460", description:"Primary emphasis on speaking, writing, and listening. Development of advanced conversational skills needed to carry a discussion or to deliver a complex narrative. This course will be based on a wide variety of topics from everyday life to the discussion of political and cultural events. Russian culture and history surveyed briefly. Materials include Russian TV broadcast, newspapers, Internet, selected short stories by contemporary Russian writers. Offered each spring.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN THEORY II", number:"null", id:"36754", path:"/courses/36754", description:"This course examines the development of geometries in modern architecture. Primary and secondary texts are used to explore the origin and evolution of geometrical thinking in architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPIGENETICS", number:"null", id:"36845", path:"/courses/36845", description:"This course investigates epigenetic phenomena: heritable alternate states of gene activity that do not result from an alteration in nucleotide composition (mutations). Epigenetic mechanisms regulate genome accessibility and cell differentiation. They play a key role in normal development and in oncogenesis. For example both mammalian X-chromosome inactivation and nuclear transfer (cloning) are subject to epigenetic regulation. Amongst the epigenetic mechanisms we will discuss in this course are chromatin organization, histone modification, DNA methylation and non-coding RNAs. The course is geared toward advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate students and is a combination of lectures, student presentations and research presentations by guest speakers. Students will work with the current scientific literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP DEV: MERG & ACQUIS", number:"null", id:"41742", path:"/courses/41742", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfil the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: Legal Rights for Nature (NON-LPS)", number:"null", id:"45321", path:"/courses/45321", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGED CARE & INTEG HC: MANAGED CARE AND INDUSTRIAL ORGANIZATION OF HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"44286", path:"/courses/44286", description:"This course, co-taught with Brad Fluegel (former Executive VP of Wellpoint, Inc and current Chief Strategy Officer at Walgreens) will focus on two interrelated topics: managed care and market structure. The section on managed care will cover strategic planning and marketing of managed care services, operational issues in developing a managed care network, actuarial issues, and the management of physician behavior. The section on health care market structure will analyze strategies of vertical integration and horizontal integration (M+As), and their attempt to alter the balance of power in local healthcare markets. The section will also analyze the operational issues in managing cost and quality in an integrated system, integration along the supply chain, and the performance of these systems, and the bargaining and negotiation between hospitals, physicians, and health plans.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FILIPINO II", number:"null", id:"38076", path:"/courses/38076", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THINKING ABT CAPITALISM", number:"null", id:"37331", path:"/courses/37331", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONSUMERS,FIRMS & MARKET", number:"null", id:"35364", path:"/courses/35364", description:"Nearly four-fifths of the world's population lives in low income or developing countries. Though currently far behind the U.S., the 15 fastest growing economies/markets in the world are all developing countries. And developing countries already account for 6 of the world's 15 largest economies. This course will examine economic life, including consumers, firms and markets, in low income countries. We will apply both economic theory and empirical analysis for analyzing the roles of both business and government in consumption, production and market equilibria.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIFE AND WRITING:  PREMODERN WOMEN", number:"null", id:"39857", path:"/courses/39857", description:"This course will focus on questions of gender difference and of sexual desire in a range of literary works, paying special attention to works by women and treatments of same-sex desire. More fundamentally, the course will introduce students to questions about the relation between identity and representation. We will attend in particular to intersections between gender, sexuality, race, class, and nation, and will choose from a rich vein of authors: Mary Wollstonecraft, Jane Austen, Mary Shelley, Lord Byron, the Brontes, Christina Rossetti, George Eliot, Oscar Wilde, Henry James, Gertrude Stein, Zora Neale Hurston, E. M. Forster, Virginia Woolf, Nella Larsen, Radclyffe Hall, Willa Cather, Elizabeth Bishop, Jean Rhys, James Baldwin, Sylvia Plath, Bessie Head, Audre Lorde, Adrienne Rich, Cherr?e Moraga, Toni Morrison, Michael Cunningham, Dorothy Allison, Jeanette Winterson, and Leslie Feinberg.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOVOLTAIC SYS ENG", number:"null", id:"42753", path:"/courses/42753", description:"This course will present the engineering basis for photovoltaic (PV) system design, The overall aim is for engineering students to understand the what, why, and how associated with the electrical, mechanical, economic, and aesthetic aspects of PV system. The course will introduce additional practical design considerations, added to the theoretical background, associated with pertinent electro-mechanical design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP II", number:"null", id:"39825", path:"/courses/39825", description:"This course is the sequel to EAS 545 and focuses on the planning process for a new technology venture. Like its prerequisite, the course is designed expressly for students of engineering and applied science having a keen interest in technological innovation. Whereas EAS 545 investigates the sequential stages of engineering entrepreneurship from the initial idea through the early growth phase of a startup company, EAS 546 provides hands-on experience in developing a business plan for such a venture. Working in teams, students prepare and present a comprehensive business plan for a high-tech opportunity. The course expands on topics from EAS 545 with more in-depth attention to: industry and marketplace analysis; competitive strategies related to high-tech product/service positioning, marketing, development and operations; and preparation of sound financial plans. Effective written and verbal presentation skills are emphasized throughout the course. Ultimately, each team presents its plan to a distinguished panel of recognized entrepreneurs, investors and advisors from the high-tech industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"37024", path:"/courses/37024", description:"The relationship of economic principles to law and the use of economic analysis to study legal problems. Topics will include: property rights and intellectual property; analysis of antitrust and economic analysis of legal decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS COMM IN KOREAN", number:"null", id:"41628", path:"/courses/41628", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. This course is designed to help students improve their Korean language proficiency by learning essential communication skills necessary to engage in business in Korea. Students will also develop their knowledge of and competence in Korean business culture and practice. The course objectives include: (1) to learn essential business terms, advanced grammar structures and communication strategies in business transactions; (2) to learn Korean business customs and culture, work norms, and business etiquette that students need to successfully communicate in a Korean business context. Topics include job application, business correspondence and reports, discussion and presentation in business meetings, communication styles and strategies in business contexts, current business culture, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIDDLE EGYPTIAN TEXTS", number:"null", id:"43681", path:"/courses/43681", description:"This course will deal with those texts of the Middle Kingdom that are written in the classical form of the language. It will include both monumental inscriptions, such as autobiographical stela inscriptions (P. Newberry, BENI HASSAN) and stelae (Seth, LESESTUCKE) as well as narratives in prose (DeBuck, READING BOOK). Religious texts (ibid. and COFFIN TEXTS) will also be studied and analyzed. Distinctions between the grammar of the literary and non-literary genres will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUG DISCOVERY & DEVELOP", number:"null", id:"38253", path:"/courses/38253", description:"Part A. Intro to Drug Discovery; Overview of Pharmaceutical Industry and Drug Development Costs, Timelines; High Throughput Screening (HTS): Assay Design and Sensitivity Solid Phase Synthesis and Combinatorial Chemistry; Enzyme Kinetics; Fluorescence, Linearity, Inner-filter effect, quenching; Time dynamics of a Michaelis-Menton Reaction; Competitive Inhibitor; FLINT, FRET, TRF, FP, SPA, alpha-screen; Enzyme HTS (protease); Cell based screening; Fura-2 ratio, loading signaling; Gfpcalmodulin-gfp integrated calcium response; Estrogen/ERE-Luc HTS; Problems with cell based screening (toxicity, permeability, nonspecificity); Instrumentation, Robotics/Automation; Z-factor; SAR, Positioning Scanning; Microarray HTS; IC50, % Conversion in HTS and IC50, Assay Optimization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER SIGN LANGUAGE II", number:"null", id:"41652", path:"/courses/41652", description:"Increased communication skill in American Sign Language (ASL). Expressive and receptive abilities are expanded upon via a contextualized and conversational manner Important topics to Deaf communities and Deaf culture are continued within online and in-class discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-Managing Fixed Income Portfolios", number:"null", id:"42834", path:"/courses/42834", description:"The goal of this course is to teach you how to manage a real portfolio of Treasury, sovereign, corporate and mortgage bonds. We develop three basic models for the Treasury yield curve, corporate and sovereign credit spreads, and use these models to find value in the bond market. To implement the concepts learned in class, students form teams to manage a paper portfolio using Barclays Point, a state-of-the-art portfolio management system. Your team trades a $1 billion portfolio of bonds for which your goal will be to outperform the Barclays Aggregate Index. You trade real securities at real prices - only the money is fake. We begin by relating the term structure of interest rates to the market's view of the fundamental macroeconomic states of growth, unemployment, and inflation. To do this we need to understand a multifactor term structure model, which extends the Vasicek model you studied in the prerequisite course. Any bond other than a Treasury has an embedded option, either to default, prepay, or in some other way reduce the promised payments to bondholders. Robert Merton was the first to recognize explicitly that any corporate bond can be evaluated by calculating the value of the default option. Merton's model and its extensions are currently the state of the art models used in asset management firms for valuing bonds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO QUEER STUDIES: Introduction to Queer Studies", number:"null", id:"42896", path:"/courses/42896", description:"This course will introduce students to the historical and intellectual forces that led to the emergence of queer theory as a distinct field, as well as to recent and ongoing debates about gender, sexuality, embodiment, race, privacy, global power, and social norms. We will begin by tracing queer theory's conceptual heritage and prehistory in psychoanalysis, deconstruction and poststructuralism, the history of sexuality, gay and lesbian studies, woman-of-color feminism, the feminist sex wars, and the AIDS crisis. We will then study the key terms and concepts of the foundational queer work of the 1990s and early 2000s. Finally, we will turn to the new questions and issues that queer theory has addressed in roughly the past decade. Students will write several short papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFORMANCE STUDIO", number:"null", id:"38546", path:"/courses/38546", description:"This course supports the individual and collaborative production of performance works. As the medium of performance consists of diverse forms, actions, activities, practices and methodologies, the course allows for an open exploration in terms of material and form. Students are invited to utilize technologies, materials and methodologies from other mediums and/or disciplines such as video, photography, writing and sound. In addition to the production component, the course will examine multiple histories of performance through readings, screenings and directed research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND TECH OF IMAGING 2", number:"null", id:"35358", path:"/courses/35358", description:"This course is a continuation of the course Fundamental Techniques of Imaging 1 (BE546). It builds upon the fall course instruction and continues to expose students to the fundamentals of modern techniques in biological and in vivo biomedical imaging. This course consists of a series of hands-on lab exercises, covering major imaging modalities, but also extends to non-radiology modalities of interest in biological, pathological or animal imaging (e.g., optical imaging). Topics include SPECT, Micro-CT, diffuse optical spectroscopy, in vivo fluorescence imaging, and computed tomography. The course will continue to emphasize the hands-on aspects of all areas of imaging and imaging analysis. Small groups of students will be led by a faculty member with technical assistance as appropriate.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"43610", path:"/courses/43610", description:"Permission of Instructor Required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"43880", path:"/courses/43880", description:"Chin 312 is a continuation of Chinese 311, training speaking, listening, reading and writing skills so to reach the advanced-low or advanced-mid level of proficiency. Major topics of the course include Chinese food culture, Chinese architecture, Confucianism in modern China, 'educated youth', democracy, and cross-Taiwan Strait relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN CHRONOBIOL & SLEEP", number:"null", id:"35377", path:"/courses/35377", description:"Topics to be covered include basic principles of chronobiology; neuroscience mechanisms of circadian rhythms and sleep; phylogeny and ontongeny of sleep; human sleep and sleep disorders; circadian dysfunction; circadian and sleep homeostatic influences in human health and safety.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF LAW", number:"null", id:"40527", path:"/courses/40527", description:"This course is an introduction to the Philosophy of law. The central question of the course is this: why have law? Answering that question requires engaging with another question: what is law? We will approach those two questions in a variety of ways throughout the semester. In the first section of the course, we will begin by discussing one important feature of law: its close connection to coercion and punishment. Many have argued that the close relationship between law and coercion creates a demand for justification: what can or does justify law, given that law involves coercion? We will explore answers to that question. We will also consider a more general question: what good is law? (if we didn't have law, why might we want it?) The second section of the course engages with these same issues but in more concrete settings: the areas of criminal law and property law. We will consider what, if anything, is distinctive about those two areas of law, and we will consider whether the purported purpose(s) of law in general that we discuss in the first section make more or less sense when we consider these two specific areas of law. We will also consider distinctive aspects of the sources of law in these two areas of law: democratically enacted statutes, in the case of criminal law; and judge-made common law, in the case of property law.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEM GLOBAL ENGL: GLOBAL CITIES", number:"null", id:"39442", path:"/courses/39442", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum, and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. The Global English seminars focus on a scholarly topic within the field of global English -- for example, studies of films or literature written in English by non-native speakers; global human rights; digital culture; and other other topics that are published in English but are written by and for non-native as well as native speakers of the language. Along with this global focus, what distinguishes the Global English seminars is that they are intended for international students and sensitive to their needs, including adapting to college life in the U.S., and focusing on the conventions and specificities of American English academic and public writing. International students often particularly enjoy these small seminars in their first years as a means of meeting other students from throughout the world who are making a similar adjustment to life in the States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STOCH CAL & FIN APPL", number:"null", id:"37962", path:"/courses/37962", description:"Selected topics in the theory of probability and stochastic processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTMP POL,POLICY,JOURN", number:"null", id:"35550", path:"/courses/35550", description:"A course on the modern media and its impact on government and politics. It primarily covers the post-Watergate/post-Vietnam era of journalism, the past quarter century. Each week focuses on specific topics and areas of post-Watergate journalism, as well as current press coverage of national events over the prior week. This course gives students the opportunity to interact and discuss the intersection of the press, politics, and public policy with some of the leading practitioners in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL LAW", number:"null", id:"37810", path:"/courses/37810", description:"This course intends to familiarize the student with the concept of 'law', its use as a constitutive and regulative force in the international arena, and the expanding scope of international law through the inclusion of transnational law and human rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROUNDBREAKING POETS AND TRADITIONAL FORMS", number:"null", id:"44079", path:"/courses/44079", description:"The course explores an aspect of 20th-century poetry intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS:MECH,HEAT,SOUND", number:"null", id:"41977", path:"/courses/41977", description:"An introduction to the classical laws of motion, including kinematics, forces in nature, Newton's laws of motion, conservation of energy and momentum, fluid statics and dynamics, oscillations, and waves. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 101 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RITUAL COMMUNICATION", number:"null", id:"38370", path:"/courses/38370", description:"This course explores the significance of rituals as communicative events in American culture. We will examine both the 'how' and the 'what' of ritual communication and, with the aid of several ritual theorists, we will come to better understand the unique language of ritual. We will pay particular attention to the ways in which rituals contribute to the making and re-making of social groups, be they religious, political, familial or institutional. And we will necessarily attend to the obverse: the ways in which rituals create and perpetuate boundaries between 'us' and 'them' and between 'appropriate' and 'deviant' social behavior. Starting with birth and ending with death, this course will focus largely on what are called 'lifecycle' rituals or 'rites de passage'. We will look at rituals that focus on individual transitions -- the quinceanera for example -- as well as those that mark transitions on a far larger scale such as presidential elections. We will explore rituals that unfold at the local level and are experienced 'up close' as well as those that most Americans experience only via the media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"37427", path:"/courses/37427", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS ADV KOREAN", number:"null", id:"37403", path:"/courses/37403", description:"This course aims to develop an in-depth understanding of Korean culture and society through the analysis of spoken and written Korean discourse. Students will engage with key sociolinguistic concepts of politeness, hierarchy, solidarity, power, age, and gender, and enhance their advanced vocabulary, grammar, and conversational skills. Students will also develop their abilities in conversation management, self-presentation, socialization, and sense of socio-cultural appropriateness, and gain a better understanding of how native speakers cultural practices are reflected in language use and how interpersonal relationships are built and maintained through language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Culture and Identity of the Lusophone World", number:"null", id:"44805", path:"/courses/44805", description:"Topics vary. For current course description, please see department's webpage: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAMATURGY", number:"null", id:"36592", path:"/courses/36592", description:"This course will examine the functions and methods of the dramaturg--the person in the theatrical process who advises the artistic collaborators on (among other things) new play development, the structure of the script, the playwright's biography and other writings, the play's first production and its subsequent production history, and the historical and regional details of the period depicted in the plays action. We will study the history of the dramaturg in the American theatre and discuss contemporary issues relating to the dramaturg's contribution to the theatrical production (including the legal debates about the dramaturg's contribution to the creation of RENT). And, in creative teams, the class will create dramaturgical portfolios for a season of imaginary (and, potentially, a few actual) theatrical productions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWEDISH I", number:"null", id:"40671", path:"/courses/40671", description:"In part one of the intermediate year, students will research and explore a broad range of topics using authentic sources and course materials to gain greater fluency and familiarity with language and culture. You will meet native Swedish speakers and visit Swedish organizations in the Philadelphia area. Projects and assignments will give you ample opportunity to explore areas that are of special interest to you from academic, professional, and personal perspectives. We will learn about Swedish innovation, business, socio-economic and political structures, geography, tourism, migration, history, and about what it is like to live in Sweden today.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC GENETICS", number:"null", id:"41052", path:"/courses/41052", description:"A detailed analysis of gene structure and expression in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic organisms. Rapid advances in DNA technology and genomics will be emphasized. The application of these advances to the molecular genetic analysis of development, cell function and disease will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - HEDGE FUNDS", number:"null", id:"40014", path:"/courses/40014", description:"This course will cover critical aspects and characteristics of hedge funds and the hedge fund industry. It will look at the legal foundations and structures of hedge funds including the primary regulations in the U.S. and abroad that are most relevant for hedge funds. It will also present the major hedge fund strategies, describe operation, control, administration, due diligence and valuation issues. Performance evaluation and investing in hedge funds from the investor's perspective will be discussed as will be issues of potential changes in regulation, risk management, and the use of leverage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"36334", path:"/courses/36334", description:"This is an Academically Based Community Service (ABCS) course in the philosophy of education. Students must have a permit to enroll in the course, and permits will be granted after a brief interview with the course instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI & RELIG GLOBAL PERSP", number:"null", id:"44981", path:"/courses/44981", description:"This survey course provides a thematic overview of science and religion from antiquity to the present. We will treat well-known historical episodes, such as the emergence of Muslim theology, the Galileo Affair and Darwinism, but also look beyond them. This course is designed to cover all major faith traditions across the globe as well as non-traditional belief systems such as the New Age movement and modern Atheism", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"44358", path:"/courses/44358", description:"Seminar in international relations. Second semester of a two semester sequence including review of advanced international relations theory and research methods for the preparation of the senior thesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO SOCI RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"40682", path:"/courses/40682", description:"One of the defining characteristics of all the social sciences, including sociology, ia a commitment to empirical research as the basis for knowledge. This course is designed to provide you with a basic uderstanding of research in the social sciences and to enable you to think like a social scientist. Through this course students will learn both the logic of sociological inquiry and the nuts and bolts of doing empirical research. We will focus on such issues as the relationship between theory and research, the logic of research design, issues of conceptualization and measurement, basic methods of data collection, and what social scientists do with data once they have collected them. By the end of the course, students will have completed sociological research projects utilizing different empirical methods, be able to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of various research strategies, and read (with understanding) published accounts of social science research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPECTIVES ON ORG DYN: PERSPECTIVES ON ORGANIZATIONAL DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"36994", path:"/courses/36994", description:"'Perspectives' is both a fundamental and integrating course intended for MSOD students at any point in the program who wish to understand and deploy a multiplicity of dynamics operative in organizations and in the minds that create and inhabit them. It is particularly useful for those in their first year and for non-MSOD students. One key focus is on understanding the implicit mental and emotional frameworks or metaphors that 'inform' organizing so that we can virtually see more robust and complex approaches to effectiveness and to leadership within them. Several faculty members highlight their specialties. One special theme examines new management models and thinking frameworks designed to prevail in a 21st century context. Lectures, discussion, and experiential learning are used to build an informed grounding in the history, philosophy, theory and practice of Organizational Dynamics. The course requirements are active class participation, potential application projects/weekly journal, a midterm paper and a final paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE NP: PROFESSIONAL ROLE AND CLINICAL PRACTICUM I", number:"null", id:"43265", path:"/courses/43265", description:"This didactic and clinical fieldwork course explores issues relevant to the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner within the complex U.S. health care system. Role development, reimbursement issues, provision of quality and ethical care and evidence-based nursing and medical interventions are introduced and discussed in the classroom. Clinical fieldwork focuses on assessment of complex acute, critical and chronically-ill patients for urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data, to evaluate for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions, development of differential diagnoses, application of diagnostic reasoning and formulation, implementation, evaluation and modification of individualized plans of care including pharmacological and non-pharmacological modalities. Development of advanced clinical competencies and clinical decision making abilities about adults across the age continuum is emphasized. .", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TOPICS IN PE", number:"null", id:"42831", path:"/courses/42831", description:"This course will address a variety of applied topics in private equity (PE), with a focus on growth and later-stage buyout transactions (venture capital is not explicitly addressed in this course), and a primarily U.S.-centric view that should be largely applicable in other markets. In addition, the course will focus on the transaction stage of PE investing i.e., the art of the deal and mostly leave aside deal sourcing, portfolio management and investor relations. The goal of this course is to educate students about the substance, process and mechanics of PE investing, through the lens of the investment professionals, counterparties and advisors that drive transactions to completion. Course topics will address the entire deal process, and will include the following: Commercial Diligence (incl. financial modeling); Debt Financing; Accounting Diligence; Sales & Purchase Agreements; Comps Analysis; and Other Advisory Work. Throughout the course, students will learn about each element of the deal process through in-class lectures, while concurrently apply those learnings to a real-time mock deal, and preparing dealmaterials that mirror a real private equity transaction. The in-class lectures will cover both conceptual frameworks and real-world examples.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND LAW", number:"null", id:"39864", path:"/courses/39864", description:"An introduction not only to representations of the law and legal processes in literary texts, but also to the theories of reading, representation, and interpretation that form the foundation of both legal and literary analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"45049", path:"/courses/45049", description:"Wharton 398 is a for-credit, interactive business simulationthat provides Wharton seniors with the opportunity to draw on their business knowledge - finance, management, marketing, leadership, and social responsibility - while formulating and executing business strategy in a competative, team-based environment. Utilizing real-time problem solving within a dynamic simulation environment, teams design and implement strategic plans, integrate feedback from the consequences of those decisions, and interact with other teams to create shareholder and social value.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL-ORGANIC CHEM", number:"null", id:"41097", path:"/courses/41097", description:"Undergraduate organic chemistry is a prerequisite. Overview of the principles governing organic bonding, structure, and properties. Quantum calculations as well as laboratory thermodynamic and kinetic measurements used in understanding organic chemical reactions will be surveyed. Mechanisms will be discussed but will not be covered in detail. As such, registration in Chem 441 (Mechanisms) or the completion of it's equivalent is strongly recommended (see instructor).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"38876", path:"/courses/38876", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying arithmetic, algebra, linear algebra, groups, rings and fields. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"36632", path:"/courses/36632", description:"Permission of Instructor Required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDG CLASSICAL JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"37005", path:"/courses/37005", description:"Readings in classical texts drawn from the Heian, Kamakura, Muromachi, and Edo periods. Introduction to the different styles of classical Japanese, and to classical Japanese as a whole.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & PRAC OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"36130", path:"/courses/36130", description:"This course is designed for those persons who desire to understand the distinct strategies and practices of family-controlled companies and family wealth management. It will focus on shareholder decision making; financial and market driven options for long-run competitiveness, organizational structures and management team issues; strategic planning from a resource-based perspective; transition planning for the corporate entity, wealth, leadership and relationships; family dynamics and communication issues; and leadership empowerment. The course is intended for those who plan to consult or provide professional services to family-controlled companies and for those planning a career in their family firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACROECONOMICS (HALF CU)", number:"null", id:"38608", path:"/courses/38608", description:"FNCE 615 Introduction To Macroeconomics and The Global Economic Environment (Half Cu) is intended for non-finance majors. It is a half-semester course in macroeconomics, with an emphasis on current events and policy applications. The goal of this course is to provide the foundation needed to recognize and understand broad economic and financial movements in the global economy. Key topics include national income accounting, production and economic growth, employment, business cycles, monetary and fiscal policy, and international finance. By the end of this course, students will be able to evaluate and discuss the global economic environment in which business and financial decisions are made. PLEASE NOTE: This course will not count towards a Finance Major", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Spirituality in the Age of Global Warming", number:"null", id:"43447", path:"/courses/43447", description:"We are living in the midst of one of the most severe crises in the Earth's history. Science confirms the glaciers are melting, hurricanes are growing more intense, and the oceans are rising. But there is also a deeply spiritual dimension to global warming that does not factor into the scientific explanations of the Anthropocene. 'Spirituality' will be defined not in terms of one particular religion, but in relationship to a passionate study of the environment and nature. Readings will include materials from both the sciences and the humanities such as Donella Meadows's Thinking in Systems, Elizabeth Kolbert's The Sixth Extinction, Barbara Kingsolver's Flight Behavior, and films such as Black Fish and Wale Rider. The theoretical focus of the course will be how 'multispecies partnerships' can help us better understand and mitigate the effects of Climate Change. This class will work collaboratively on a digital archive with an interactive mapping interface designed in Scalar. This newly developed platform allows for the creation of multimedia exhibits that will document how Global Warming is affecting coral reefs in the tropics, glaciers in the Arctic and Antarctic, rainforests in the Amazon and rivers of Philadelphia. Students will also work individually to design interactive maps on the Scalar platform documenting their own more", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF MATH: Philosophy of Mathematics", number:"null", id:"39164", path:"/courses/39164", description:"The course will focus on the development of the foundations and philosophy of mathematics from the late nineteenth-century through the present day. Topics will include logicism, formalism, intuitionism, and the foundations of set theory. Ample consideration will be given to some of the fundamental results of mathematical logic, such as the Godel incompleteness theorems and the independence of the Continuum Hypothesis from Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory, that have had a profound impact on contemporary approaches to the philosophy of mathematics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHAEOMETALLURGY SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"38118", path:"/courses/38118", description:"This course is designed to provide an in-depth analysis of archaeological metals. Topics to be discussed include: exploitation of ore and its transformation to metal in ancient times, distribution of metal as a raw materials, provenance studies, development and organization of early metallurgy, and interdisciplinary investigations of metals and related artifacts like slag and crucibles. Students will become familiar with the full spectrum of analytical procedures, ranging from microscopy for materials characterization to mass spectrometry for geochemical fingerprinting, and will work on individual research projects analyzing archaeological objects following the analytical methodology of archaeometallurgy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONS, POL AND MARKETS", number:"null", id:"38186", path:"/courses/38186", description:"This course is designed for students who are interested in pursuing an international career and for those who plan to work for industrial and financial corporations that operate in emerging markets. The course will deal with the economic and political problems of macroeconomic adjustment, corruption, the transition economies, and international financial transactions. All of these topics will be illustrated with in-depth studies of economies in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION", number:"null", id:"41199", path:"/courses/41199", description:"Historical origins, purpose, theory, practice of freedom of expression in the United States. Philosophical roots of contemporary law and debates about expressive limits, especially problems associated with media of communication. Major topics include, but are not limited to traitorous and subversive speech, insulting speech and hate speech, sexual and violent expression, non-verbal expression, artistic expression.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUNIOR RESEARCH SEMINAR:  CANTERBURY TALES", number:"null", id:"39876", path:"/courses/39876", description:"This course offers junior English majors the opportunity to design and undertake a semester-long research and writing project in an advanced seminar setting. Discussions will address debates within the field/period/topic of the course, research methods, and advanced writing and critical thinking issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHOTOGRAPHIC THINKING", number:"null", id:"39964", path:"/courses/39964", description:"This course will explore the vitality and range of photography as a discursive practice by analyzing the way images are structured and deployed in contemporary art and wider media culture. Students will be introduced to the key issues surrounding photography now- led through these questions by lectures, readings, group discussion and project-based work. A series of photo-assignments challenge the students to integrate critical thought with practice, exploring a range of formal strategies and thematic frameworks that affect the meaning of their images. Students should have a strong interest in philosophy and art histories (especially the history of photography.) They should be motivated to work independently & experiment creatively. There are no prerequisites for this course. It is intended for all different levels of technical experience, but the minimum requirements are a digital camera, a basic familiarity with Photoshop and access to a computer with imaging software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE RNA WORLD: A FUNCTIONAL AND COMPUTATIONAL ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"43832", path:"/courses/43832", description:"A focused study of genomic, biochemical, cellular, and molecular aspects of RNA. Topics of study will include RNA structure, RNA processing and turnover, splicing, ribozymes and riboswitches, RNA editing and modification, RNA interference, endogenous eukaryotic RNA silencing pathways, small RNA biology, computational methodologies for studying RNA biology, and RNA viruses. Lectures, students presentations, and discussions will be based on readings from the primary literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPANDED DOCUMENTARY", number:"null", id:"38582", path:"/courses/38582", description:"The sites and situations of documentary in our culture have exploded exponentially - from standardized formulas (like reality tv), to social media and cross-platform journalism. In contemporary art, documentary practice has also significantly expanded and diversified. Since the early 2000's, with several influential exhibitions following Documenta XI, a new generation of artists have taken up the ambition of depicting our social reality, and have done so by re-engaging and re-inventing the documentary mode. This intermediate course will examine this vital contemporary field and will also offer students a comprehensive introduction to the history of documentary practice. We will investigate a series of key questions regarding the relation between politics and aesthetics, mediums and mobility, how documents function to both approximate and deny a sense of 'reality' and perhaps most importantly-what kinds of social, political or personal realities you want to propose in your artwork. The class will be driven by a series of studio assignments and practical experimentation. Although there will be an emphasis on photography and video, students will also explore a multiplicity of strategies and forms (including archival display, essayistic installation, image-text relationships, and the documentation of performance.)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS I", number:"null", id:"36051", path:"/courses/36051", description:"Brief review of High School calculus, applications of integrals, transcendental functions, methods of integration, infinite series, Taylor's theorem, and first order ordinary differential equations. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE/HEALNG IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"35585", path:"/courses/35585", description:"This course explores Chinese medicine and healing culture, its diversity, and its change over time. We will discuss topics including the establishment of canonical medicine, Daoist approaches to healing and longevity, diverse views of the body and disease, the emergence of treatments for women, medical construction of sex difference and imagination of female sexuality, the thriving and decline of female healers, the identity of scholar physicians, the transmission of medical knowledge, domestic and cross-regional drug market, healer-patient relations, and new visions of traditional Chinese medicine in modern China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING LAB I", number:"null", id:"39580", path:"/courses/39580", description:"The first of two laboratory courses that are taken during the junior year. The goal of these laboratories is to provide students with hands-on experience in utilizing fundamental engineering skills to solve complex medical problems. Topics vary from year to year but generally include instrumentation, analog and electronics, fluid transport, pharmacokinetics, and engineering physiology. The course includes a lecture component and laboratory experiments. Students work in teams and submit assignments, a midterm, lab reports, and a final lab practical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSIC & THE BRAIN", number:"null", id:"42412", path:"/courses/42412", description:"Every human culture that has ever been described makes some form of music. The musics of different cultures cover a wide range of styles, but also display fascinating similarities, and a number of features are shared by even the most disparate musical traditions. Within our own culture, music is inescapable-there are very few individuals who do not listen to some form of music every day and far more who listen to music virtually all day long. Appreciation of music comes very early: newborns prefer music to normal speech and mothers all over the world sing to their babies in a fundamentally similar way. And yet, despite this seeming ubiquity, the real origin and purpose of music remains unknown. Music is obviously related to language, but how? Why do so many cultures make music in such fundamentally similar ways? What goes into the formation of music 'taste' and preferences? Does music have survival value, or is it merely 'auditory cheesecake', a superfluous byproduct of evolution as some critics have maintained? What is the nature of musical ability and how do musicians differ from non-musicians?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LETTERPRESS & RISOGRAPH: INTRO TO MULTIMEDIA PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"37158", path:"/courses/37158", description:"This studio course introduces students to the world of printmaking and circulation through techniques in letterpress and Risograph (a high-speed digital printing system developed in Japan in the 1980s), in addition to Xerox, laser, inkjet, and off-set printing, focusing particularly on the format of prints, artists' ephemera, and the role of ephemera in understanding culture. Studnets will create their own broadsides, flyers, announcement cards, and independent publications throughout the course, exploring ways in which artists, designers, musicians, and activists make or have made use of the print to disseminate information; initiate happenings; advertise events; or format change. Studnets will learn about some of the most significant producers working within this realm - from Conceptualists to punk bands - and develop skills in page layout, typography, and design; mechanized and hand-pulled press operations; and digital to analog pre-press and post-print production methods. 

This course is designed for highly motivated students and requires out-of-class time commitment. However, no prior coursework is required. Students from all levels and backgrounds are encourged to register. The course employs combined collaborative / self-directed approaches to learning to enhance students' understandings of ways in which print media and multiples serve as vital conduits for disseminating ideas involving visual art, popular culture, literature, politics, performance and many other topics students will wish to explore.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Business Strategy", number:"null", id:"41725", path:"/courses/41725", description:"This course encourages students to analyze the problems of managing the total enterprise in the domestic and international setting. The focus is on the competitive strategy of the firm, examining issues central to its long- and short-term competitive position. Students act in the roles of key decision-makers or their advisors and solve problems related to the development or maintenance of the competitive advantage of the firm in a given market. The first module of the course develops an understanding of key strategic frameworks using theoretical readings and case-based discussions. Students will learn concepts and tools for analyzing the competitive environment, strategic position and firm-specific capabilities in order to understand the sources of a firm's competitive advantage. In addition, students will address corporate strategy issues such as the economic logic and administrative challenges associated with diversification choices about horizontal and vertical integration. The second module will be conducted as a multi-session, computer-based simulation in which students will have the opportunity to apply the concepts and tools from module 1 to make strategic decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRTG FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"37788", path:"/courses/37788", description:"Portuguese for the Professions is designed for advanced-level students to develop their ability to use a wide technical vocabulary. The course will cover an array of topics in the areas of Economy, Politics, Science, Technology, Law and others as they pertain to the societies and cultures of the Lusophone countries, with particular emphasis placed on Brazil. Through readings, movies, discussions, essays and presentations, students will enhance their ability to write about and discuss these topics while employing the appropriate technical vocabulary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET LAW & POLICY", number:"null", id:"38831", path:"/courses/38831", description:"The Internet has become central to business and daily life. This course looks at how courts, legislatures, and regulators confront the major legal issues that the Internet poses. The fundamental challenge is that law comes from governments and other institutions in specific places, but the Internet is global and virtual. Conflicts such as the shutdown of the Napster peer-to-peer file-sharing service and the debate over 'network neutrality' regulations for broadband access illustrate the challenge. How does the legal system think about Google, Skype, Twitter, and Facebook? How should it?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"40515", path:"/courses/40515", description:"Philosophers ask difficult questions about the most basic issues in human life. Does God exist? What is real? What can we know about the world? What does it mean to have a mind? Do I have free will? What should I do? How should we live together? Do our lives have meaning? This course is an introduction to some of these questions and to the methods philosophers have developed for thinking clearly about them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"35784", path:"/courses/35784", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOLKLORE", number:"null", id:"41443", path:"/courses/41443", description:"This course will examine American expressive culture, including everyday speech, narrative, music, foodways, religion, public celebrations, and material culture through an exploration of the multiple and changing avenues of diversity in the United States. Folklore can be considered the unofficial culture that exists beneath and between the institutions of power that we read about in our history books, and that is what we will be studying--the 99% of American life that goes unseen and unnoticed in other college courses. Some of the topics we will examine are: campus folklore; body art and adornment; contemporary (urban) legends and beliefs; public celebrations and rituals; and the adaptation and commodification of folk culture in popular media.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY  POLITICS, POLICY, AND JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"43960", path:"/courses/43960", description:"A course on the modern media and its impact on government and politics. It primarily covers the post-Watergate/post-Vietnam era of journalism, the past quarter century. Each week focuses on specific topics and areas of post-Watergate journalism, as well as current press coverage of national events over the prior week. This course gives students the opportunity to interact and discuss the intersection of the press, politics, and public policy with some of the leading practitioners in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH. SOCIAL RES", number:"null", id:"42139", path:"/courses/42139", description:"This course is designed to introduce graduate students to basic skills and concepts in ethnographic field research, including participant observation, interviewing, field documentation, and the scholarly presentation of qualitative data. Students will learn to apply these skills and concepts through an assigned set of exercises in concert with a semester-long project based on intensive fieldwork at a research site of their choosing. In addition, we will examine exemplars of published fieldwork in both classical and contemporary sociology. Students outside of the Department of Sociology need permission of the instructor to enroll.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EDUC: NATION OF IMMIGRANTS", number:"null", id:"45064", path:"/courses/45064", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Education, the study of learning processes, organizations, and institutions that shape human education. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK: Innovation in China", number:"null", id:"41941", path:"/courses/41941", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ARTH: ART & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40802", path:"/courses/40802", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Art History, the study of the history and development of the visual arts. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO THEORY&MUSCIANSHP", number:"null", id:"37594", path:"/courses/37594", description:"This course will cover basic skills and vocabulary for reading, hearing, performing, analyzing, and writing music. Students will gain command of musical rudiments, including notation, reading and writing in treble and bass clefs, intervals, keys, scales, triads and seventh chords, and competence in basic melodic and formal analysis. The course will include an overview of basic diatonic harmony, introduction to harmonic function and tonicization. Musicianship skills will include interval and chord recognition, rhythmic and melodic dictation and familiarity with the keyboard. There will be in-depth study of selected compositions from the 'common practice' Western tradition, including classical, jazz, blues and other popular examples. Listening skills--both with scores (including lead sheets, figured bass and standard notation), and without--will be emphasized. There is no prerequisite. Students with some background in music may place out of this course and into Music 170, Theory and Musicianship I. (Formerly Music 70, 71).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS MODELS BIO SYSTEMS: Physical Models of Biological Systems", number:"null", id:"41986", path:"/courses/41986", description:"Classic case studies of successful reductionistic models of complex phenomena, emphasizing the key steps of making estimates, using them to figure out which physical variables and phenomena will be most relevant to a given system, finding analogies to purely physical systems whose behavior is already known, and embodying those in a mathematical model, which is often implemented in computer code. Topics may include bacterial genetics, genetic switches and oscillators; systems that sense or utilize light; superresolution and other newmicroscopy methods; and vision and other modes of sensory transduction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"40026", path:"/courses/40026", description:"This content-based language course, taught in French, introduces economic, business and professional terminology through the study of the following topics: financial institutions (banking, stock market and insurance); business practices (business letters and resumes); trade and advertising; the internal structure and legal forms of French companies. The course also emphasizes verbal communication through three components: 1) In-class activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions and debates. 2) The study of authentic materials such as newspapers and magazines' articles, video clips, and radio shows. 3) A series of students' presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERM IRISH GAELIC II", number:"null", id:"36038", path:"/courses/36038", description:"A continuation of Elementary Irish Gaelic with increasing emphasis on the native idiom and literary forms. Drama texts and poetry will be used to supplement the grammar component and encourage oral proficiency, while simultaneously providing an understanding of the challenges faced by contemporary authors writing in Irish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND STRUCTURE OF LANG", number:"null", id:"38856", path:"/courses/38856", description:"An introduction to phonetics and phonology. Topics include articulatory phonetics (the anatomy of the vocal tract; how speech sounds are produced); transcription (conventions for representing the sounds of the world's languages); classification (how speech sounds are classified and represented cognitively through distinctive features); phonology (the grammar of speech sounds in various languages: their patterning and interaction) and syllable structure and its role in phonology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"42479", path:"/courses/42479", description:"A general laboratory course covering aspects of qualitative and quantitative analysis, determination of chemical and physical properties, and chemical synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED GREEK: PROSE", number:"null", id:"40061", path:"/courses/40061", description:"This course is for those who have completed Ancient Greek 102, Greek 112 or equivalent. You are now ready to begin reading real Greek! We will read a selection of passages from Greek prose authors, focusing on language and style.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"37192", path:"/courses/37192", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. Topics discussed include discounted cash flow techniques and valuation using alternative valuation techniques such as price multiples. Emphasis is on developing the required information for valuation from financial statements and other information sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO AFRICANA STUDIES", number:"null", id:"35239", path:"/courses/35239", description:"The aim of this course is to provide an interdisciplinary examination of the complex array of African American and other African Diaspora social practices and experiences. This class will focus on both classic texts and modern works that provide an introduction to the dynamics of African American and African Diaspora thought and practice. Topics include: What is Africana Studies?; The History Before 1492; Creating the African Diaspora After 1500; The Challenge of Freedom; Race, Gender and Class in the 20th Century; From Black Studies to Africana Studies: The Future of Africana Studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN URBS: A WORLD OF CITIES", number:"null", id:"42269", path:"/courses/42269", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Urban Studies, the study of cities and city life. It will introduce students to scholarly conversation on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NONLINEAR DYNAM & CHAOS", number:"null", id:"44110", path:"/courses/44110", description:"Continuous Dynamical Systems: Nonlinear Equations versus Linear Equations, Flows on a Line, Fixed Points and Stability, Stability Analysis, Potentials, Saddle-Node Bifurcations, Transcritical Bifurcations, Supercritical and Subcritical Pitchfork Bifurcations, Dimensional Analysis and Scaling, Imperfect Bifurcations and Catastrophes, Flows on the Circle, The Uniform and Nonuniform Oscillator, Oscillation Periods, Two-Dimensional Flows, Linear Systems, Eigenvalues and Eigenvectors, Classification of Fixed Points, Phase Portraits, Existence and Uniqueness, Fixed Points and Linearization, Nonlinear Terms, Conservative Systems, Reversible Systems, Index Theory, Limit Cycles, Van Der Pol Oscillator, Gradient Systems, Liaponov Functions, Dulac's Criterion, Poincare-Bendixson Theorem, Lienard Systems, Relaxation Oscillations, Weakly Nonlinear Oscillators, Regular Perturbation Theory, Two-Timing, Supercritical and Subcritical Hopf Bifurcations, Global Bifurcations of Cycles, Hysteresis, and the Poincare Map, The Lorenz Equations, Strange Attractors, The Lorenz Map.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL COMMUNIC SYS", number:"null", id:"38538", path:"/courses/38538", description:"Sampling, source coding, and channel capacity. Quantization and coding of speech and video. Baseband data transmission: bandwidth, intersymbol interference, adaptive equalization, performance analysis. Digital modulation schemes, spectral efficiency, and performance. Error control coding; block and convolutional codes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERFACIAL PHENOMENA", number:"null", id:"42469", path:"/courses/42469", description:"This course provides an overview of fundamental concepts in colloid and interface science. Topics include the thermodynamics of interfaces, interfacial interactions (e.g. van der Waal's interactions, electrostatics, steric interactions), adsorption, the hydrodynamics and stability of interfacial systems, self assembly, etc. Connections to self-assembly and directed assembly of nanomaterials and emerging topics are explored. Pre-requisites: undergraduate thermodynamics, some familiarity with concepts of transport phenomena (including fluid flow and mass transfer) and differential equations", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIBRATION MECH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"43098", path:"/courses/43098", description:"This course teaches the fundamental concepts underlying the dynamics of vibrations for single-degree of freedom, multi-degree and infinite-degree of freedom mechanical systems. The course will focus on Newton's Force Methods, Virtual-Work Methods, and Lagrange's Variation Methods for analyzing problems in vibrations. Students will learn how to analyze transient, steady state and forced motion of single and multi-degree of freedom linear and non-linear systems. The course teaches analytical solution techniques for linear systems and practical numerical and simulation methods for analysis and design of nonlinear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Reality and Appearance in Golden Age Spain", number:"null", id:"40719", path:"/courses/40719", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"38264", path:"/courses/38264", description:"Fundamental course in organic chemistry based upon the modern concepts of structure and mechanism of reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN THAR: ACTING AND THE BRAIN", number:"null", id:"45078", path:"/courses/45078", description:"Sometimes part of the fun of theater is imagining that you can peel back the performer's mask or go inside an actor's brain. With developments in cognitive neuroscience it's now closer to being a reality than ever before. In this course, students will explore how characters and theatrical personae are created by studying the acting methods of the great actors, specific techniques they can use themselves for performances scripted or otherwise (onstage or off) and the latest brain science about personality and perception.Theatre scholar John Lutterbie's Toward a General Theory of Acting will be our guide as we approach the craft of acting and the craft of writing using the insights of neuroscience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FANTASY, SCIENCE FICTION, AND FANTASTIC IMAGINATION IN RUSSIAN CULTURE", number:"null", id:"43465", path:"/courses/43465", description:"Explores masterpieces of Russian fantastic imagination from folklore and 19th century classics to 20th and 21st century dystopia, magic realism and science fiction. Readings include works by Nikolai Gogol, Mikhail Bulgakov, the Strugatsky brothers, and Victor Pelevin. Discussions focus on 1) the philosophical quest of Russian fantastic authors and their ideas about humanity, the meaning of existence, and human relationship with nature; 2) the texture of fantasy, including the absurd and surreal, the grotesque humor, and macabre irony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONDUCTING RESEARCH IN GLOBAL WOMEN'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"44707", path:"/courses/44707", description:"An introduction to theoretical and methodological issues as they relate to conducting research in global women's health. Advanced analysis of historical, social, cultural, economic, political, technological and geographical contexts as they influence the health of girls and women across the lifespan and thier relation to health care systems as both clients and providers. This includes contextual issues that constrain the provisiond & receipt of adequate healthcare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOVE SEX AND DEATH", number:"null", id:"36455", path:"/courses/36455", description:"This course explores the ways in which some of the biggest issues in human life are dealt with across religious traditions. Beginning with important questions of sexual identity, politics, religion and the individual in contemporary life, we will examine questions of eroticism, sex and love as they are reflected in religious literature, art and history. The concept of divine love and religious devotion will be explored in relation to acts of violence, including human sacrifice and self-sacrifice in the form of martyrdom seen in pre-modern concepts of saintly martyrdom and religious chivalry as well as the religious legitimacy of modern self-sacrifice of soldiers in war and terrorist suicides. The course focuses in particular on examples drawn fromChristianity, Hinduism, Islam and Mesoamerican Religion, although discussions of contemporary issues will be conducted with a broader sweep. Important questions considered in this course include: how does the body function as the locus in which religion is enacted? What is the conflict between our agency over our bodies and socioreligious claims over the individual? Is violence an integral part of religion? What are religious understandings of the relationship between love and sex? How can a human being love gods erotically?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AFRICAN AMERICAN LIFE AND CULTURE IN SLAVERY", number:"null", id:"40888", path:"/courses/40888", description:"This course will examine the lives of enslaved African Americans in the United States, both in the North and the South. We will engage historiographical debates, and tackle questions that have long concerned historians. For example, if slaves were wrenched from families and traded, could they sustain family relationships? If slaves worked from sun-up until sun-down, how could they create music? We will engage with primary and secondary sources to expand our understandings of values, cultural practices, and daily life among enslaved people. Topics will include: literacy, family, labor, food, music and dance, hair and clothing, religion, material culture, resistance, and memories of slavery. Several disciplines including History, Archaeology, Literature, and Music, will help us in our explorations. Written, oral, and artistic texts for the course will provide us with rich sources for exploring the nuances of slave life, and students will have opportunities to delve deeply into topics that are of particular interest to them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY,OIL&GLOBAL WARMIN: Energy, Oil, and Global Warming", number:"null", id:"40543", path:"/courses/40543", description:"The developed world's dependence on fossil fuels for energy production has extremely undesirable economic, environmental, and political consequences, and is likely to be mankind's greatest challenge in the 21st century. We describe the physical principles of energy, its production and consumption, and environmental consequences, including the greenhouse effect. We will examine a number of alternative modes of energy generation - fossil fuels, biomass, wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear - and study the physical and technological aspects of each, and their societal, environmental and economic impacts over the construction and operational lifetimes. No previous study of physics is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CLN CON&PRF RL CCAF1", number:"null", id:"43290", path:"/courses/43290", description:"This course examines the complexities of caring for critically ill patients within the modern ICU. Advanced concepts of critical care diagnosis, management and therapeutics are analyzed. Patient cases are evaluated within established professional standards of practice and alternative management strategies are discussed and analyzed. Care provided in patient cases is compared to the quality and safety (QSEN) competencies and strategies to improve care are described. Professional behaviors such as teamwork and collaboration and other interprofessional collaborative competencies are developed within practitioners and demonstrated and applied in simulations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINA: INST & THE ECON", number:"null", id:"44027", path:"/courses/44027", description:"The rise of China since its economic reform starting from 1978 is one of the most important developments the world witnessed in the twenty first century. In this seminar course, we explore topics including the political logic of China's economic reform, the institutional foundations of the Chinese economic growth miracle, as well as detailed analysis of Chinese financial markets, housing markets, fiscal reform, corruption/anti-corruption, labor market transitions, China's integration into the world economy, village democracy and its impact on resource allocation, the impact of population ageing, the impact of China on US economy and politics, among others. The discussions will focus on China, but will relate broadly to emerging and developed economies. The course will be based on reading and discussing research articles and books selected by the instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"35822", path:"/courses/35822", description:"Open only to residents in La Maison Francaise. Participants earn 1/2 c.u. per semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP FNCE AND FIN INSTIT", number:"null", id:"42836", path:"/courses/42836", description:"This course provides students with an overview of the basic contributions in the modern theory of corporate finance and financial institutions. The course is methodology oriented in that students are required to master necessary technical tools for each topic. The topics covered may include capital structure, distribution policy, financial intermediation, incomplete financial contracting, initial and seasoned public offerings, market for corporate control, product market corporate finance interactions, corporate reorganization and bankruptcy, financing in imperfect markets, security design under adverse selection and moral hazard, and some selected topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LAW & LEG PROC", number:"null", id:"36013", path:"/courses/36013", description:"This course presents law as an evolving social institution, with special emphasis on the legal regulation of business. It considers basic concepts of law and legal process, in the U.S. and other legal systems, and introduces the fundamentals of rigorous legal analysis. An in-depth examination of contract law is included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENICE: SELF-REPRESENTATION, PERFORMANCE, AND RECEPTION", number:"null", id:"37386", path:"/courses/37386", description:"This course focuses on the city of Venice and its elusive identity as represented in written, visual and built form. Structured as a series of topics and case studies (including primary visual and written sources; buildings and gardens) the course will introduce students to the material and cultural landscape of Venice and develop their ability to 'read' the urban fabric and its unique physical context by identifying its various features and explaining the political, social, economic and cultural agendas that brought them into existence. The course includes visits to Van Pelt Library, the Philadelphia Museum of Art and to Venice, funded by a grant from the Mellon Foundation's Humanities + Urbanism + Design (H+U+D) initiative.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO-MODELING", number:"null", id:"42647", path:"/courses/42647", description:"This is an advanced undergraduate course in models of economic growth. Students will be introduced to the workhorse theoretical models that are used to understand growth by modern macroeconomic researchers and policy makers. The types of questions that we will address include: Why are some countries richer than others? Why do some countries grow quickly while others stagnate? Why did modern economic growth start in Western Europe? What can governments do to accelerate economic growth? How does economic growth interact with demographic and geographic factors? We will build theoretical models that can be used to answer these questions. There will be a strong focus on emphasizing the microeconomic foundations of models, and using the language of mathematics to express the underlying assumptions and assess their implications for policy. Hence, there are strict mathematical prerequisites. We will also compare the predictions of our models with the data. Thus, a fair amount of econometrics will be required. A class in statistics and econometrics is highly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO POLITICAL COMM", number:"null", id:"41193", path:"/courses/41193", description:"This course is an introduction to the field of political communication, conceptual approaches to analyzing communication in various forms, including advertising, speech making, campaign debates, and candidates' and office-holders' uses of news. The focus of this course is on the interplay in the U.S. between traditional and social media and politics. The course includes a history of televised campaign practices from the 1952 presidential contest through the election of 2016.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CELL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35414", path:"/courses/35414", description:"This course is designed for beginning graduate students and advanced undergraduates with a particular enthusiasm for cell biology. Biology 480 does not attempt to cover all aspects of cell biology, and is therefore not appropriate for students seeking a lecture course which provides a comprehensive survey of the field. Rather, the primary objective of this course is to teach those students considering a career in the biomedical sciences how to read, discuss, and question original research papers effectively. Intensive classroom discussions focus on the experimental methods used, results obtained, interpretation of these results in the context of cell structure and function, and implications for further studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY RUSSIAN I", number:"null", id:"40641", path:"/courses/40641", description:"This course develops elementary skills in reading, speaking, understanding and writing the Russian language. We will work with an exciting range of authentic written materials, the Internet, videos and recordings relating to the dynamic scene of Russia today. At the end of the course students will be comfortable with the Russian alphabet and will be able to read simplified literary, commercial, and other types of texts (signs, menus, short news articles, short stories) and participate in elementary conversations about daily life (who you are, what you do every day, where you are from, likes and dislikes).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN&DEVEL", number:"null", id:"36311", path:"/courses/36311", description:"The course provides the student with a number of tools and concepts necessary for creating and managing product development processes.The course consists of two interwoven parts. First, it presents the basic steps that are necessary for moving from a 'cool idea' to a product sufficiently mature to launch an entrepreneurial start-up. This includes cases, lectures, and exercises on topics like identifying customer needs, developing a product concept as well as effective prototyping strategies. The capstone of this first part is a real project in which student teams conceptualize and develop a new product or service up to the completion of a fully functional prototype.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"40506", path:"/courses/40506", description:"Negotiation is the art and science of creating good agreements. In this course we will work on both, studying economics and psychology for the science, and practicing actual negotiations for the art. Throughout we think of negotiation in general terms, relevant not only to salary negotiations and home buying, but performance evaluations, speeches, group collaborations and interpersonal relationships. We practice these kinds of negotiations in 2-, 3-, 4-, and 6-person exercises. Potential reasons to skip this particular negotiation course: 1) We have a strong attendance policy, 2) We have strong no-computers/phones policies, 3) the course is very discussion oriented, 4) We survey your work colleagues about your influence tactics, and 5) you have a short assignment due almost every class. Beginning with the second week of class, if you miss one class you lose a letter grade. If you miss two classes you fail. We have this policy because it is an experiential class, and because your attendance directly affects classmates you are paired with. For some weeks you can attend another section if necessary. Cross-listed with MGMT691 and LGST806.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORK AND GENDER", number:"null", id:"39331", path:"/courses/39331", description:"This seminar examines the relevance of gender to the organization and experience of paid and unpaid work. Combining materialist and social constructionist approaches, we will consider occupational segregation, the relation of work and family, gender and class solidarity, the construction of gender through work, race and class variation in work experiences, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"40016", path:"/courses/40016", description:"The objective of this course is to undertake a rigorous study of the theoretical foundations of modern financial economics. The course will cover the central themes of modern finance including individual investment decisions under uncertainty, stochastic dominance, mean variance theory, capital market equilibrium and asset valuation, arbitrage pricing theory, option pricing, and incomplete markets, and the potential application of these themes. Upon completion of this course, students should acquire a clear understanding of the major theoretical results concerning individuals' consumption and portfolio decisions under uncertainty and their implications for the valuation of securities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUM & FIN ELE MTHDS", number:"null", id:"41714", path:"/courses/41714", description:"The objective of this course is to equip students with the background needed to carry out finite elements-based simulations of various engineering problems. The first part of the course will outline the theory of finite elements. The second part of the course will address the solution of classical equations of mathematical physics such as Laplace, Poisson, Helmholtz, the wave and the Heat equations. The third part of the course will consist of case studies taken from various areas of engineering and the sciences on topics that require or can benefit from finite element modeling. The students will gain hand-on experience with the multi-physics, finite element package FemLab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EURO ZONE CRISIS - THE EU IN A CURRENCY WAR FOR SURVIVAL?", number:"null", id:"37261", path:"/courses/37261", description:"'Let me put it simply...there may be a contradiction between the interests of the financial world and the interests of the political world... We cannot keep constantly explaining to our voters and our citizens why the taxpayer should bear the cost of certain risks and not those people who have earned a lot of money from taking those risks.' Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, at the G20 Summit, November 2010. 

In January 1999, a single monetary system united Germany, a core nation, with 10 other European states. Amidst the optimism of the euro's first days, most observers forecast that Europe would progress toward an ever closer union. Indeed, in the ensuing decade, the European Union became the world's largest trading area, the euro area expanded to include 17 member states, and the Lisbon Treaty enhanced the efficiency and democratic legitimacy of the Union.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAZZ STYLE AND HISTORY", number:"null", id:"36180", path:"/courses/36180", description:"This course is an exploration of the family of musical idioms called jazz. Attention will be given to issues of style development, selective musicians, and to the social and cultural conditions and the scholarly discourses that have informed the creation, dissemination and reception of this dynamic set of styles from the beginning of the 20th century to the present. Fulfills Cultural Diversity in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUNDMTLS OF EPIDEMIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44347", path:"/courses/44347", description:"This course introduces students to the basic tenets of epidemiology and how to quantitatively study health at the population level. Students learn about measures used to describe populations with respect to health outcomes and the inherent limitations in these measures and their underlying sources of data. Analytic methods used to test scientific questions about health outcomes in populations then are covered, again paying particular attention to the strength and weaknesses of the various approaches. Multiple large epidemiologic research and field studies are used as in-class exemplars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Music in Urban Spaces", number:"null", id:"44580", path:"/courses/44580", description:"The primary goal of the freshman seminar program is to provide every freshman the opportunity for a direct personal encounter with a faculty member in a small sitting devoted to a significant intellectual endeavor. Specific topics be posted at the beginning of each academic year. Please see the College Freshman seminar website for information on current course offerings http:// www.college.upenn.edu/courses/seminars/freshman.php.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"39906", path:"/courses/39906", description:"This course covers the topics in probability and statistics with an emphasize on the application of probability theories and statistical techniques to practical engineering problems. Mathematical derivations of theorems will be presented whenever it is necessary to illustrate the concepts involved, however.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOURIER ANALYS & APPL", number:"null", id:"41354", path:"/courses/41354", description:"This course focuses on the mathematics behind Fourier theory and a wide variety of its applicationsin diverse problems in mathematics, engineering, and the sciences. The course is very mathematical in content and students signing up for it should have junior or senior standing. The topics covered are chosen from: functions and signals; systems of differential equations; superposition,memory, and non-linearity; resonance,eigenfunctions; the Fourier series and transform, spectra; convergence theorems; inner product spaces; mean-square approximation; interpolation and prediction, sampling; random processes, stationarity; wavelets, Brownian motion; stability and control, Laplace transforms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RIGHTS AND HISTORY", number:"null", id:"44337", path:"/courses/44337", description:"The idea of universal, inalienable rights--once dismissed by the philosopher Jeremy Bentham as 'nonsense upon stilts'--has become the dominant moral language of our time, the self-evident truth par excellence of our age. Human rights have become a source of inspiration to oppressed individuals and groups across the world, the rallying cry for a global civil society, and not least, a controversial source of legitimation for American foreign policy. This seminar asks: how did all this come to be? We will investigate human rights not only as theories embodied in texts, but as practices embedded in specific historical contexts. Are human rights the product of a peculiarly European heritage, of the Enlightenment and protestantism? How did Americans reconcile inalienable rights with the reality of slavery? Did human rights serve as a 'civilizing' mask for colonialism? Can universal rights be reconciled with genuine cultural diversity? Through case studies and close readings, the seminar will work toward a genealogy of human rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS II", number:"null", id:"43082", path:"/courses/43082", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects useful in the analysis of information and computation: logic, set theory, theory of computation, number theory, probability, and basic cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Spanish Surrealism:  The Works of Salvador Dali", number:"null", id:"36549", path:"/courses/36549", description:"This course covers topics in contemporary Spanish Culture, its specific emphasis varying with the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METHODS FOR LINGUIST: Experimental Approaches in the Study of Language", number:"null", id:"41657", path:"/courses/41657", description:"Controlled experiments are a key element of empirical research, and they play an increasingly important role in the study of language and communication. This course will be divided into two halves. In the first half, students will be introduced to the fundamentals of how to conduct an experiment, along with a basic introduction to statistical methods. The emphasis will be on understanding the basic logic of experimental design, but special lectures will focus on the application of particular methods to the study of language. In the second half, classes will become more like lab meetings as students develop their own experimental projects from the ground up. At the end of the semester they will write up these projects as papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN SOCI: MASS INCARCERATION", number:"null", id:"36657", path:"/courses/36657", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASALA MATTERS: MASALA MATTERS: A CULINARY HISTORY OF SOUTH ASIA AND SOUTH ASIANS", number:"null", id:"36489", path:"/courses/36489", description:"If we are what we eat, then exploring the intricacies of our eating habits can reveal how each of us constitute and communicate our identities through the food we consume and do not consume.By exploring how food choices and practices symbolically create, shape and reflect particular cultures, this course will use food as the prism through which we will explore the history and culture of South Asia. Moreover, by investigating who eats what, with whom, and where, this course will examine the complex structures of social intamacy and hierarchy, friendship, kinship, selfhood and otherness that these food practices are often embedded in. Finally, by looking at the growing popularity of South Asian cuisine in the 'West', this course will also critically examine how the complex interplay of food, multiculturalism and globalization has produced a highly racialized and culturally 'authentic' South Asian-ness in the western world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHITECT AND HISTORY", number:"null", id:"40959", path:"/courses/40959", description:"Human experience is shaped by the built environment. This course introduces students to the interrelated fields of architecture, art history, and engineering and explores great architectural monuments from the ancient to the modern period, from India across the Mediterranean and Europe to the US. The focus will be on understanding these works in their structure and function, both as products of individual ingenuity and reflections of Zeitgeist. Questioning these monuments from a present-day perspective across the cultures will be an important ingredient, as will be podium discussions, guest lectures, excursions, and all kinds of visualizations, from digital walk-throughs to practical design exercises. Regularly taught in fall term, this course fulfills Sector IV, Humanities and Social Science, and it satisfies History of Art 100-level course requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE: JUDGMENT & DEC: TRUST AND DECEPTION", number:"null", id:"42002", path:"/courses/42002", description:"The interdisciplinary study of individuals' and groups' judgments and decisions,including normative, descriptive, and prescriptive theories.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"U.S. Foreign Policy in the Contemporary Era", number:"null", id:"44832", path:"/courses/44832", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Sustainable Environmental Policy & Global Politics; Shakespeare and Political Theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STRATIFICATION", number:"null", id:"39314", path:"/courses/39314", description:"In this course we study the current levels and historical trends of inequality in the United States especially in cross-national comparative perspective. We discuss causes and consequences of inequality as well as various policy efforts to deal with inequality. Topics include intergenerational social mobility, income inequality, education, gender, race and ethnicity among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Classics & American Government", number:"null", id:"39762", path:"/courses/39762", description:"Before the universities established public-service programs in the twentieth century, many Americans prepared themselves for public life by studying Greek and Latin authors in school and college. In this course, using English translations, students survey an eighteenth-century classical curriculum and trace its influence in the political activity of Madison and others who guided the development of American governmental instituitons.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUFISM", number:"null", id:"37853", path:"/courses/37853", description:"This course is an intensive survey of the rich variety of Islamic intellectual, literary and cultural phenomena subsumed under the term Sufism. Sufi philosophies, liturgical practices, and social organizations have been a major part of the Islamic tradition in all historical periods, and Sufism has also served as a primary muse behind Islamic aesthetic expression in poetry, music, and the visual arts. In this course, we will explore the various significations of Sufism by addressing both the world of ideas and socio-cultural practices. The course is divided into three broad sections: central themes and concepts going back to the earliest individuals who identified themselves as Sufis; Sufi metaphysics and epistemology as exemplified in the work of Ibn al-'Arabi and his school, and literary expressions as exemplified in the epic poem Layla and Majnun by Nizami, The Conference of the Birds by Attar, and in the life and poetry of Mawlana Jalaluddin Rumi. In studying this material, we will be concerned equally with establishing common patterns and seeing how being a Sufi has meant different things to various people over the course of history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"35301", path:"/courses/35301", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 031/631.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Making of Modern Paris", number:"null", id:"38648", path:"/courses/38648", description:"Paris, Ville-Lumiere, has long been renowned for its urbanity, architecture, and city design. This course will trace the people, ideas, and projects that contributed to this reputation, through an exploration of the city's built environment as expressed in literature and urban planning projects of the 19th and 20th centuries. The class will analyze literary readings, including texts by Hugo, Baudelarie, Zola, and Breton, in conjunction with historical and visual materials covering works from Viollet-le-Duc to Napoleon III and Haussmann to Mitterand and Sarkozy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"35401", path:"/courses/35401", description:"This course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the structure of tissues at the cellular level and to the way in which those tissues are assembled into organs. This knowledge of structure will be the basis for discussion of tissue and organ function.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ONCOLOGY THEORY I", number:"null", id:"41895", path:"/courses/41895", description:"This course examines the unique contribution made by nurses with advanced clinical skills inthe care of children with oncologic and hematologic disorders, and their families, from the time of diagnosis throughout the treatment period and beyond. The course provides the student with the most recent advances in knowledge about cancer in childhood. While the focus is on oncology, hematologic disorders as well as AIDS will be discussed. Recent methods of treatment and the nursing management of children and their families will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE OF CHILDBEARING WOMEN, THEORY", number:"null", id:"43282", path:"/courses/43282", description:"The antepartum course builds upon the well-woman health care course. The focus is management of prenatal care for the childbearing family. Conceptual threads of public policy and ethics are integrated within the content to help students to identify broader implications for prenatal care. Content includes theory and practice related to nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management of the normal pregnant woman, and nurse-midwifery/ nurse practitioner management and strategies to reduce selected obstetric complications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN JAPANESE HISTORY", number:"null", id:"35913", path:"/courses/35913", description:"This course will survey the major political, economic, social and intellectual trends in the making of modern Japan. Special emphasis will be given to the turbulent relationship between state and society from 1800 to the present.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE MARATHI II", number:"null", id:"43475", path:"/courses/43475", description:"In the syllabus for the fourth semester Marathi course gaining language inputs regarding Marathi culture and day to day daily life in Maharashtra becomes one important topic. Day to day communication skills necessary to survive in Maharashtra on the street like interaction with a grocery store clerk or a vegetable sales woman in the market, a rikshaw driver, a policeman, a commoner, asking and providing directions on the street and various day to day real life situations are improvised and practiced. Vocabulary, sentence structures and associated grammar is acquired during practice and real life situations based exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"39664", path:"/courses/39664", description:"A basic laboratory course in which both the theoretical and practical aspects of a variety of organic reactions and multistep syntheses are emphasized. Modern chromatographic, instrumental, and spectroscopic techniques are applied to experimental organic chemistry. Course should be taken concurrently with CHEM 242 or in the semester immediately following.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARMA & GLOBAL HEALTH", number:"null", id:"43695", path:"/courses/43695", description:"In some parts of the world, spending on pharmaceuticals is astronomical. In others, people do not have access to basic or life-saving drugs. Individuals struggle to afford medications; whole populations are neglected, considered too poor to constitute profitable markets for the development and distribution of necessary drugs. This seminar analyzes the dynamics of the burgeoning international pharmaceutical trade and the global inequalities that emerge from and are reinforced by market-driven medicine. Questions about who will be treated and who will not filter through every phase of pharmaceutical production --from preclinical research to human testing, marketing, distribution, prescription, and consumption.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS I", number:"null", id:"45195", path:"/courses/45195", description:"Brief review of High School calculus, applications of integrals, transcendental functions, methods of integration, infinite series, Taylor's theorem, and first order ordinary differential equations. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND ART IN AFRICA AND THE AFRICAN DIASPORA", number:"null", id:"44083", path:"/courses/44083", description:"This course explores an aspect of the literature of Africa and the African Diaspora intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY-AFR LG ELEM II", number:"null", id:"43670", path:"/courses/43670", description:"Continuation of AFST 490.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF SOCIAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"43332", path:"/courses/43332", description:"This course is about the foundations of contemporary social science. It focuses on the nature of social systems, the similarities and differences between social and natural sciences, the construction, analysis, and confirmation of social theories, and the nature of social explanations. Specific topics may include: What are social norms and conventions? What does it mean to have one gender rather than another, or one sexual orientation rather than another? Should social systems be studied quantitatively or qualitatively?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"40220", path:"/courses/40220", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues. This course is crosslisted with MGMT815.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENSEMBLE PERFORMANCE: UNIV. WIND ENSEMBLE", number:"null", id:"40373", path:"/courses/40373", description:"Successful participation in a music department sponsored group. Ensemble groups: University Orchestra, University Wind Ensemble, Choral Society, University Choir, Ancient Voices, Baroque and Recorder Ensemble, Chamber Music Society, Arab Music Ensemble, Samba and Jazz Combo. This course must be taken for a letter grade (Pass/Fail registration option may not be utilized for this course).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRACTICUM: QUALITY IMPROVEMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"36272", path:"/courses/36272", description:"Building on coursework that provided a broad overview of the principles and tools of quality improvement and patient safety in healthcare, students will apply this knowledge through completion of a mentored quality improvement project in a healthcare organization. In collaboration with faculty and health organization preceptors, students will identify a quality improvement opportunity and develop specific project objectives including, but not limited to, the use of appropriate tools, identification of measureable aims and evaluation methods, sustainable recommendations for process improvement and a comprehensive report of findings and recommendations. This course is part of the Quality Improvement and Safety Processes in Healthcare Minor and should be completed by the student as the capstone course in that minor; students engage in 192 hours of on-site project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURAL CIRCUITS FOR SURVIVAL", number:"null", id:"43828", path:"/courses/43828", description:"A fundamental goal of neuroscience is to understand how neural circuits in the brain function to influence behavior. The aim of this course is to highlight the neural basis of behavior and discuss modern approaches and novel methods to study the neuronal control of classically studied aspects of behavior. Through a combination of discussions, student presentations, and interactive lectures, we will explore the neural systems that regulate the interactions an animal has with the external world. We will explore sensory systems (such as vision, taste, and olfaction), motor systems, and survival behaviors (such as feeding, drinking, mating, and aggression). The course evaluation will be based largely on written work, participation, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"41616", path:"/courses/41616", description:"Intended for students with little or no background in Japanese who wish to finish the language requirement in one year. (Equivalent to JPAN 011 + JPAN 012) Textbooks: Yookoso I and Basic Kanji Book I (L.1-L,10) Kanji: reproduction-approx.110/recognitio-approx.200", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & ART OF BIOTECH", number:"null", id:"36842", path:"/courses/36842", description:"Biotechnology transforms basic biological research into pharmaceutical therapies. This course will examine some explanations for American biotechnology vitality by studying case histories in which fundamental, biological observations were subsequently developed, successfully and unsuccessfully, for therapeutic applications. Along the way, we will also seek to understand the interactions among academic research institutions, biotechnology companies, large pharmaceutical companies, the Food and Drug Administration, financial institutions, venture groups, and the Patent and Trademark Office. Classes will be highly interactive. Students will present case histories in a critical fashion. Ultimately, students will conduct mock negotiations focused on university technology transfers, clinical trial design, financing, and intellectual property.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & SOCIETIES", number:"null", id:"44344", path:"/courses/44344", description:"'Two fundamental questions structure this course: (1)What kinds of factors shape population health in various parts of the world in the twenty-first century? and (2)What kinds of intellectual tools are necessary in order to study global health? Grasping the deeper 'socialness' of health and health care in a variety of cultures and time periods requires a sustained interdisciplinary approach. 'Health and Societies: Global Perspectives' blends the methods of history, sociology, anthropology and related disciplines in order to expose the layers of causation and meaning beneath what we often see as straightforward, common-sense responses to bioloogical phenomena. Assignments throughout the semester provide a hands-on introduction to research strageties in these core disciplines. The course culminates with pragmatic, student-led assessments of global health policies designed to identify creative and cost effective solutions to the most persistent health problems in the world today.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REFORM & REV IN AMERICAS", number:"null", id:"37327", path:"/courses/37327", description:"The United States and Latin America produced a remarkable series of revolutions and reforms during the postwar period. This course examines efforts in the United States, Guatemala, Cuba, and Brazil to define and address problems around land, labor, and property; nation, empire, and autonomy; and racism, democracy, and citizenship. In studying the US and Latin America together, the class invites students to explore central themes of both regions' histories as parts of global processes. We will explore exchanges between social movements in the US, Cuba and Africa, for instance, ask how ideas about poverty traversed national borders, and examine the global rise of human rights consciousness. The class, in other words, not only compares national histories but analyzes the relationships between national upheavals and the global significance of events in the hemisphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ESE RSRCH METH", number:"null", id:"38518", path:"/courses/38518", description:"Introduction to the nature and process of engineering research as represented by ongoing ESE faculty (and collaborating colleagues' and industrial partners') research projects. Joint class exercises in how to pursue effective background technical reading, pitch a proposal, and aim for the discovery of new human knowledge to complement the individually mentored topic specific project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL SCIENCE HONORS", number:"null", id:"42033", path:"/courses/42033", description:"This is a mandatory seminar for all students planning to submit an honors thesis for the purpose of possibly earning distinction in Political Science upon graduation. The course is aimed at helping students identify a useful and feasible research question, become familiar with the relevant literatures and debates pertaining to that question, develop a basic understanding of what might constitute 'good' and 'original' research in different subfields, and set up a plan for conducting and presenting the research. The course is also aimed at building a community of like-minded student researchers, which can complement and enrich the honor student's individual experience of working one-on-one with a dedicated faculty thesis advisor. Students apply in the spring of their junior year for admissions to the honors program and enrollment in PSCI497.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPS CAPSTONE THESIS", number:"null", id:"35562", path:"/courses/35562", description:"Second semester of two semester thesis course. Successful completion of Comm 494 is required for enrollment. The capstone thesis is a requirement for all Communication and Public Service Program participants. Students complete the primary research project started during COMM 494. For students graduating with a 3.5 cumulative GPA after completing COMM 495 with a grade of 3.7 or higher, the capstone thesis may be designated as a senior honors thesis in communication and public service.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gabriel Garcia Marquez and Latin American Literature", number:"null", id:"37940", path:"/courses/37940", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING HONORS RESEARCH PROJECT", number:"null", id:"36234", path:"/courses/36234", description:"This course is an advanced seminar for research and scholarship to be taken by honors students in nursing. Enrollment is concurrent with implementation of the individual student's honors project. Practical considerations in carrying out such a project, including scholarly approach and scientific integrity as well as scholarly writing and dissemination will be discussed and illustrated, using exemplars and student projects. The various phases of students' projects will be used as launching points for discussions and to complement students' work with their faculty supervisors. Paths and planning for careers in nursing and related disciplines and the idea of scholarship and research trajectories will be developed throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BODY AND SOUL:  HISPANIC PERSPECTIVES ON HEALTH, ILLNESS, AND HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"43531", path:"/courses/43531", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN II", number:"null", id:"38130", path:"/courses/38130", description:"An introduction to the design of architecture in the landscape. Issues of mapping, placement, scale, and construction are explored through studio design projects, site visits, and discussions. Course work focuses on the preparation and presentation of design projects emphasizing analytical skills along with the development of imaginative invention and judgment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INNOVATION", number:"null", id:"36308", path:"/courses/36308", description:"The course is first and foremost an intensive, integrative, project course in which student teams create one or more real businesses. Some businesses spun out of the course and now managed by alumni include Terrapass Inc. and Smatchy Inc. The project experience is and exciting context in which to learn key tools and fundamentals useful in innovation, problem solving, and design. Examples of these tools and fundamentals are: problem definition, identification of opportunities, generating alternatives, selecting among alternatives, principles of data graphics, and managing innovation pipelines. The course requires a commitment of at least 10 hours of work outside of class and comfort working on unstructured, interdisciplinary problems. Students with a strong interest in innovation and entrepreneurship are particularly encouraged to enroll. Please read carefully the syllabus posted on-line before registering for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN.PHYS.:EM,OPTICS,MODP", number:"null", id:"43346", path:"/courses/43346", description:"A continuation of PHYS 101 emphasizing an introduction to classical electricity and magnetism, light and optics, special relativity, the quantum theory of matter, and nuclear physics. Suggested for students in a pre-health program. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 102 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF ELEM 1", number:"null", id:"40704", path:"/courses/40704", description:"Spanish 115 is a first-semester elementary medical Spanish language course and the first in the Spanish for the Medical Professions sequence. It is designed for students with no prior coursework in Spanish. This course teaches beginning students the fundamentals of practical Spanish with an emphasis on medical situations and basic medical terminology. In this course, particular attention will be given to developing speaking and listening skills, as well as cultural awareness. It incorporates activities, vocabulary, and readings of particular interest to healthcare practitioners, while adhering to the goals and scope of Spanish 110, the first-semester Spanish language course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS ADVANCED JAPANES II", number:"null", id:"35998", path:"/courses/35998", description:"Readings in advanced literary and journalistic texts written in modern Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FROM GALEN TO GALILEO: SCIENCE BEFORE THE SCIENTIFIC REVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"38730", path:"/courses/38730", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"40269", path:"/courses/40269", description:"A mathematical approach to game theory, with an emphasis on examples of actual games. Topics will include mathematical models of games, combinatorial games, two person (zero sum and general sum) games, non-cooperating games and equilibria.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"42344", path:"/courses/42344", description:"This course is a continuation of ARAB 031/631.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG ENTREPRENEURSHIP I", number:"null", id:"42630", path:"/courses/42630", description:"Engineers and scientists create and lead great companies, hiring managers when and where needed to help execute their vision. Designed expressly for students having a keen interest in technological innovation, this course investigates the roles of inventors and founders in successful technology ventures. Through case studies and guest speakers, we introduce the knowledge and skills needed to recognize and seize a high-tech entrepreneurial opportunity - be it a product or service - and then successfully launch a startup or spin-off company. The course studies key areas of intellectual property, its protection and strategic value; opportunity analysis and concept testing; shaping technology driven inventions into customer-driven products; constructing defensible competitive strategies; acquiring resources in the form of capital, people and strategic partners; and the founder's leadership role in an emerging high-tech company. Throughout the course emphasis is placed on decisions faced by founders, and on the sequential risks and determinants of success in the early growth phase of a technology venture. The course is designed for, but not restricted to, students of engineering and applied science and assumes no prior business education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED FRENCH", number:"null", id:"41453", path:"/courses/41453", description:"French 202 is a third-year level course aimed at better understanding contemporary French society, language and culture, with a special focus on today's young generation. What defines a generation in the first place, and how do the lives of young people in France compare to those of their American counterparts? To answer these questions, students in 202 will delve into numerous aspects of French youth experience from the school system to family life, and from the workplace to the political arena, with the aid of resources including contemporary films, news articles, songs, literary texts, and the recent sociological project 'Generation Quoi.' In addition, they will forge connections with the French community on Penn's campus, as they embark on a journey of cultural exploration and reflexive self-discovery.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CREAT.NON-FICTION WRIT: CREATIVE NONFICTION", number:"null", id:"44065", path:"/courses/44065", description:"A workshop course in the writing of expository prose. Assignments include informal as well as formal essays, covering such topics as autobiography, family history, review, interview, analysis of advertising and popular culture, travel, work, and satire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"44486", path:"/courses/44486", description:"This course is a junior lab which follows MEAM 333 Heat Transfer and MEAM 354 Mechanics of Materials with design projects based on those topics. In the broader context of design/independent skill development, this course also introduces open ended topics, wider design options, and introduces project planning and management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCI OF SEX & SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"35880", path:"/courses/35880", description:"While sexual and gender diversity have been consisten features in most cultures throughout history, how such gender and sexual based discussion have been articulated, understood, condoned, or condemned has varied.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENG PRINC OF HUMAN PHYSI", number:"null", id:"43766", path:"/courses/43766", description:"This course presents a quantitative, biophysical approach to physiology, focusing on the nervous, cardiovascular, and pulmonary systems. We will also emphasize computational modeling and analysis of physiological systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MALAGASY - INTER II", number:"null", id:"42305", path:"/courses/42305", description:"Continuation of AFST 492.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUSTRIAL DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"35976", path:"/courses/35976", description:"This course provides an introduction to the ideas and techniques of Industrial Design, which operates between Engineering and Marketing as the design component of Integrated Product Development. The course is intended for students from engineering, design, or business with an interest in multi-disciplinary, needs-based product design methods. It will follow a workshop model, combining weekly lectures on design manufacturing, with a progressive set of design exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"US AND CHINA 1912-2012", number:"null", id:"35940", path:"/courses/35940", description:"History 394 surveys relations between the United States and China from their beginnings in the clipper ship and gunboat days of the nineteenth century to the present, which finds China a major player in every respect. Among other topics, the first part of the course addresses Chinese and Western world views; the rise of Chinese nationalism after World War I; the Washington Conference of 1921-22; the Pacific War; the Asia policy of the Roosevelt administration; and the rise of Chinese communism. The second part of the course treats Maoism; China's approaches to the Third World; the Cold War in Asia; path to relations between Washington and Beijing in 1979; the Tiananmen Massacre of 1989 and issues of human rights, followed by the dramatic economic and military rise of China in the last two decades, as well as the current situation. In addition to China and the United States, substantial attention is also paid to Hong Kong and Taiwan. The course has no prerequisites and all are welcome.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN-AMERICAN LIT", number:"null", id:"38445", path:"/courses/38445", description:"An overview of Asian American literature from its beginnings at the turn of the twentieth century to the present. This course covers a wide range of Asian American novels, plays, and poems, situating them in the contexts of American history and minority communities and considering the variety of formal strategies these different texts take.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"37549", path:"/courses/37549", description:"Immersion in the advertising development process and examination of the practice of advertising. Focuses on decisions regarding advertising objectives, copy selection, budget setting and media selection.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"39333", path:"/courses/39333", description:"The continuation of Spanish 110, Spanish 120 is a second-semester elementary language course. See the description of Spanish 110.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TOPICS NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"43298", path:"/courses/43298", description:"This course is designed to teach negotiation principles and to enable students to develop their negotiation skills. This course builds upon and assumes familiarity with the negotiation concepts covered in the prerequisite for this course: 'Negotiations.' In this course, we extend the study and practice of negotiations, and we develop a deeper understanding of how specific aspects of the negotiation process impact outcomes. Through course lectures, readings, and exercises, students will develop a rich framework for thinking about the negotiation process and acquire tools for guiding the negotiation process.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS THESIS", number:"null", id:"35563", path:"/courses/35563", description:"Second semester of two semester thesis course. Completion of Comm 494 with a grade of 3.3 or higher and a 3.5 cumulative GPA at the end of the Fall semester of senior year are required for enrollment. The Senior Honors Thesis provides a capstone intellectual experience for students who have demonstrated academic achievement of a superior level. Students complete the primary research project started during COMM 494.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHARM ANES&ACCESS DRUG I", number:"null", id:"45227", path:"/courses/45227", description:"This course explores the various routes of anesthetic administration addressing the potential benefits and risk of each. Special emphasis is placed on specific anesthetic agents and their appropriate use. The responses and common complications associated with these agents are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  NURSING PRACTICE AND HIV+ PATIENTS", number:"null", id:"36230", path:"/courses/36230", description:"This course is directed at the need to increase nursing majors knowledge and clinical expertice in the care of persons with HIV/AIDS. Hands on clinical practice with nurses who are AIDS experts will be combined with seminars that provide epidemiologic, clinical assessment, infection control, symptom management, patient teaching, psychosocial, ethical, cultural, political, and policy information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RADIO FRQ INT. CIRC. DES", number:"null", id:"42758", path:"/courses/42758", description:"Introduction to RF (Radio Frequency) and Microwave Theory, Components, and Systems. The course aims at providing knowledge in RF transceiver design at both microwave and millimeter-wave frequencies. Both system and circuit level perspective will be addressed, supported by modeling and simulation using professional tools (including Agilent ADS, Sonnet, and Cadence Design Systems). Topics include: Transmission Line Theory, S-parameters, Smith Chart for matching network design, stability, noise, and mixed signal design. RF devices covered will include: hybrid/Wilkinson/Lange 3dB couplers, Small Signal Amplifiers (SSA), Low Noise Amps (LNA), and Power Amps (PA). CMOS technology will be largely used to design the devices mentioned.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Politics of the Developing World", number:"null", id:"36409", path:"/courses/36409", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: Sustainable Environmental Policy & Global Politics; Shakespeare and Political Theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"35440", path:"/courses/35440", description:"Important methods, skills, and apparatus used for the acquisition and interpretation of quantitative information about chemical systems will be discussed in principle and used in the laboratory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - MODERNISM: BECKETT AND KAFKA", number:"null", id:"42703", path:"/courses/42703", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary modernism intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Past offerings have included seminars on the avant-garde, on the politics of modernism, and on its role in shaping poetry, music, and the visual arts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40410", path:"/courses/40410", description:"This course will focus on the role of microorganisms in human health and infectious diseases. It will include a description of the main types of microorganisms, how they are identified, their growth requirements, the role of the immune system in controlling infections, the control of animal parasites including viruses, bacteria and fungi and host - microbe interactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGNNING JAPANESE IV", number:"null", id:"44382", path:"/courses/44382", description:"This course completes the College language requirement. Textbooks: Yookoso II (Chapt. 4 - Chapt. 7) & Basic Kanji Book I (L.17-L.22) Kanji: reproduction-approx250/recognitio-approx.350", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39544", path:"/courses/39544", description:"Content and technique are explored in this studio course through the vehicle of a design project focused on the development of a critical understanding of geometries and mathematics in the representation and fabrication of contemporary architecture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SPOKEN JAPAN I", number:"null", id:"37388", path:"/courses/37388", description:"Intended for students who have no Japanese background. The major emphasis is on oral communication skills, although some reading and writing instructions are given. Japanese pop-culture will also be incorporated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RECONFIGURING PORTRAITURE", number:"null", id:"44169", path:"/courses/44169", description:"As methods of representation are constantly shifting, one thing is clear - the photographic portrait is not what is used to be. Exploring both traditional and contemporary methods of portraiture, this class will uncover and discuss the ways in which we perceive each other in imagery, both as individuals and as groups. Throughout the semester, we will consider how portraits deal with truth, physical absence, the gaze, cultural embodiment, voyeurism and the digital persona. This course will build on the combination of perception, technology, and practice. Throughout the semester, students will advance by learning lighting techniques and strategies of presentation - as these core skills will become tools in the execution of project concepts. In tandem with each project, students will encounter and discuss a wide array of photography and writings from the past to the present, in an effort to understand the meanings and psychological effects of freezing the human image in time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO ELECTROMECH PROT", number:"null", id:"41349", path:"/courses/41349", description:"This is a project-centric course for ESE majors to engage in circuit layout and prototype design skills. Students will work in teams to develop printed circuit boards using industry standard tools like Altium and learn mechanical prototyping skills using Solidworks . Emphasis will be on developing sound printed circuit board layout practices using circuitry knowledge that they acquire in ESE 215 and ESE 370. A module on using Cypress PSoC will introduce students to recent developments in analog/digital co-design.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM CLASSICAL GREEK I", number:"null", id:"41491", path:"/courses/41491", description:"Intensive introduction to Classical Greek morphology and syntax. This course includes exercises in grammar, Greek composition, and translation from Greek to English. Emphasis is placed upon developing the ability to read Greek with facility.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ICONS IN PERFORMANCE: ACTORS AND OTHERS WHO DEFINE AND SAHPE THE ARTS", number:"null", id:"45002", path:"/courses/45002", description:"This course will combine an intensive practical and intellectual investigation of some area of the making of theatre: performance techniques, theatrical styles, a particular period of theatre history. Please visit the Theatre Arts Program website for current topics for Thar 275 and other Theatre Arts Courses and special topics: https://theatre.sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RES SEM HEALTH & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"35960", path:"/courses/35960", description:"This course is designed to provide HSOC students with the tools necessary to undertake original research, guiding them through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or, if there is room inthe course, a completed research paper by the end of term. Students work individually, in small groups and under the close supervision of a faculty member to establish feasible research topics, develop effective research and writing strategies, analyze primary and secondary sources, and provide critiques of classmates'drafts. Students must apply for this couse by December 1.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENT CAP & FNCE INNOVAT", number:"null", id:"42812", path:"/courses/42812", description:"This course covers the finance of technological innovation, with a focus on the valuation tools useful in the venture capital industry. These tools include the 'venture capital method,' comparables analysis, discounted cash flow analysis, contingent-claims analysis. The primary audience for this course is finance majors interested in careers in venture capital or in R&D-intensive companies in health care or information technology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EAST ASIAN AREA SURVEY", number:"null", id:"45186", path:"/courses/45186", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTIONARY MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"40931", path:"/courses/40931", description:"Evolutionary medicine is the application of modern evolutionary theory to studies of health and disease in humans. In taking this approach, the course will explore the role that disease played in human evolution. We will examine both infectious and non-infectious diseases, and assess the way in which populations and disease organisms have co-evolved. Related issues to be examined are the nature of the virulence and pathogenicity of infectious agents, and their efforts to subvert the immune system's responses to infection. We will also explore the evolved responses that enable individuals to protect, heal and recuperate themselves from infections and injuries, such as fever and sickness behavior, and the fitness enhancing aspects of these processes. Finally, we will study how past adaptations of early humans to their environments now affects modern humans, who have very different diets, life expectancy, activity patterns, and hygiene than their ancestors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE HUNGARIAN I", number:"null", id:"41264", path:"/courses/41264", description:"The Intermediate Hungarian I course builds on and continues the course material in Elementary Hungarian I-II. Course activities, authentic audio and video material along with Hungarian online resources will enable students to further develop their reading, writing, listening comprehension and conversational skills. Students will practice their skills by discussing and writing about their interests, student lives, travel and cultural experiences, life on campus as well as learning about Hungarian seasonal traditions, cultural events, and Hungarian student life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"36534", path:"/courses/36534", description:"Spanish 130 is a first-semester intermediate-level language course that emphasizes the development of the four basic skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking skills) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in meaningful contexts. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense, and the development of writing skills at a paragraph level with transitions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"39602", path:"/courses/39602", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Classics & American Government", number:"null", id:"41180", path:"/courses/41180", description:"Before the universities established public-service programs in the twentieth century, many Americans prepared themselves for public life by studying Greek and Latin authors in school and college. In this course, using English translations, students survey an eighteenth-century classical curriculum and trace its influence in the political activity of Madison and others who guided the development of American governmental institutions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: CANCER", number:"null", id:"43230", path:"/courses/43230", description:"This elective case study offers students the opportunity to learn about the etiology, diagnosis, and management of cancer across the lifespan. Building on existing clinical knowledge and skills, students will explore cancer care from the perspectives of prevention, early detection, treatment, survivorship, and death. Observational clinical experiences and selected case studies will enhance students' understanding of patients' and families' cancer experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOREMEDIATION", number:"null", id:"37114", path:"/courses/37114", description:"This course is an introduction to current and developing techniques for analyzing environmental contamination and for remediation of damaged environments. Knowledge of these options is important for students interested in public/law applications and environmental lanscape design and as a starting point for those pursuing a more science-oriented understanding. The first portion of this course will address bioindicators, the use of living systems to assess environmental contamination. These include systems ranging from biochemical assays to monitoring of whole organisms or ecosystems, as well as techniques ranging from laboratory to field and satellite surveys. The second portion of the course will introduce technologies for bioremediation- the use of living systems to restore contaminated environments. The technologies scale from single-species systems to complex ecosystems such as constructed wetlands; case studies will be examined. Students will be expected to participate in field trips, as well as prepare a final paper examining a particular technology in detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED TURKISH I", number:"null", id:"37991", path:"/courses/37991", description:"A continuation of elementary Turkish, with emphasis on grammar and reading. This course is for students who have previous knowledge of Turkish or students who have completed Elementary Turkish I and II. This course is designed to improve students' writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in Turkish, and in order give them cultural knowledge, students are exposed to authentic materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISSERTATION SEMINAR I", number:"null", id:"40486", path:"/courses/40486", description:"Advanced study and research in nursing leading to the completion of the dissertation proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIAT MALAYALAM II", number:"null", id:"36155", path:"/courses/36155", description:"This course is designed to further the language skills learned in Beginning Malayalam. Direct and indirect speech, passive voice, postpositions, and rules of joining words, will be included. Reading and discussion of texts from current Malayalam literature (essays, narration, short stories, and poems) will be a major portion of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN PHILOSOPHY I: COGNITION & EMOTION", number:"null", id:"43323", path:"/courses/43323", description:"In classical Athens the question of how a government should work was an urgent one. They invented democracy, adopted it successfully for decades, and then it faced challenges, from oligarchs and others. At this time of tumult, the philosopher Plato set out to explore the question of the best form of government by framing it as a question of justice. Which mode of governing is the one that delivers justice? But to understand this question, a person first needs to understand what justice itself is. Coming up with an answer to this is a thorny and difficult prospect. By focusing on Plato's Republic, this course aims to explore how best to govern a society, what kinds of qualities one should expect in a leader, and how these questions are connected to very basic understandings about human nature, society, and the world in general.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"43859", path:"/courses/43859", description:"Continuation of CHEM 221. Principles and applications of thermodynamics, and a molecular-based understanding of macroscopic properties.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TECH COMM & ACAD WRITING", number:"null", id:"37015", path:"/courses/37015", description:"Students will improve the grammar, word choice and organization of their professional writing by completing weekly writing assignments and a full-length research paper. Students will also give short oral presentations and receive feedback on pronunciation, wording, grammar and organization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP. GOVERNANCE EXEC", number:"null", id:"40841", path:"/courses/40841", description:"This class examines the relationships between corporate managers, the boards of directors charged with overseeing them, and investors. We'll review the responsibilities of the board, including financial statement approval, CEO performance assessment, executive compensation, and succession planning. While boards are legally bound to represent the interests of equity investors, in the course of carrying out this role they are often called on to respond to the needs of numerous other stakeholders, including customers, employees, government and society at large. With global brands at risk and mistakes instantly transmitted via Internet and social media, the reputational stakes are very high.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"38847", path:"/courses/38847", description:"Introduction to learning and understanding American Sign Language ( ASL ); cultural values and rules of behavior of the Deaf community in the United States. Includes receptive and expressive readiness activities; sign vocabulary; grammatical structure; facial expressive, body movement, gestures signs; receptive and expressive fingerspelling; and deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TISSUE ENG/PR/MTHD/APP", number:"null", id:"38175", path:"/courses/38175", description:"Tissue engineering demonstrates enormous potential for improving human health. This course explores principles of tissue engineering, drawing upon diverse fields such as developmental biology, cell biology, physiology, transport phenomena, material science, and polymer chemistry. Current and developing methods of tissue engineering, as well as specific applications will be discussed in the context of these principles. A significant component of the course will involve review of current literature within this developing field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGE OF CAESAR", number:"null", id:"41175", path:"/courses/41175", description:"A course on Roman culture and society in a period of tumultuous political change, the lifetime of Julius Caesar (100-44BCE). Focuses on the interplay between shifting political and military realities and developments in social organization and literary production at Rome and in the wider Mediterranean world. The reception of Caesar in later ages will also be considered. Readings (all in translation) will include Catullus, Cicero, Lucretius, Plutarach, Sallust, Suetonius, and, of course, Caesar himself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"37389", path:"/courses/37389", description:"Intended for students who have no Japanese background. All four skills, speaking/listening/writing/reading, are equally emphasized. Hiragana/Katakana (Two sets of Japanese syllabic letters) and some Chinese characters (Kanji) are introduced. Textbooks: Yookoso I (Getting Started - Chapt. 3) and basic Kanji Book I (L.1-L.4) Kanji: reproduction-approx.50/recognitio-approx.80", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINGUISTIC FIELD METHODS", number:"null", id:"44444", path:"/courses/44444", description:"Instruction and practice in primary linguistic research, producing a grammatical sketch and a lexicon through work with a native-speaker consultant and some reference materials. Consultant work is shared with LING 302. Each student will write a final paper on some aspect of the language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PRINTMAKING", number:"null", id:"41393", path:"/courses/41393", description:"The course offers an introduction to several forms of printmaking including: intaglio, screen printing, relief, and monoprinting. Through in-class demonstrations students are introduced to various approaches to making and printing in each medium. The course enhances a student's capacity for developing images through two-dimensional design and conceptual processes. Technical and conceptual skills are developed through discussions and critiques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND LAW", number:"null", id:"41286", path:"/courses/41286", description:"An introduction not only to representations of the law and legal processes in literary texts, but also to the theories of reading, representation, and interpretation that form the foundation of both legal and literary analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"42236", path:"/courses/42236", description:"Permission of Instructor Required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NONPROFIT SECTOR: ECONOM", number:"null", id:"42405", path:"/courses/42405", description:"The nonprofit sector plays a key role in the provision of many goods and services which are fundamental in our society and which may be difficult to provide using market mechanisms alone. Education, health care, charitable services, and the arts are some primary examples of these. Nonprofit organizations operate in service of specific social missions rather than profit maximization, but in order to serve those missions effectively while ensuring their own survival, they must also make many of the decisions typically associated with private firms. That is, they must compete for funding, human resources, and consumers of their services, they must manage and invest their resources efficiently, and they must innovate new products and services over time. Importantly, the latter requirements may at times come in conflict with the organizations' social values. As a result, nonprofit organizations as economic decision-makers confront a number of unique challenges to their success and growth. The goal of this course is to give students a broad overview of the economic, organizational, and strategic concerns facing the non-profit sector. Our objective is to characterize the unique economic environment, identify effective strategic governance, and management approaches, and explore how appropriate measurement techniques can", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICROBIOLOGY: ELEMENTS OF MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36830", path:"/courses/36830", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS I", number:"null", id:"41683", path:"/courses/41683", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects in combinatorial analysis with applications to many other branches of math and science: graphs and networks, generating functions, permutations, posets, asymptotics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LIGHT,SET,COSTUME", number:"null", id:"39394", path:"/courses/39394", description:"Design for theatre (and all of the performing arts) is a dynamic, collaborative process that engages both intellect and emotion in staging the dramatic moment. The personal vision of the designer must navigate the often-uncharted waters of the production process, from the earliest, personal moments of design inspiration to the opening night performance. Design flows from creativity, is structured by research and theory, and is realized in living form by collaboration in the dynamic process of theatre-making. This class will integrate history, theory and practice of stage design in the interactive setting of the Collaborative Classroom in Van Pelt Library in this special interdisciplinary, active-learning course offering open to all Penn students. Group and individual projects, field visits, practical projects and guest speakers will be featured in this newly-revised course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"42825", path:"/courses/42825", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions, especially the activities of global, systemically important banks. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry and highlight the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and reputational risk. Most classes will begin with discussion of a current event related to course topics. Three team projects will be assigned that will give you deeper exposure to analytic techniques related to the course. Throughout the semester, we will discuss public policy issues facing the international financial system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"36779", path:"/courses/36779", description:"Independent research projects in the laboratories of individual faculty members. A list of possible research supervisors is available in the Biochemistry office (351 Chemistry). In addition to their laboratory projects, students will attend a weekly seminar in which their own and related work will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETS,MORALITY&CAPITAL", number:"null", id:"38834", path:"/courses/38834", description:"Markets play a central role in the life of a capitalist democracy. But is this a good thing? Should we let markets decide who is rich and who is poor? Who makes decisions and who follows them? Whose ideas get heard and whose ideas do not? The goal of this class will be to examine the market from the perspective of various social values to see whether we should want a market system and, if so, what kind of market system we should want. Among the issues we will examine are the following. Does the market contribute to the common good? If so, how? Does the market conflict with the idea that all human beings are of equal value? What is the relation between the market and freedom? Does the market liberate us or oppress us? Can we reconcile the market with our democratic ideals? What role should corporations play in a healthy democracy? What role should markets play in an increasingly globalized world? We will read several important philosophers, economists and political theorists writing on these issues, including Adam Smith, John Rawls, Amartya Sen, Friedrich Hayek, Karl Marx, Robert Nozick, Jurgen Habermas, and others. Grades will be based on three papers and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"40073", path:"/courses/40073", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significance in contemporary German-speaking countries throuh literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DMD SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"43916", path:"/courses/43916", description:"The goal of this course is to provide an opportunity for seniors to define, desand execute a project of your own choosing that demonstrates the technical skiland abilities that you have acquired during your 4 years as undergraduates. Evaluation is based on selecting an interesting topic, completing appropriate research on the state of the art in that area, communicating your objectives i writing and in presentations, accurately estimating what resources will be reqto complete your chosen task, coding necessary functionality, and executing your plan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INSECT EPIDEMIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38769", path:"/courses/38769", description:"Malaria, Dengue, Chagas disease, the Plague--some of the most deadly and widespread infectious diseases are carried by insects. The insects are also pernicious pests; bed bugs have returned from obscurity to wreak havoc on communities, invasive species decimate agricultural production, and wood borers are threatening forests across the United States. At the same time declines among the insects on which we depend--the honeybees and other pollinators--threaten our food security and ultimately the political stability of the US and other nations. We will study the areas where the insects and humans cross paths, and explore how our interactions with insects can be cause, consequence or symptom of much broader issues. This is not an entomology course but will cover a lot about bugs. Its not a traditional epidemiology course but will cover some fascinating epidemiological theory originally developed for the control of disease vectors. Its not a history cour but will cover past epidemics and infestations tha have changed the course of the history of cities a reversed advancing armies. Assignments will includ essays and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEETHOVEN", number:"null", id:"36179", path:"/courses/36179", description:"Courses under this number will focus on a specific composer from the classical tradition. As well as introducing students to the music and cultural environment of a given composer, courses will also examine the reception and canonization of a given composer, and the mechanisms of cult-formation. Fulfills Arts and Letters sector and Cross Cultural Analysis Requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"38215", path:"/courses/38215", description:"BIOL 204 examines the basic principles of protein structure, protein purification and characterization, proteomics, enzyme kinetics and mechanism, membrane structure and function, metabolism, and cellular energy transduction. The primary objective is to provide life scientists with an appreciation of basic principles of modern biochemistry, and of how the current conceptual and technical framework arose. Emphasis is placed on the experimental approaches and reasoning behind the dissection and reconstitution of these processes in a biological and, in some cases, clinical context. Discussions directed at biochemical problem solving, experimental design and the application of quantitative methods are integral to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN BIBB: HOW MEMORIES DEFINE US", number:"null", id:"40804", path:"/courses/40804", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the study of the Biological Basis of Behavior, an interdisciplinary field that examines the behavioral functions of the nervous system. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The English Novel: Urban Spectacles", number:"null", id:"45144", path:"/courses/45144", description:"This course explores the history of the British novel and the diverse strategie of style, structure, characterization, and narrative techniques it has deployed since the late seventeenth century. While works from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries will form the core of the reading, some versions of this course will include twentieth-century works. All will provide students with the opportunity to test the advantages and limitations of a variety of critical approaches to the novel as a genre. Readings may include works by Behn, Swift, Defoe, Richardson, Fielding, Lennox, Smollett, Burney, Scott, Austen, the Brontes, Dickens, Eliot, Hardy, Conrad, Joyce, Lawrence, Woolf, Rhys, Greene, Naipaul, Carter, Rushdie, and Coetzee.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING TABLA I", number:"null", id:"37880", path:"/courses/37880", description:"An introduction to the tabla, the premier drum of north Indian and Pakistani classical music traditions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS CULTURAL STUDIES: BLACKNESS ACROSS MEDIA", number:"null", id:"35478", path:"/courses/35478", description:"This topic course explores aspects of Film Cultural Studies intensively. Specific course topics vary from year to year. See the Cinema Studies website at <http://cinemastudies.sas.upenn.edu/> for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRANSNATL ISSUES GLOBAL", number:"null", id:"38779", path:"/courses/38779", description:"Transnational Issues in Global Politics This course is designed to provide students with an introduction to transnational issues and world politics and to acquaint them with some of the leading issues, theories, concepts and processes that shape and define world events. It is expected that students taking the course will gain an ability to analyze, understand objectively evaluate and apprecate the complex dynamic that is 'global politics.' In order to better understand other nations, their leaders and their motivations, the readings and lectures in the first segment of this course will examine the traditional and contemporary approaches to studying world politics. Next, we will focus on the instruments of conflict and cooperation and the forces of integration and fragmentation in the world today. Finally, we will assess some of the major international issues of our time (i.e. climate change, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, genocide and human trafficking) and debate the prospects for bringing peace and prosperity to a world that is rife with conflict and poverty. The overriding challenge in this introductory course is to consider international relations from different perspectives and to be open and adaptive as you develop a deeper understanding of global issues and politics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL & SOC ENVIRON OF MM", number:"null", id:"36116", path:"/courses/36116", description:"Successful practitioners of corporate diplomacy meld art and skill in engaging external stakeholders to advance their corporate interests. They craft international coalitions of stakeholders spanning politicians, regulators, bureaucrats, analysts, investors, lawyers, reporters, consumers and activists. They influence these stakeholders' opinions, perceptions, behaviors and decisions so as to secure a favorable policy outcome, collective decision or shift in group opinion that enhances their corporation's ability to generate a profit by satisfying a market demand. This course surveys the managerial, political economic, sociological and psychological foundations of corporate diplomacy as well as case study examples of successful and failed implementation in order to develop an interdisciplinary framework for the play of global influence games. The insights gained can be applied to influence team decision-making and organizational politics as well as by individuals and organizations in lobbying, marketing, sales, political campaigns and corporate, national or multilaterial projections of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIRCUIT-LEVEL MODELING", number:"null", id:"37133", path:"/courses/37133", description:"Circuit-level design and modeling of gates, storage, and interconnect. Emphasis on understanding physical aspects which drive energy, delay, area, and noise in digital circuits. Impact of physical effects on design and achievable performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICS FOR THE SOCIAL SCIENCES I", number:"null", id:"41209", path:"/courses/41209", description:"Statistical techniques and quantitative reasonig are essential tools for properly examing questions in the social sciences. This course introduces students to the concepts of probability, estimation, confidence intervals, and statistical inference. The course has an applied focus and will show students how to use the statistical concepts and methods to answer social science questions. The course will require the use of R, a free, open source statistical analysis program. This course has been approved for the quantitative data analysis requirement (QDA).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL ECON OF DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"42024", path:"/courses/42024", description:"The course surveys some of the principal themes in the political economies of lower income countries. The questions we shall seek to address cover a broad terrain. Who are the key actors? What are their beliefs, interests and motivations? What are their constraints? How are these being affected by closer economic linkages between national economies? While there is no single integrative framework or paradigm into which these themes neatly fit, a common thread is the changing dynamics and interplay between the local, the national, and the global. A familiarity with basic economic concepts will be helpful, but is not necessary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Representation and Identity Politics", number:"null", id:"39229", path:"/courses/39229", description:"Since the French Revolution, nationalism linked to ethnicity has been one of the most potent political devices for joining culture to state power. In this course we seek to understand what it is about nationalism and ethnicity that have made them so influential. How can they be understood as formulas for from political legitimacy and mobilization that are both similar and different from religious, Marxist, liberal, democratic and other formulas? What about the post-cold war world seems to have produced a new wave of conflicts based on ethno-national claims? By understanding the sources of nationalist sentiments and practices we can better evaluate the political and policy challenges posed by conflicts arising from them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CU IN INDIA: THE PERFORMING ARTS OF MODERN SOUTH INDIA", number:"null", id:"42109", path:"/courses/42109", description:"C.U. in India is a hybrid, domestic/overseas course series which provides students with the opportunity to have an applied learning and cultural experience in India or South East Asia where students participate in 1) 28 classrom hours in the Fall term 2) a 12-day trip to India or South East Asia with the instructor during the winter break visiting key sites and conducting original research (sites vary) 3) 28 classroom hours at Penn in the Spring term and 4) a research paper, due at the end of the Spring term. Course enrollment is limited to students admitted to the program. For more information and the program application go to http://sites.sas.upenn.edu/cuinindia", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY RESEARCH & DESIGN", number:"null", id:"43397", path:"/courses/43397", description:"Survey research is a small but rich acadmic field and discipline, drawing on theory and practice from many diverse fields including political science and communication.This course canvasses the science and practice of survey methods,sampling theory, instrument development and operationalization, and the analysis and reporting of survey data. Major areas of focus include measurement and research on survey errors, application to election polling, new frontiers in data collection, overall development of data management and introductory statistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"39840", path:"/courses/39840", description:"The purpose of this course is to examine the financing of governments in the urban economy. Topics to be covered include the causes and consequences of the urban fiscal crisis, the design of optimal tax and spending policies for local governments, funding of public infrastructures and the workings of the municipal bond market, privatization of government services, and public financial systems for emerging economies. Applications include analyses of recent fiscal crises, local services and taxes as important determinants of real estate prices, the infrastructure crisis, financing and the provision of public education, and fiscal constitutions for new democracies using South Africa as an example.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APOC", number:"null", id:"38504", path:"/courses/38504", description:"In this one-semester course, students will learn how to design tools to address global health problems. Primarily, the course will introduce the use of self-contained, portable medical diagnostics to provide high-quality medical care in resource-limited settings. This course will meet once a week in evening sessions during the spring semester and involved travel to Ghana (Kumasi Center for Collaborative Research in Tropica l Medicine) for one month between (approximately) May 19th and June 15th. The course will cover the following topics: 1) Introduce students to the techni aspects of designing self-contained medical diagnostics (i.e. microfluidics, embedded systems, molecular analysis, nanomaterials). 2) Train students to design and evaluate multidisciplinary solutions. 3) Introduce students to the art of forming international partnerships and collaborations. 4) Train student to design solutions that are appropriate for foreign cultures, economies, hist and regulatory environments", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
