CREATE (:Course{name:"APOC", number:"null", id:"38504", path:"/courses/38504", description:"In this one-semester course, students will learn how to design tools to address global health problems. Primarily, the course will introduce the use of self-contained, portable medical diagnostics to provide high-quality medical care in resource-limited settings. This course will meet once a week in evening sessions during the spring semester and involved travel to Ghana (Kumasi Center for Collaborative Research in Tropica l Medicine) for one month between (approximately) May 19th and June 15th. The course will cover the following topics: 1) Introduce students to the techni aspects of designing self-contained medical diagnostics (i.e. microfluidics, embedded systems, molecular analysis, nanomaterials). 2) Train students to design and evaluate multidisciplinary solutions. 3) Introduce students to the art of forming international partnerships and collaborations. 4) Train student to design solutions that are appropriate for foreign cultures, economies, hist and regulatory environments", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS", number:"null", id:"36282", path:"/courses/36282", description:"This one semester survey course provides an overview of quantitative clinical research design and methods. Ethical and legal considerations in human subjects research, access to patient populations, sampling designs and power analysis, experimental and non-experimental designs, measurement of variables, data collection techniques, and data management are included. This course is intended for doctoral students in the health sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL FINANCIAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"40004", path:"/courses/40004", description:"FNCE 719 is a course on international financial markets and exchange rates. Topics include pricing in the foreign currency and Eurocurrency markets, use of forward exchange for hedging, short-term returns and market efficiency in the international money markets, foreign currency options, international capital asset pricing, pricing of foreign currency bonds, currency swaps, Eurocurrency syndicated loans, foreign currency financing and exposure management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"44030", path:"/courses/44030", description:"Continuation of EEUR121. The second semester of elementary Hungarian course continues on providing functional language competency in basic grammar, vocabulary, comprehension, reading, writing and speaking in Hungarian. Students will continue to learn communicating in everyday life situations as well as in organizing a trip to Hungary, staying in a hotel, ordering meals, buying goods, and participating in cultural activities by using authentic Hungarian online resources and interactive class activities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ANALYT & D ECON: Advanced Analytics and the Digital Economy", number:"null", id:"44718", path:"/courses/44718", description:"This course is meant as a follow-on to OIDD 215 (or with instructor permission). The goal of this segment is to further immerse students in the world of data science projects. Specifically, we focus on working with large, unstructured data sources and gain experience with introductory machine learning concepts. Students who take this segment of the course will spend time inside and outside of the classroom combining data and code to develop data products for a number of new industries, including finance, the restaurant industry, and health care. At the end of the course, students will be expected to complete an advanced data project, which involves acquiring data from an online web property (e.g. Uber, Facebook) through an API and developing an interactive data visualization. Students who complete this course should have the necessary tools to begin building a portfolio of data science projects that they can share online through platforms such as GitHub or with future employers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJOR SEMINAR ON JAPAN: DEBATE,DISSENT,&DISCIPLN", number:"null", id:"37008", path:"/courses/37008", description:"This is a seminar required for all Japanese majors in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilization. Topic varies year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Data Science for Public Policy", number:"null", id:"41472", path:"/courses/41472", description:"In the 21st century, Big Data surround us. Data are being collected about all aspects of our daily lives. To improve transparency and accountability an increasing number of public organizations are sharing their data with the public. But data are not information. You need good information to make sound decisions. To be an effective public leader, you will need to learn how to harness information from available data. This course will introduce you to key elements of data science, including data transformation, analysis, visualization, and presentation. An emphasis is placed on manipulating data to create informative and compelling analyses that provide valuable evidence in public policy debates. We will teach you how to present information using interactive apps that feature software packages. As in all courses at Fels, we will concentrate on more practical skills than theoretical concepts behind the techniques. This course is designed to expand upon core concepts in data management and analysis that you learned in GAFL 640: Program Evaluation and Data Analysis. This is a graduate level course and while GAFL 640 is not a pre-requisite, students are expected to have a foundation of data management and analysis before beginning this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR ABNORMAL PSYCH: GENDER AND PSYCHOPATHOLO", number:"null", id:"39254", path:"/courses/39254", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEAM LAB I", number:"null", id:"38903", path:"/courses/38903", description:"This is the second of a two-semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. The spring semester course follows closely with MEAM 203 and MEAM 211, expanding upon the principles of experimentation, measurement, analysis, and design of systems through hands-on laboratories and projects in thermodynamics and dynamics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN CULTURAL HIST: MAKING AND MARKING TIME", number:"null", id:"38689", path:"/courses/38689", description:"Topic for Spring 2016: Making and Marking Time. What is time? In the late 19th century, the questions of how to define time, how to slow down time, and, above all, how to accelerate movement have become focus of the work by many European philosophers who have tried to come to terms with what is now termed as the Industrial Revolution, and the idea of 'progress.' And can time be understood as something continuous, or is it fragmented, proceeding in fits and burst? Such contemplations on time have deeply influenced writers. Marcel Proust was a reader of Henri Bergson and translated his theories of time into a concept of memory. Thomas Mann has tried to navigate timelessness in a novel set on a 'Magic Mountain.' Virginia Woolf and James Joyce have pictured an entire universe in a single day (Mrs. Dalloway, Ulysses) while early 20th century Italian Futurists made the contemplation of time part of their manifestos. With them, and with expressionist writers in Germany or writers from the DADA movement there elsewhere in Europe, a reckoning with time would also influence their choice of genre and form, writerly practice, and technique.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PERSIAN I", number:"null", id:"41946", path:"/courses/41946", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COST MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"40884", path:"/courses/40884", description:"This course covers managerial accounting and cost management practices that can be strategically applied across the various functions of a business organization to improve organizational performance. The course emphasizes the methods available to measure and evaluate costs for decision-making and performance evaluation purposes. It reviews a number of cost management issues relating to the design and implementation of strategic, marketing, value analysis, and other management models in modern firms; and identifies major contemporary issues in managerial accounting and financial decision- making. A variety of case studies in different industries and decision contexts are used to examine the application of these concepts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM MECH II", number:"null", id:"44790", path:"/courses/44790", description:"Continuation of PHYS 531. Topics covered include the path integral formulation, symmetries in quantum mechanics, scattering theory, and decoherence. Other topics may include time independent and time dependent perturbation theory, and atomic and molecular systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACH DESIGN & MANUFACT", number:"null", id:"43094", path:"/courses/43094", description:"Building upon the fundamentals of mechanical design taught in MEAM 101, this hands-on, project-based course provides students with the knowledge and skills necessary to design, analyze, manufacture. and test fully-functional mechanical systems. Topics covered include an introduction to machine elements, analysis of the mechanics of machining, manufacturing technology, precision fabrication (milling, turning, and computer-controlled machining), metrology, tolerances, cutting-tool fundamentals and engineering materials. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE METHODS II", number:"null", id:"39330", path:"/courses/39330", description:"As the second part of a two-semester sequence, this graduate course focuses on regression analysis as used in social science research. In particular, we discuss features and assumptions of linear regression and logistic regression models. We learn how to apply regression models to real social science data using Stata and how to interpret the results.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE", number:"null", id:"36933", path:"/courses/36933", description:"This course is an introductory graduate course on computer architecture with an emphasis on a quantitative approach to cost/performance design tradeoffs. The course covers the fundamentals of classical and modern uniprocessor design: performance and cost issues, instruction sets, pipelining, superscalar, out-of-order, and speculative execution mechanisms, caches, physical memory, virtual memory, and I/O. Other topics include: static scheduling, VLIW and EPIC, software speculation, long (SIMD) and short (multimedia) vector execution, multithreading, and an introduction to shared memory multiprocessors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38225", path:"/courses/38225", description:"A view of how an animal embryo is specified to develop and differentiate into a wide spectrum of cell types, and how the spatial patterns and axes of embyros are determined. The course will focus on genetic and molecular approaches, but will also cover the comparative anatomy of developing embryos to the extent necessary to understand the conserved aspects of embryonic patterning. Special emphasis will be placed on organisms with particular advantages for the study of embryonic development: e.g., mouse, frog, zebrafish, and Drosophila. The first half of the course will cover cell fate restrictions, cloning animals using nuclear transfer, stem cell biology, formation of the embryonic axes in vertebrates and Drosophila, and patterning of the neural tube and mesodermal tissues. The second half of the course will focus on emerging ideas and findings in the field, with emphasis on analysis of original literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Faculty-Student Collaborative Action Seminar in Urban Univ-Comm Relations", number:"null", id:"39405", path:"/courses/39405", description:"One of the goals of this seminar is to help students develop their capacity to solve strategic, real-world problems by working collaboratively in the classroom, on campus, and in the West Philadelphia community. Research teams help contribute to the improvement of education on campus and in the community, as well as the improvement of university-community relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PUNJABI", number:"null", id:"42061", path:"/courses/42061", description:"The objective of the course is to improve proficiency in speaking, listening, reading and writing. Fall semester: Readings in Punjabi Literature - This course addresses the individual needs of learners. This is a one semester course. The focus of the course will be to study the interpretation of written and oral materials on social, political and contemporary cultural topics from modern literature, literary criticism, poetry and drama. Weekly written compositions and oral presentations will be assigned. Grading will be based on this. Spring semester: Punjabi Popular Culture- This course focuses on different aspects of popular Punjabi culture as they are represented in media - television, internet, magazines, newspapers, film, and music. This course aims at making the best use of class participation to improve all four language skills. This is also a one semester course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"41159", path:"/courses/41159", description:"The goals of this course are twofold: (1) to take good programmers and turn them into excellent ones, and (2) to introduce them to a range of modern software engineering practices, in particular those embodied in advanced functional programming languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARTIANS IN NEW JERSEY: MEDIA, PERFORMANCE AND AMERICA IN 1938", number:"null", id:"42953", path:"/courses/42953", description:"In the most famous of Halloween pranks, in 1938, Orson Welles broadcast the annihilation of the world, and in doing so, blurred the bounds between fiction and reality. Told through a series of newscasts, the program, 'The War of the Worlds,' led many to believe that martians had indeed attacked the United States. Aired as radio was becoming a leading source of entertainment and news, this radio play would become one of the new medium's most recalled, and most controversial, programs. In this course, we use the story of Welles's play to open a window into the United States in the Great Depression and on the eve of World War II. That story will help us consider America's early engagement with radio and the mass media, the possibilities for storytelling on the air, and the connections between media and manipulation. To explore such topics in depth, performance will be a key component of the course: Students will develop and deliver a 'broadcast' of the play, through which we will consider radio theater and the world of 'War of the Worlds.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"37458", path:"/courses/37458", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND OF MATERIALS", number:"null", id:"37579", path:"/courses/37579", description:"This course will provide a graduate level introduction to the science and engineering of materials. It is designed specifically to meet the needs of students who will be doing research that involves materials but who do not have an extensive background in the field. The focus is on fundamental aspects of materials science and will emphasize phenomena and how to describe them . The course assumes an undergraduate background in any area of physical/chemical science and undergraduate mathematics appropriate to this. The course will also be accessible to students of applied mathematics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALYTICAL METHODS IN ECONOMICS, LAW, AND MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"40255", path:"/courses/40255", description:"Elementary applications of decision analysis, game theory, probability and statistics to issues in accounting, contracting, finance, law, and medicine, amongst others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SANSKRIT II", number:"null", id:"44917", path:"/courses/44917", description:"This course will lead students to consolidate their knowledge of Sanskrit grammar and increase their familiarity with Sanskrit literature of all kinds, including epic, literary, philosophical, and narrative genres of texts. It will also introduce students to the study and reading of inscriptional materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY B", number:"null", id:"42431", path:"/courses/42431", description:"General principles of biology focusing on evolution, physiology, development, and ecology in all types of living organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TWENTIETH CENTURY NEW YORK: THEORIES, IMAGES, REALITIES", number:"null", id:"43730", path:"/courses/43730", description:"'New York is the perfect model of a city, not the model of a perfect city.' -Lewis Mumford. This course is constructed as an argument among four visionary thinkers whose differing theories of the twentieth-century city were shaped by their response to New York City's modern urban architectural, and environmental development: Lewis Mumford (1895-1990), Robert Moses (1888-1981), Jane Jacobs (1916-2006), and Rem Koolhaas (1944-). The seminar explores the central problems that preoccupied each, from civic representation and sustainability to large-scale infrastructure and urban renewal, from community and complexity to urban experience and the urban imaginary. Readings of key texts by and about the four main figures are supplemented with related material and with case studies of New York's built environment. The class includes two trips to New York to visit selected sites. The focus is double: on the role and agency of the 'urban intellectual' in the production of urban culture; and on New York's material history and visual representations. New York has been called the capital of the twentieth century. The seminar aims to assess the continuing relevance of the ideas of this quartet of influential thinkers and to reflect on twenty-first-century New York in light of its evolution over the last hundred years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM MECH II", number:"null", id:"36366", path:"/courses/36366", description:"Spin and other two dimensional systems, matrix mechanics, rotation group, symmetries, time independent and time dependent perturbation theory, and atomicand molecular systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCENE STUDY", number:"null", id:"36594", path:"/courses/36594", description:"Scene Study is an acting class that combines intensive script analysis with performance of scenes; this year, we will focus on work by contemporary American playwrights. Open to students who have successfully completed Introduction to Acting (and possibly Acting Level II), this class builds on those courses, but with emphasis on the actor's work with the text. We will study several plays together as a class, alongside key acting theory texts, conducting Stanislavskian table work. We will then workshop and perform scenes from these plays in class. In consultation with the instructor, students will identify individual goals, building on discoveries made in other acting and/or Theatre Arts courses-and onstage-and to work on material that presents new challenges and expands range. Depending on the number of students enrolled in the class, we are likely to perform at least three pieces. Class work will be complemented by attendance at selected live production on campus and in Philadelphia.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE/HEALNG IN CHINA", number:"null", id:"39808", path:"/courses/39808", description:"This course explores Chinese medicine and healing culture, its diversity, and its change over time. We will discuss topics including the establishment of canonical medicine, Daoist approaches to healing and longevity, diverse views of the body and disease, the emergence of treatments for women, medical construction of sex difference and imagination of female sexuality, the thriving and decline of female healers, the identity of scholar physicians, the transmission of medical knowledge, domestic and cross-regional drug market, healer-patient relations, and new visions of traditional Chinese medicine in modern China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RELIGION AND POLITICS", number:"null", id:"36416", path:"/courses/36416", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. Recent topics include: Globalization; Race & Criminal Justice; Democracy & Markets in Postcommunist Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42511", path:"/courses/42511", description:"This course is the second half of a one-year course for business oriented subjects. This course will provide an overview of China's changing macro-environment, while real business cases let us look into individual Chinese companies and their development in the new millennium. By the end of the semester, students are expected to 1) enhance the cultural awareness of contemporary China and the Chinese business world; 2) gain vocabulary and fluency in Chinese to function more confidently and comfortably in real business settings; 3) access business news and information in Chinese; 4) give business presentation in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"43418", path:"/courses/43418", description:"What infants and young children come to know about the world, and how they learn it. Topics will include changes in children's thinking, perceptual development, language acquisition, and current theories of cognitive development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"36468", path:"/courses/36468", description:"Continuation of RUSS001. Further work developing basic language skills using exciting authentic materials about life in present-day Russia. At the conclusion of the course, students will be prepared to negotiate most basic communication needs in Russia (getting around town, ordering a meal, buying goods and services, polite conversation about topics of interest) and to comprehend most texts and spoken material at a basic level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BIOENG II", number:"null", id:"42386", path:"/courses/42386", description:"Introduction to Bioengineering II. Continuation of the freshman introductory bioengineering course. This course introduces students to the design process and emphasizes its role in engineering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"36221", path:"/courses/36221", description:"This course examines how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of individuals and families experiencing severe psychiatric distress. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. The course addresses nursing phenomena of concern related the meanings of an illness experience, the development of healing relationships with or within individuals, families, and groups, and on the advanced communication strategies needed to engage individual and families in mental health promotion strategies. It also provides the tools to enable students to construct effective treatment groups with patients; work groups with disciplinary and inter-professional colleagues; and to understand the healing dimensions of environments. Clinical and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and clinically situated knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRIMINOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45133", path:"/courses/45133", description:"This introductory course examines the multi-disciplinary science of law-making, law-breaking, and law-enforcing. It reviews theories and data predicting where, when, by whom and against whom crimes happen. It also addresses the prevention of different offense types by different kinds of offenders against different kinds of people. Police, courts, prisons, and other institutions are critically examined as both preventing and causing crime. This course meets the general distribution requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAP & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"40326", path:"/courses/40326", description:"This elective half-semester course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of the typical high-growth start-up company. The course is fundamentally pragmatic in its outlook. It will cover six principal areas relevant to the privately held high-growth start-up, these include commentary on the venture capital industry generally as well as a discussion of the typical venture fund structure and related venture capital objectives and investment strategies; common organizational issues encountered in the formation of a venture backed start-up, including issues relating to initial capitalization, intellectual property and early stage equity arrangements; valuation methodologies that form the basis of the negotiation between the the venture capitalist in anticipation of a venture investment; the challenges of fundraising, financing strategies and the importance of the business plan and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur; typical investment terms found in the term sheet and the dynamics of negotiation between the entrepreneur and the venture capitalist; corporate governance in the context of a privately-held, venture capital-backed start-up company and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur in an insider-led, 'down round' financing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AIR POLLUTION: SOURCES & EFFECTS IN URBAN ENVIRONMENTS", number:"null", id:"39919", path:"/courses/39919", description:"This is an ABCS course designed to provide the student with an understanding of air pollution at the local, regional and global levels. The nature, composition, and properties of air pollutants in the atmosphere will also be studied. The course will focus on Philadelphia's air quality and how air pollutants have an adverse effect on the health of the residents. The recent designation by IARC of Air Pollution as a known carcinogen will be explored. How the community is exposed to air pollutants with consideration of vulnerable populations will be considered. Through a partnership with Philadelphia Air Management Service (AMS) agency the science of air monitoring and trends over time will be explored. Philadelphia's current non-attainment status for PM2.5. and ozone will be studied. Philadelphia's current initiatives to improvethe air quality of the city will be discussed. Students will learn to measure PM2.5 in outdoor and indoor settings and develop community-based outreach tools to effectively inform the community of Philadelphia regarding air pollution. The outreach tools developed by students may be presentations, written materials, apps, websites or other strategies for enhancing environmental health literacy of the community. A project based approach will be used to include student monitoring of area", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GODS, GHOSTS, & MONSTERS", number:"null", id:"37845", path:"/courses/37845", description:"This course seeks to be a broad introduction. It introduces students to the diversity of doctrines held and practices performed, and art produced about 'the fantastic' from earliest times to the present. The fantastic (the uncanny or supernatural) is a fundamental category in the scholarly study of religion, art, anthropology, and literature. This course fill focus both theoretical approaches to studying supernatural beings from a Religious Studies perspective while drawing examples from Buddhist, Shinto, Christian, Hindu, Jain, Zoroastrian, Egyptian, Central Asian, Native American, and Afro-Caribbean sources from earliest examples to the present including mural, image, manuscript, film, codex, and even comic books. It will also introduce students to related humanistic categories of study: material and visual culture, theodicy, cosmology, shamanism, transcendentalism, soteriology, eschatology, phantasmagoria, spiritualism, mysticism, theophany, and the historical power of rumor. 

It will serve as a gateway course into the study of Religion among numerous Asian, and East Asian Studies, as well as Visual Culture and Film Studies. It will include guest lectures from professors from several departments, as well as an extensive hands-on use of the collections of the Penn Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and the manuscripts held in the Schoenberg Collection of Van Pelt Library. It aims to not only introduce students to major, approaches, and terms in the study of religion and the supernatural, but inspire them to take more advanced courses by Ilya Vinitsky, Liliane Weissberg, Projit Mukharji, Talya Fishman, Annette Reed,David Barnes, David Spafford, Frank Chance, Michael Meister, Paul Goldin, Renata Holod, Paul Rozin, among several others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"35643", path:"/courses/35643", description:"A workshop course in the writing of verse, with seminar and individual discussion of student work. There will be reading of traditional and contemporary poetry and analysis of the formal elements of verse.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SITAR II", number:"null", id:"36487", path:"/courses/36487", description:"This is a continuation of an intermediate performance course in the North Indian sitar. It is open to students by permission of the instructor. Students who play other instruments and have had at least a beginning level of training in Hindustani music may also join, with the permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW PRODUCT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"38952", path:"/courses/38952", description:"Examination of the marketing aspects of products or services exclusive of their promotion, pricing or distribution. Focuses on decisions regarding product introduction, positioning, improvements, and deletion, and the tools available for making these decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR SPOKEN CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42498", path:"/courses/42498", description:"A continuation of CHIN001, This course is to help students develop their listening and speaking skills. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods, asking for directions. To achieve this goal, the class is to be conducted in Chinese as much as possible. Chinese characters will also be introduced, but will not be the focus of the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MEDICAL CHINESE", number:"null", id:"36896", path:"/courses/36896", description:"Advanced Medical Chinese is a content-based course with curriculum adapted from the online course of New York University School of Medicine (NYUsom). It offers Mandarin training to medical/nursing students and other health professionals who may need to visit China or to serve limited English proficient Chinese-speaking patients. For physician/nurse-patients communication purposes, it is designed for students who have studied Chinese for three years or more in a regular college program or with the equivalent language proficiency and have studied medicine.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOVE&LOSS:JPNS LIT TRAD", number:"null", id:"41221", path:"/courses/41221", description:"How do people make sense of the multiple experiences that the simple words 'love' and 'loss' imply? How do they express their thoughts and feelings to one another? In this course, we will explore some means Japanese culture has found to grapple with these events and sensations. We will also see how these culturally sanctioned frameworks have shaped the ways Japanese view love and loss. Our materials will sample the literary tradition of Japan from earliest times to the early modern and even modern periods. Close readings of a diverse group of texts, including poetry, narrative, theater, and the related arts of calligraphy, painting, and music will structure our inquiry. The class will take an expedition to nearby Woodlands Cemetery to experience poetry in nature. By the end of the course, you should be able to appreciate texts that differ slightly in their value systems, linguistic expressions, and aesthetic sensibilities from those that you may already know. Among the available project work that you may select, if you have basic Japanese, is learning to read a literary manga. All shared class material is in English translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG IN NATIVE AMERICA", number:"null", id:"44440", path:"/courses/44440", description:"This course is an introduction to linguistic perspectives on the languages native to the Americas (their nature and distribution, typological similarities and differences), with an emphasis on North America. The diverse languages of this region will be examined from the point of view of particular linguistic phenomena, such as phonology, morphology, and syntax; and in addition we will study their historical development and their place in culture, society, and thought.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR DEVELOP PSYCH: PSYCH OF IMAGINATION", number:"null", id:"42058", path:"/courses/42058", description:"PSYC 480-301 (Brannon): The field of educational neuroscience is an emerging field with the goal of joining knowledge gained from the disciplines of neuroscience, cognitive science, developmental psychology,and education. This interdisciplinary course will focus on how scientific exploration of the mind and brain can inform educational practices. PSYC 480-302 (Connolly): This advanced discussion-based seminar will focus on approaches to success in domains of modern life such as social living and academia. The first portion of this seminar will be a psychology book club where we read various books written by psychology researchers. This will contribute to an ongoing discussion about scientific communication, and the presentation of psychological research to various audiences. From there, students will focus on a specific area of interest, and write a literature review based on contemporary empirical research critiquing their given topic. Students must understand the workload for this seminar requires intensive reading culminating in a large written assignment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMER VERNACULAR ARCHITEC", number:"null", id:"35949", path:"/courses/35949", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS AN IMAGE?", number:"null", id:"42235", path:"/courses/42235", description:"The course explores various concepts of images. It considers natural images (as in optics), images as artifacts, virtual images, images as representations, and works of art as images. Themes to include: the image controversy in cognitive science, which asks whether some cognitive representations are irreducibly imagistic; the question of whether some images resemble what they represent; the development of the concept of the virtual image and of three-dimensional images; the notions of pictorial representation and non-representational images in art. Readings from C. S. Peirce, Nelson Goodman, Robert Hopkins, Dominic Lopes, W. J. T. Mitchell, John Kulvicki, and Mark Rollins, among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISE & FALL OF RUSS EMP", number:"null", id:"38724", path:"/courses/38724", description:"How and why did Russia become the center of the world's largest empire, a single state encompassing eleven time zones and over a hundred ethnic groups? To answer this question, we will explore the rise of a distinct political culture beginning in medieval Muscovy, its transformation under the impact of a prolonged encounter with European civilization, and the various attempts to re-form Russia from above and below prior to the Revolution of 1917. Main themes include the facade vs. the reality of central authority, the intersection of foreign and domestic issues, the development of a radical intelligentsia, and the tension between empire and nation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE IV", number:"null", id:"35995", path:"/courses/35995", description:"Textbooks: Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (L.1l-L.15, and selected video materials. Kanji: reproduction-approx.550/recognitio-approx.700", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics - Consumer Neuroscience", number:"null", id:"38956", path:"/courses/38956", description:"Basic neuroscience made steady progress throughout the 20th century with only small areas of application outside of medicine. Over the past 30 years, however, breakthroughs in measurement and computation have accelerated basic research and created major applications for business and technology. Currently, applications to marketing research and product development are experiencing explosive growth that has been met with both excitement and skepticism. This mini-course provides an overview of these developments. The course follows a straightforward theory/application format for each major area of cognitive neuroscience. On Tuesdays, the basics of neuroscience are covered along with a few illustrative applications. A key take-away from this part of the course is to gain the elementary scientific knowledge that is necessary to separate 'neuro-reality' from 'neuro-hype.' On Thursdays, we cover application areas in greater detail. There are two general types of applications. First, there are applications of neuroscience in marketing research. Topics will range from well-known and widely used applications, such as eye-tracking measures in the lab and the field, to emerging methods and measures, such as mobile EEG, face reading algorithms, and fMRI predictors of market response.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDRSTNDNG GLOBALIZATION", number:"null", id:"36721", path:"/courses/36721", description:"This course will offer a critical introduction to contemporary debates over globalization. From transnational economic integration to border-crossing cultural trends and imbrications, complicated cultural, economic, and political forces have challenged how we traditionally approach the study of culture, region, rights, nation, economy, and the social. During this course, we will trace the contemporary history of globalization, read ethnographic and empirical studies of its localized impacts, study the causes of transnational processes, attend to emerging political and market trends, and engage with activist critiques of globalization. We will draw from anthropological studies, journalism, film and popular culture, and public policy and business texts. Themes to be covered include: the causes of globalization; the remaking of nation-states; non-state and transnational actors and organizations; international political economy; global market forces; time-space transformations; the 'local' versus the 'global'; the role of mediating technologies; cultural hybridity versus nativism; representations of globalization in literature and film; globalization's discontents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"I SHOP THEREFORE I AM:  WRITING THROUGH CONSUMERISM AND FASHION", number:"null", id:"42677", path:"/courses/42677", description:"A creative writing workshop committed to experimentation. The workshop will be structured around writing experiments, collaborations, intensive readings, and new and innovative approaches to composition and form.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FICTION WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"42678", path:"/courses/42678", description:"This course emphasizes the study and practice of basic techniques of short fiction, with assignments divided between readings and discussion of student-written material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG HIN/URD FOR GRADS", number:"null", id:"35907", path:"/courses/35907", description:"Beginning in the fall semester of 2014 Beginning Hindi and Beginning Urdu will be merged into a single course, Beginning Hindi-Urdu. At the beginning level spoken Urdu and Hindi are identical except for a few minor points. The broad outline of the course will thus remain the same as that of the current Beginning Hindi and Urdu courses. Students will learn to communicate with the language in a variety of everyday culturally authentic situations. Additional Urdu and Hindi culture will be integrated through authentic materials such as Bollywood film and music clips, and simple written texts. There will be equal emphasis on both scripts and cultures, and parallel written materials will be provided in both scripts. Students will be expected to develop first-year proficiency in one script of their choice, and will be encouraged to learn both. By merging the two courses students will be exposed to a broader range of linguistic and cultural styles, and students will thus have the opportunity to develop a deeper understanding that more closely resembles that of Hindi and Urdu native speakers. Please direct further inquiries to Josh Pien at jpien@sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"READING SEM H&SS", number:"null", id:"38776", path:"/courses/38776", description:"Survey of major themes and figures in the history of western science, technology, and medicine since the Renaissance, through reading and discussion of selected primary and secondary sources. Topics include: Kepler, Galileo, Bacon, Newtonainism, Pasteur, the Industrial Revolution, the rise of German science, etc. Concurrent attendance at STSC 1 lectures is recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOS, POLITICS & ECON: THINKING WITH MODELS", number:"null", id:"43368", path:"/courses/43368", description:"This is an integrative senior seminar (open to others by departmental permission).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPECTVS IN FRENCH LIT", number:"null", id:"40034", path:"/courses/40034", description:"This basic course in literature provides an overview of French literature and acquaints students with major literary trends through the study of representative works from each period. Students are expected to take an active part in class discussion in French. French 231 has as its theme the presentation of love and passion in French literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN CINE: THIRD MAN & ESPIONAGE", number:"null", id:"38025", path:"/courses/38025", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cinema Studies, the study of the history, theory, and production of film. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR TO SPATIAL ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"35717", path:"/courses/35717", description:"The course is designed to introduce students to modern statistical methods for analyzing spatial data. These methods include nearest-neighbor analyses of spatial point patterns, variogram and kriging analyses of continuous spatial data, and autoregression analyses of area data. The underlying statistical theory of each method is developed and illustrated in terms of selected GIS applications. Students are also given some experience with ARCMAP, JMPIN, and MATLAB software.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SELECTED TOPICS IN MED: INFECTIOUS DISEASES", number:"null", id:"38191", path:"/courses/38191", description:"This course will examine the interactions between human beings, their organs and cells, and various infectious agents such as bacteria, viruses, fungi and parasites. The biological, societal and historical factors influencing these interactions will be analyzed and emerging infectious diseases will be particularly studied. Important infectious pathogenic agents will be surveyed in terms of their physiological functions, properties that permit them to be pathogens, pathogenesis of infections, clinical pictures of the disease states, therapeutic agents, and methods of prevention of infection. Each student will choose an infectious disease, and make an oral and written presentation on it and in this way will learn how to keep up with the topic of infectious diseases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVAN FRENCH TRANSLATION", number:"null", id:"42856", path:"/courses/42856", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory and practice of translation and is designed to help foster a critical understanding of differences between French and English syntactical and lexical patterns. It will introduce students to theoretical concepts and problems of translation, with the ultimate goal being to improve their ability to communicate in more authentic-sounding French. Students will have the opportunity to practice translation individually and to work with their peers on a variety of projects (advertising, journalistic and literary texts, movie and broadcast news subtitling) and to engage in critique and discussion of others' translations. This course will help students refine their language skills and navigate more proficiently between these cultures and language systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCH OF ASIAN AMERICANS", number:"null", id:"35333", path:"/courses/35333", description:"Using a cultural perspective, this course is intended to provide knowledge of Asian American personality, identity, and its relationship to mental well being; analyze psycho-social research pertinent to Asian Americans; and develop critical thinking skills on Asian American issues through experential learning/discussions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMICS OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"37030", path:"/courses/37030", description:"This course will use economic tools to explore decision making and allocation of resources within the family. The course will use both economic theory and econometric evidence to investigate these issues. The impact of gender roles and differences will be examined and the effect of these differences on economic decisions and outcomes both within and outside the family will be discussed. 

Student participation will be an integral part of the course. During class, students will be required to evaluate data and relate it to the theoretic model covered. Student participation will also include two in-class oral presentations. Students will be working with CWiC (Communication Within the Curriculum) as they work on these presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP IN THE COMPLEX HEALTHCARE SYSTEM", number:"null", id:"39054", path:"/courses/39054", description:"This two-part course provides the didactic and clinical experiences in increasingly complex nursing care situations and environments which facilitate the students' transition to independent practice. In the lecture component, the focus is on the integration of knowledge and skill for nursing practice and develops the ability of students to see nursing practice as part of a complex system. It examines systems thinking and complexity, development of a leadership role and skills, inter-professional communication and teamwork, and leading change in healthcare organizations. This course also examines the nurse's role in improvement science and patient care delivery, focusing on quality improvement processes, patient safety, nurse sensitive process and outcome metrics with micro-systems. This course also allows students to develop the capacity for clinical expertise, leadership, and for translating the science of the profession into practice. Students also are assigned to a seminar component that is correlated with their selected site for the specialty clinical practicum. This aspect of the course allows the student to develop additional expertise in a specialty area of practice and to develop competences specific to that population of patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJOR SEM AMER POST-1800: AMERICA IN THE 1960S", number:"null", id:"40130", path:"/courses/40130", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PATTERNS IN LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"38857", path:"/courses/38857", description:"This course investigates the kinds of patterns found in the structure of the world s languages. Lectures introduce linguistic typology, and the ways in which typological study and functional and formal theories of language inform one another. Core issues include apparent limits on structural variation, linguistic universals, and implicational hierarchies. In addition to lectures, students examine grammars of unfamiliar languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUGS, BRAIN, AND MIND", number:"null", id:"42419", path:"/courses/42419", description:"The course will begin with a review of basic concepts in pharmacology including: routes of drug administration, drug metabolism, the dose response curve, tolerance and sensitization. Following a brief overview of cellular foundations of neuropharmacology (neuronal biology, synaptic and receptor function), the course will focus on several neurotransmitter systems and the molecular and behavioral mechanisms mediating the mind-altering, additive and neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression, schizophrenia and anxiety with an emphasis on their underlying neurobiological causes, as well as the pharmacological approaches for treatment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED LAB", number:"null", id:"39190", path:"/courses/39190", description:"Directed experiments in classical and modern physics designed to acquaint the student with modern laboratory instrumentation and techniques.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STUDY-ORGAN EFFECT: Collaborative Innovation Program", number:"null", id:"37544", path:"/courses/37544", description:"Business success is increasingly driven by a firm's ability to create and capture value through innovation. Thus, the processes used by firms to develop innovations, the choices they make regarding how to commercialize their innovations, the changes they make to their business models to adapt to the dynamic environment, and the strategies they use to position and build a dominate competitive position are important issues facing firms. In MGMT. 892, you will learn to address these issues through an action learning approach. MGMT. 892 is a 1.0-credit course conducted in the spirit of an independent study. By working on consulting projects for leading global companies, you will develop and then apply your knowledge about innovation management and help these firms better understand the challenges and opportunities posed by emerging technologies and markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGY & PUBLIC POLICY", number:"null", id:"39608", path:"/courses/39608", description:"This course will examine the scientific basis of public policy decision making in areas of human health, the environment, energy, and agriculture. A general understanding of the science involved in these areas - predominantly genetics, cell biology, physiology, and ecology - will be applied to topics such as drug and herbicide resistance, endangered species, regulation of biotechnology, microbial sources of energy, control of toxic substances, and the war against cancer. No formal background in biology or policy is required. The course should be particularly useful for non-science students who would like to gain insight into areas of biology of importance to public decision making and to students of public policy who would like a better background on biological issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDIA CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"39687", path:"/courses/39687", description:"This course will help students improve their language skills, and enlarge vocabulary through reading newspapers published in China in the target language. The students will learn formal and high-level vocabulary and enhance their grammatical accuracy. The class will be conducted in Chinese, and students will be encouraged to speak Chinese in class using the acquired vocabulary and grammatical patterns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUMERICAL METHODS IN ECO", number:"null", id:"36803", path:"/courses/36803", description:"The objective of this course is to introduce graduate students to computational approaches for solving economic models. We will formulate economic problems in computationally tractable form and use techniques from numerical analysis to solve them. Examples of computational techniques in the current economics literature as well as discuss areas where these techniques may be useful in future research will be disclosed. We will pay particular attention to methods for solving dynamic optimization problems and computing equilibria of games. The substantive applications will cover a wide range of problems including industrial organization, game theory, macroecomics, finance, and econometrics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET & WEB SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38325", path:"/courses/38325", description:"This course focuses on the challenges encountered in building Internet and web systems: scalability, interoperability (of data and code), security and fault tolerance, consistency models, and location of resources, services, and data. We will examine how XML standards enable information exchange; how web services support cross-platform interoperability (and what their limitations are); how to build high-performance application servers; how 'cloud computing' services work; how to perform Akamai-like content distribution; and how to provide transaction support in distributed environments. We will study techniques for locating machines, resources, and data (including directory systems, information retrieval indexing, ranking, and web search); and we will investigate how different architectures support scalability (and the issues they face). We will also examine ideas that have been proposed for tomorrow's Web, and we will see some of the challenges, research directions, and potential pitfalls. An important goal of the course is not simply to discuss issues and solutions, but to provide hands-on experience with a substantial implementation project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35465", path:"/courses/35465", description:"This course is the second half of a one-year course for business oriented subjects. This course will provide an overview of China's changing macro-environment, while real business cases let us look into individual Chinese companies and their development in the new millennium. By the end of the semester, students are expected to 1) enhance the cultural awareness of contemporary China and the Chinese business world; 2) gain vocabulary and fluency in Chinese to function more confidently and comfortably in real business settings; 3) access business news and information in Chinese; 4) give business presentation in Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIETY & POLIT IN INDIA", number:"null", id:"44836", path:"/courses/44836", description:"This course examines the experience of representative democracy in India and the country's development record in a historical framework. It will ask questions such as: How did representative democracy emerge in India, and what explains its persistence? What are the sources of its vulnerability? What kind of a sense of nationhood does this democratic experience rest upon? What are the exclusions built into this conception of nationhood? What is the relationship between India's development experience and its democratic experiment? How have India's 'traditional' institutions adapted or failed to adapt to modern circumstances? Why has India performed well in certain economic sectors even while its record in providing basic social services has been dismal? How have the Indian State and its public institutions managed and coped with these changes? And how has India's self-perception about its place in the world changed in recent years, and what are its implicatons?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMIC MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41763", path:"/courses/41763", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, the goal of this course is to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The course will focus on issues such as the selection of which businesses and segments to compete in, how to allocate resources across businesses, segments, and elements of the marketing mix, as well as other significant strategic issues facing today's managers in a dynamic competitive environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ISSUES IN MIDWIFERY", number:"null", id:"40467", path:"/courses/40467", description:"In-depth discussion of current issues facing the profession of nurse-midwifery which impact on professional education, certification, and practice. Includes ethical, legal, and political aspects of nurse-midwifery practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREP THROUGH ACQUIS.: ENTREPRENEURSHIP THROUGH ACQUISITIONS", number:"null", id:"44532", path:"/courses/44532", description:"MGMT 811 focuses on the theoretical, strategic, analytics, and practical issues of acquiring a business. Topics include: locating a business, due diligence, reviewing and analyzing data, valuation, raising capital/financing the deal, structuring the acquisition, letters of intent, contracts/asset purchase agreements, and integrating the target.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAMES AND SIGNALS", number:"null", id:"37447", path:"/courses/37447", description:"Game Theory has provided a new way of looking at linguistic meaning, particularly pragmatics (the use of language). This course will survey the use of Game Theory in linguistics as well as develop the techniques for studying signaling behavior. We will look at the formal foundations of signaling with particular attention paid to games of incomplete information (games where even which game is being played is uncertain). This will allow us to extend pragmatics beyond Gricean conversational maxims to areas like deception and polite signaling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"35953", path:"/courses/35953", description:"This course focuses on health and healing in the colonial and post-colonial world. We give special attention to local healing under condition of domination, to definitions of the body and the person in biomedicine and in non-European healing traditions, and to th epolitical and cultural place of medicine in regions which have experienced colonial rule.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS", number:"null", id:"44696", path:"/courses/44696", description:"This one semester survey course provides an overview of quantitative clinical research design and methods. Ethical and legal considerations in human subjects research, access to patient populations, sampling designs and power analysis, experimental and non-experimental designs, measurement of variables, data collection techniques, and data management are included. This course is intended for doctoral students in the health sciences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASS SOC THEORY", number:"null", id:"40688", path:"/courses/40688", description:"This course will cover the founding classics of the sociological tradition including works of Tocqueville, Marx and Engels, Weber, Durkheim, Mauss, Simmel,and G.H.Mead. We will also examine how the major traditions have continued and transformed into theories of conflict, domination, resistance and social change; social solidarity, ritual and symbolism; symbolic interactionist and phenomenological theory of discourse, self and mind. This course satisfies the theory requirement for sociology majors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLAYWRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"43568", path:"/courses/43568", description:"This course is designed as a hands-on workshop in the art and craft of dramatic writing. It involves the study of new plays, the systematic exploration of such elements as storymaking, plot, structure, theme, character, dialogue, setting, etc.; and most importantly, the development of students' own short plays through a series of written assignments and in-class exercises. Since a great deal of this work takes place in class - through lectures, discussions, spontaneous writing exercises, and the reading of student work - weekly attendance and active participation is crucial. At the end of the semester, students' plays are read in a staged reading environment by professional actors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING NEGOTIATION", number:"null", id:"41238", path:"/courses/41238", description:"The goal of this course is to teach students of engineering and applied science to be effective negotiators. It aims to improve the way these students communicate i virtually any human interaction. The course intends to improve the ability of engineers and other technology disciplines to gain more support more quickly for projects, researc product and services development, and marketing. For those wanting to be entrepreneurs o r intrapreneurs, the course is designed essentially to find the most value possible in starting up and running companies. Based on Professor Diamond's innovative and renowned model of negotiation, it is intended to assist those for whom technical expertise is not enough to persuade others, internally and externally, to provide resources, promotions and project approvals; or to resolve disputes, solve problems and gain more opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACRO-MODELING", number:"null", id:"38429", path:"/courses/38429", description:"This is an advanced undergraduate course in models of economic growth. Students will be introduced to the workhorse theoretical models that are used to understand growth by modern macroeconomic researchers and policy makers. The types of questions that we will address include: Why are some countries richer than others? Why do some countries grow quickly while others stagnate? Why did modern economic growth start in Western Europe? What can governments do to accelerate economic growth? How does economic growth interact with demographic and geographic factors? We will build theoretical models that can be used to answer these questions. There will be a strong focus on emphasizing the microeconomic foundations of models, and using the language of mathematics to express the underlying assumptions and assess their implications for policy. Hence, there are strict mathematical prerequisites. We will also compare the predictions of our models with the data. Thus, a fair amount of econometrics will be required. A class in statistics and econometrics is highly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"19TH-CENT NOVEL: 19TH-C BRITISH NOVEL", number:"null", id:"42662", path:"/courses/42662", description:"During the nineteenth century the novel became the dominant literary form of its day, supplanting poetry and drama on both sides of the Atlantic. In this introduction to the novelists of the period, we will read the writers who secured the novel's cultural respectability and economic prominence. Likely authors will include Austen, the Brontes, Collins, Dickens, Eliot, Hardy, Hawthorne, Melville, Poe, Thackeray, Scott, and Stowe. The course will explore the themes, techniques, and styles of the nineteeth-century novel. It will focus not only on the large structural and thematic patterns and problems within each novel but also on the act of reading as a historically specific cultural ritual in itself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF AN AUTHOR: INTRO TO SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"35636", path:"/courses/35636", description:"This course introduces students to literary study through the works of a single author--often Shakespeare, but other versions will feature writers like Jane Austen, Geoffrey Chaucer, Herman Melville, and August Wilson (For offerings in a given semester, please see the online course descriptions on the English Department website at www.english.upenn.edu). Readings an individual author across his or her entire career offers students the rare opportunity to examine works from several critical perspectives in a single course. What is the author's relation to his or her time? How do our author's works help us to understand literary history more generally? And how might be understand our author's legacy through performance, tributes, adaptations, or sequels? Exposing students to a range of approaches and assignments, this course is an ideal introduction to literary study for those students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"35449", path:"/courses/35449", description:"Theoretical and experimental aspects of important rate processes in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED MARATHI", number:"null", id:"44914", path:"/courses/44914", description:"Theater and Films, Literature and poetry, Folk Songs, Dance and Music; this one semester course will explore the rich Marathi culture as well as will work on increasing the spoken, listening, reading and written proficiency of the students. News stories from the Marathi print media as well as glimpses from Marathi Television, News as well as Serials and popular comedy shows become the authentic materials in this course. Students learn the linguistic as well as cultural aspect of the variety of material through discussions, presentations in which students acquire and use the language to describe, narrate, express their opinions, evaluate, critique and appreciate these aspects of Marathi urban and rural culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS - MODERNISM: BECKETT, LATE MODERNIST", number:"null", id:"37080", path:"/courses/37080", description:"This course explores an aspect of literary modernism intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. Past offerings have included seminars on the avant-garde, on the politics of modernism, and on its role in shaping poetry, music, and the visual arts. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT JAPANESE CIV", number:"null", id:"35580", path:"/courses/35580", description:"This course surveys the emergence of early Japanese civilization from prehistoric times to the Nara period in the 8th century A.D. Analytical focus will be placed on specific topics, including the significance of population movement, the influence of Chinese civilization, the centralization of political authority, the development of Japanese language and early literacy, and the roles of ancient Japanese religion and mythology. These topics will be examined from archaeological, anthropological, and historical perspectives. The course aims to provide a thorough foundation for further study in Japanese history and culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FACING AMERICA", number:"null", id:"43736", path:"/courses/43736", description:"This course explores the visual history of race in the United States as both self-fashioning and cultural mythology by examining the ways that conceptions of Native American, Latino, and Asian identity, alongside ideas of Blackness and Whiteness, have combined to create the various cultural ideologies of class, gender, and sexuality that remain evident in historical visual and material culture. We also investigate the ways that these creations have subsequently helped to launch new visual entertainments, including museum spectacles, blackface minstrelsy, and early film, from the colonial period through the 1940s.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDTIONS SOC COG NEUROSC", number:"null", id:"40621", path:"/courses/40621", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ESE RSRCH METH", number:"null", id:"42739", path:"/courses/42739", description:"Introduction to the nature and process of engineering research as represented by ongoing ESE faculty (and collaborating colleagues' and industrial partners') research projects. Joint class exercises in how to pursue effective background technical reading, pitch a proposal, and aim for the discovery of new human knowledge to complement the individually mentored topic specific project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE IMPLEMENTATION", number:"null", id:"44529", path:"/courses/44529", description:"This advanced course on entrepreneurship focuses on developing a validated opportunity or concept into a venture that is ready for seed financing and/or launching the product or service. Participants in this course must previously have developed a validated opportunity, either in a previous course or through independent efforts. Students may participate as a team of up to three people. Ideally, participants are commited to pursuing their opportunity commercially, or at least to seriously explore that possibility. The course provides a practical guidance for developing the product or service, forming the entity, raising capital building the team, establishing partnerships, and sourcing professional services. After completing the course, you will be 'pitch ready' - whether submitting to campus venture competitions or to outside investors. Most coursework is focused on applying concepts and frameworks to project tasks in developing the venture. Students must have successfully completed MGMT 801 before enrolling in this course. Students must have successfully completed MGMT801 before enrolling in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH EXP COG PSYCH", number:"null", id:"44852", path:"/courses/44852", description:"Students will work in small groups to develop, empirically test, and report on a research question in the field of cognitive psychology. Through this process,students will learn how to to conduct and report a psychological study, including the appropriate statistical tests. Class discussions will help students craft their projects, and in-class presentations will provide the opportunity to develop and refine presentation skills. Psychology majors only. Class size is limited to 16 students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS OF FLUIDS", number:"null", id:"38241", path:"/courses/38241", description:"Students will understand, evaluate, and apply different equations of state relating pressure, temperature, and volume for both ideal and non-ideal systems. The course will focus on calculating and applying residual properties and departure functions for thermodynamic analysis of non-ideal gases. Students will apply and describe simple models of vapor-liquid equilibrium in multi-component systems (e.g. Raoult's Law, modified Raoult's Law, Henry's Law). Additionally, the class will analyze and describe properties of non-ideal mixtures and their component species. We will also model and predict reaction equilibria (including non-ideal fluid systems), as well as solve problems related to complex phase equilibria of multi-component systems (find equilibrium compositions for non-ideal phases).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LATIN AMERICAN POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40582", path:"/courses/40582", description:"This course examines the dynamics of political and economic change in twentieth century Latin America, with the goal of achieving an understanding of contemporary politics in the region. We will analyze topics such as the incorporation of the region to the international economy and the consolidation of oligarchic states (1880s to 1930s), corporatism, populism, and elict pacts (1930s and 1940s), social revolution, democratic breakdown, and military rule (1960s and 1970s), transitions to democracy and human rights advocacy (1980s), makret-oriented reforms (1990s), and the turn to the left of current governments (2000s). The course will draw primarily from the experiences of Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Chile and Mexico. No prior knowledge of the region is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"37716", path:"/courses/37716", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN AND EAST EUROPEAN FILM FROM THE OCTOBER REVOLUTION TO WORLD WAR II", number:"null", id:"42088", path:"/courses/42088", description:"The purpose of this course is to present the Russian and East European contribution to world cinema in terms of film theory, experimentation with the cinematic language, and social and political reflex. We discuss major themes and issues such as the invention of montage, the means of revolutionary visual propaganda and the cinematic component to the communist cultural revolutions, party ideology, and practices of social-engineering, cinematic response to the emergence of the totalitarian state in Soviet Russia before World War II.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPTIMIZATION OF SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38522", path:"/courses/38522", description:"Model Building and Linear Programming: Graphical Methods and The Simplex Method, the LINDO and LINGO Computer Packages, Degeneracies, Minimization and the BigM and the Two-Phase Methods, and Goal Programming. Sensitivity Analysis: Geometric and Algebraic Approaches, The Computer and Sensitivity Analysis, The Dual of An LP Problem, The Dual Theorem, Shadow Prices, Complementary Slackness, The Dual Simplex Method, and The Revised Simplex Method. Integer Programming: The Branch and Bound Method, Enumeration Methods, and the Cutting Plane Method. Nonlinear Programming: Review of Differential Calculus, Convex and Concave Functions, Solving NLP Problems with One Variable, Uncontraint Nonlinear Optimization with Several Variables, Lagrange Multipliers and Constraint Nonlinear Optimization with Several Variables, The Kuhn-Tucker Conditions and Quadratic Programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"40011", path:"/courses/40011", description:"The focus of this course is on buying (or acquiring controlling stakes in) firms. The main topics to be covered are mergers and friendly acquisitions, hostile takeovers and buyouts. Using case studies, the course surveys the drivers of success in the transactions. While issues regarding motive and strategy will be discussed, financial theory would be the main lens used to view these control acquiring transactions. This will allow students to (1) evaluate transactions through valuation approaches and (2) structure deals employing financial innovation as a response to legal framework and economic frictions. This course should be of interest to students interested in pursuing careers as private equity investors, advisors in investment banking and corporate managers that deal with these issues. This course assumes familiarity with valuation analysis. During the spring semester students are not permitted to take this course pass fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN FOR MANUF", number:"null", id:"38908", path:"/courses/38908", description:"This course is aimed at providing current and future product design/development engineers, manufacturing engineers, and product development managers with an applied understanding of Design for Manufacturability (DFM) concepts and methods. The course content includes materials from multiple disciplines including: engineering design, manufacturing, marketing, finance, project management, and quality systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ETHICS", number:"null", id:"43997", path:"/courses/43997", description:"In this course, students will study the social, political, environmental and economic context of engineering practice. Students will develop an analytical toolkit to identify and address ethical challenges and opportunities in the engineering profession, including studies of risk and safety, professional responsibility, and global perspectives. The course will begin with a foundation in the history of engineering practice and major Western ethical and philosophical theories. Students will then apply this material to both historical case studies, such as Bhopal, the NASA Shuttle Program, and Three Mile Island, as well as contemporary issues in big data, artificial intelligence, and diversity within the profession. Students will consider how engineers, as well as governments, the media, and other stakeholders, address such issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MODERN GREEK I", number:"null", id:"41490", path:"/courses/41490", description:"This course is designed for students with an elementary knowledge of Demotic Modern Greek, and aims mainly at developing oral expression, reading and writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL BANKING", number:"null", id:"38615", path:"/courses/38615", description:"This course focuses on international financial institutions and international banking activities. We will examine how current and historical events are reshaping the industry. We will focus on the basic analytics of managing a bank's exposure to liquidity, credit, market and country risk. In addition, we will consider how to evaluate and compare the risk exposures and performance of individual banks. Throughout the semester we will discuss public policy issues such as international debt crises and regulation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN POLITICAL THOUGHT", number:"null", id:"42019", path:"/courses/42019", description:"This course will provide an overview of major figures and themes of modern political thought. We will focus on themes and questions pertinent to political theory in the modern era, particularly focusing on the relationship of the individual to community, society, and state. Although the emergence of the individual as a central moral, political, and conceptual category arguably began in earlier eras, it is in the seventeenth century that it takes firm hold in defining the state, political institutions, moral thinking, and social relations. The centrality of 'the individual' has created difficulties, even paradoxes, for community and social relations, and political theorists have struggled to reconicle those throughout the modern era. We will consider the political forms that emerged out of those struggles, as well as the changed and distinctly 'modern' conceptualizations of political theory such as freedom, responsibilty, justice, rights and obligations, as central categories for organizing moral and political life.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONS, POL AND MARKETS", number:"null", id:"35367", path:"/courses/35367", description:"This course is designed for students who are interested in pursuing an international career and for those who plan to work for industrial and financial corporations that operate in emerging markets. The course will deal with the economic and political problems of macroeconomic adjustment, corruption, the transition economies, and international financial transactions. All of these topics will be illustrated with in-depth studies of economies in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CHINESE CIVILIZ", number:"null", id:"36995", path:"/courses/36995", description:"Survey of the civilization of China from prehistoric times to 1912.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MNG STRAT PARTNERSHIPS: Managing Strategic Partnerships", number:"null", id:"38932", path:"/courses/38932", description:"This course explores the management of strategic partnerships between firms, which have surged in recent years in response to globalization, technological evolution, deregulation, shortened product life cycles, and intensified competition. Today's alliances drive corporate growth and change, and vary greatly in terms of partner type, commitment, equity investment, degree of control, between scale, and scope. They range from bilateral arrangements to ecosystems to outsourcing, often blurring traditional organizational boundaries and leading to the creation of globally distributed enterprises. In view of these contemporary developments, the objectives of the course are two-fold: (1) to arm you with a set of tools to facilitate the selection of an appropriate alliance strategy in a given situation; and, (2) to provide you with frameworks to help the initiate and implement different kinds of partnerships. The emphasis lies on strategic and organizational aspects in the formation and management of these transactions, rather than financial considerations. Alternative growth strategies to strategic alliances (e.g., acquisitions), the impact of these partnerships on competition within an industry, and regulatory constraints will also be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETS WITH FRICTIONS", number:"null", id:"37036", path:"/courses/37036", description:"This course covers topics of interest in macroeconomics. Two sections are offered: Markets with Frictions. This course studies allocations in markets with frictions, as described by the difficulty in finding a trading partner, private information problems, commitment issues, and so on. Applications to labor markets, monetary economics, the marriage market will be discused. The main technical tool will be search theory, but a liberal amount of calculus and other mathematics will be used. 

Numerical Methods for Macroeconmists. This course will study some of the numerical methods that are used in modern macroeconomics. This class will learn how to solve nonlinear equations, difference equations, interpolate functions, smooth data, and conduct Monte Carlo simulations on the computer. This will be done while studying economic problems, such as the determination of labor supply, economic growth and business cycle analysis. Calculus is an integral part of the course and some elementary probability theory will be drawn upon. The MATLAB programming language will be used.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIG DATA, BIG RESP.", number:"null", id:"44419", path:"/courses/44419", description:"Significant technologies always have unintended consequences, and their effects are never neutral. A World of ubiquitous data, subject toee ver more sophisticated collection, aggregation, and analysiis, creates massive opportunities for both financial gain and social good. It also creates dangers in areas such as privacy, security, discrimination, exploitation, and inquiality, as well as simple hubris about the effectiveness of management by algorithm. Firms that anticipate thte risks of these new practices will be best positioned to avoid missteps. This course introduces students to the legal, policy, and ethical dimensions of big data, predictive analtyics, and related techniques. It then examines responses-both private and gover nmental-that may be employed to address these concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ART OF THE PROFILE", number:"null", id:"44071", path:"/courses/44071", description:"One of the toughest challenges for any journalist is to master the art of the profile-writing. In this new course, students will read and critique some of the classic profile articles of the past 40 years, and, most importantly, write profile articles of their own. Writing about people is often very rewarding, but rarely easy. In this course, students will debate the questions that have plagued and energized journalists for generations: How do you persuade somebody that he or she is a worthy topic for a profile? How do you ask sensitive questions? If the person is a celebrity, how do you avoid being manipulated into writing a 'puff piece'? Do you tape the interviews or just take notes? How do you structure a profile in order to keep the reader's attention? Is it even possible to capture the essence of a person on the written page? Are you a friend to the profile subject--or a manipulator? A journalist at The New Yorker recently said that a writer's relationship with the profile subject is 'a kind of love affair.' On the other hand, a famous author once said that a profile writer is typically 'gaining their trust and betraying without remorse.' Which is closer to the truth?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPSTONE SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"42987", path:"/courses/42987", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"41674", path:"/courses/41674", description:"Students who are interested in math or science might also want to consider a more challenging Honors version of Calculus II and III, Math 116 and Math 260 (the analogues of Math 114 and Math 240, respectively). These courses will cover essentially the same material as 114 and 240, but more in depth and involve discussion of the underlying theory as well as computations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROLE OF WATER IN URBAN SUSTAINABILITY AND RESILIENCY", number:"null", id:"44118", path:"/courses/44118", description:"This course will provide an overview of the cross-disciplinary fields of civil engineering, environmental sciences, urban hydrology, landscape architecture, green building, public outreach and politics. Students will be expected to conduct field investigations, review scientific data and create indicator reports, working with stakeholders and presenting the results at an annual symposium. There is no metaphor like water itself to describe the cumulative effects of our practices, with every upstream action having an impact downstream. In our urban environment, too often we find degraded streams filled with trash, silt, weeds and dilapidated structures. The water may look clean, but is it? We blame others, but the condition of the creeks is directly related to how we manage our water resources and our land. In cities, these resources are often our homes, our streets and our communities. This course will define the current issues of the urban ecosystem and how we move toward managing this system in a sustainable manner. We will gain an understanding of the dynamic, reciprocal relationship between practices in an watershed and its waterfront. Topics discussed include: drinking water quality and protection, green infrastructure, urban impacts of climate change, watershed monitoring, public education, creating strategies and more.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ESSENTIALS OF MOLEC. BIOL. & GENETICS", number:"null", id:"42435", path:"/courses/42435", description:"This course will survey the discipline of molecular genetics. Mendelian and molecular genetics will be discussed as well as the use of genetic analysis to address questions in all areas of biology. The processes of DNA replication, transcription, and translation will be discussed at the molecular level. Other topics include the regulation of gene expression and genomics. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BLDG. HUM ASSETS: Building Human Assets", number:"null", id:"38945", path:"/courses/38945", description:"The success of entrepreneurial endeavors depends, even more so than in larger more bureaucratic organizations, on the ability to locate and manage talent effectively. Specifically, on the need to find the right people and keep them engaged in working on the organization's goals. We focus in this course on leading, building, and maintaining human assets in start-up and small, growing operations. The course is designed with several key components, these are: conceptual and practical readings relevant to the topic; case studies illustratng key concepts and issues; lecture on practical application and examples; and lastly every class will also feature a presentation by and conversation with an outside expert whose work is relevant to guiding or advising start-ups and fast-growing small firms. We will focus on the following objectives: identifying the talent needed to initiate and sustain an entrepreneurial endeavor; structuring human resource policies and corporate culture to prepare for and facilitate firm growth; assessing the human aspects of valuing entrepreneurial companies; and responding to conflict and organizational threats within nascent firms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERS BIOTECH LAB", number:"null", id:"36858", path:"/courses/36858", description:"In this course, students will learn biochemical and genetic engineering laboratory skills including molecular cloning techniques, cell transformation, DNA gel electrophoresis, ImageJ, PCR, DNA sequencing, SDS-PAGE, Western blot and enzyme assays. Cell culture techniques for bacteria, yeast and animal cells will be taught and practiced. The students write several individual lab reports during the semester. A group presentation and report on a proposal for a new lab experiment is the final assignment for the lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"40021", path:"/courses/40021", description:"French 120 is the second semester continuation of the elementary-level sequence designed to develop functional proficiency in the four skills and gain familiarity with French and Francophone culture. The primary emphasis is on the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in French culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included in the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"44021", path:"/courses/44021", description:"In this course we will use the tools of microeconomics to analyze the functioning of the health care system. We will draw from the sub-disciplines of information economics, industrial organization, labor economics, public economics, and behavioral economics. The primary goal is to use these tools to develop a critical analysis of the functioning of the health care system as well as of the policies aimed at improving it. We will learn about US specific institutional details and policies (most notably the Affordable Care Act), and we will compare them to other important international experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOL DATA SCIENCE I", number:"null", id:"44107", path:"/courses/44107", description:"The goal of this course is to equip bioengineering undergraduates with fundamental concepts in applied probability, exploratory data analysis and statistical inference. Students will learn statistical principles in the context of solving biomedical research problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"41163", path:"/courses/41163", description:"The objective of the game design practicum is to provide students with hands on experience designing and developing 3D computer games. Working in teams of three or four, students will brainstorm an original game concept, write a formal game design document then develop a fully functional prototype consisting of a playable level of the game. In addition to creation of original art and animation assets for the game, technical features to be designed and implemented include a nove l game mechanic and/or user interaction model, game physics (i.e. particle systems and rigid body dynamics), character animation, game AI (i.e. movement control, path planning, decision making, etc.), sound effects and effects and background music, 2D graphical user interface (GUI) design and optional multiplayer networking capabilities. Consistent with standard industry practices, game code and logic will be written using C++ and popular scripting languages such as Python and Lua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY LEADERSHIP IN THE AMERICAN SYSTEM OF HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"36274", path:"/courses/36274", description:"This course will explore the philosophy and growth of public policy that has directed the American Health Care System in its ever expanding movement toward universal health care for all citizens. Analysis of health policy and systems content will assist the students to identify the knowledge and skills needed for the health or human service provider to assume leadership roles in the formulation of public policy for change; this includes system restructuring, service delivery and funding of health care. Emphasis will be on the effect of policy on the individual/family user of health care services rather than the effect on professional health care providers or health care delivery systems. Special attention will be given to the effect of policy on populations, both urban and rural, living near and below the poverty level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCT FOR COMPLX FIN STRC", number:"null", id:"40886", path:"/courses/40886", description:"This class studies how complex financial structures account for their activities. Primary emphasis is on the application of purchase accounting for mergers and acquisitions, the equity method for investments, and preparing and interpreting consolidated financial statements. Other topics covered include translations and remeasurements for nondomestic investments, and earnings per share calculations for complex financial structures. Tax considerations and acquisition strategies are of only peripheral interest in this class, and students who are concerned primarily with those topics are advised to seek a different elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"44742", path:"/courses/44742", description:"Philosophers ask difficult questions about the most basic issues in human life. Does God exist? What can we know about the world? What does it mean to have a mind? How should I treat non-human animals? Do I have free will? This course is an introduction to some of these questions and to the methods philosophers have developed for thinking clearly about them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHIL OF SOCIAL SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"39156", path:"/courses/39156", description:"This course is about the foundations of contemporary social science. It focuses on the nature of social systems, the similarities and differences between social and natural sciences, the construction, analysis, and confirmation of social theories, and the nature of social explanations. Specific topics may include: What are social norms and conventions? What does it mean to have one gender rather than another, or one sexual orientation rather than another? Should social systems be studied quantitatively or qualitatively?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE: ADVANCED PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT AND CLINICAL DECISION MAKING", number:"null", id:"45238", path:"/courses/45238", description:"This is a laboratory/clinical course designed to help prospective nurse practitioners develop advanced clinical assessment skills. Provider-patient interaction, data collection, and hypothesis formulation are emphasized. All participants engage in actual practice with fellow students, and/or models, and consenting patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"38869", path:"/courses/38869", description:"Introduction to concepts and methods of calculus for students with little or no previous calculus experience. Polynomial and elementary transcendental functions and their applications, derivatives, extremum problems, curve-sketching, approximations; integrals and the fundamental theorem of calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Marketing Strategy", number:"null", id:"40350", path:"/courses/40350", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"A VIRUS IN THE CULTURE: SOCIAL CRITIQUE IN MEDIA ARTS", number:"null", id:"39953", path:"/courses/39953", description:"In order to change the world, we must first learn how to infect it. A Virus in the Culture is a studio class that examines and generates various forms of media resistance to dominant hegemonic systems of power and control. Using filmmaking, publication design and interactive media we'll think through and develop responses to some of the most pressing issues facing us today. We'll look at historical models from the agitprop design work of Gee Vaucher for Anarcho-punk band Crass to Chris Marker's film Le Fond de L'Air Est Rouge, a radical analysis of global social and political turmoil in the late 60s and early 70s. We'll also look at experimental contemporary design firms like Metahaven who question the role of designers and filmmakers today - Bypassing the power dynamics of clients and briefs they took it upon themselves to create a graphic identity for WikiLeaks. Each example broadens the definition and possibilities of practice to create a more porous engagement with audiences and users while informing the practice of social critique today. Considering a diverse range of topics from education policy, to the rights of environmental refugees, we'll use the class to workshop a singular comprehensive project that targets researches and responds to a specific contested position. The outcome of which will be a class produced short film,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MUSICAL LIFE IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"43178", path:"/courses/43178", description:"This course surveys American musical life from the colonial period to the present. Beginning with the music of Native Americans, the European legacy, and the African Diaspora, the course treats the singular social and political milieu that forged the profile of America's musical landscape. Attention will be given to the establishment of the culture industry and to various activities such as sacred music, parlor music, concert and theater music, the cultivation of oral traditions, the appearance of jazz, the trajectory of western art music in the United States, and the eventual global dominance of American popular music. Music 070 prerequisite. Preference given to music Majors and Minors. Fulfills the Cultural Diversity in the U.S. College Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS BUSINESS MGMT", number:"null", id:"40209", path:"/courses/40209", description:"This course examines various business disciplines as they apply to the sports industry. The course provides the student with an overview of the business of the intercollegiate, Olympic and professional sports enterprises. In addition, the course investigates the business related issues encountered by managers of sports organizations and covers how business principles can be applied to effectively address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BAROQUE OPERA: FROM MONTEVERDI TO GLUCK: THE TWO ORFEI.", number:"null", id:"43182", path:"/courses/43182", description:"This course offers an in-depth look at topics and repertoires of the 'earlier' periods, namely one (or more) of three historical epochs: Medieval, Renaissance, or Baroque. The purpose of this course is to give students the oppotunity to engage deeply with musical works historically, analytically, and contextually, in addition to introducing a range of methodologies within the historical study of Music. (Formerly Music 120, 121,122).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEUROENDOCRINOLOGY SEM", number:"null", id:"43801", path:"/courses/43801", description:"This course is an upper-level seminar, designed to examine the various roles played by the nervous and endocrine systems in controlling both physiological processes and behavior. We will focus on sexual and parental behaviors, stress, metabolism, neuroendocrine-immune interactions, and mental health. The format will be a mixture of lectures and journal club discussions based on recent primary literature in the field of neuroendocrinology. Students will also write several short papers based on the clinical neuroendocrinology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"40068", path:"/courses/40068", description:"This course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competence, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules and prepares students well for GRMN 104 and a minor or major in German.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETS,MORALITY&CAPITAL", number:"null", id:"36022", path:"/courses/36022", description:"Markets play a central role in the life of a capitalist democracy. But is this a good thing? Should we let markets decide who is rich and who is poor? Who makes decisions and who follows them? Whose ideas get heard and whose ideas do not? The goal of this class will be to examine the market from the perspective of various social values to see whether we should want a market system and, if so, what kind of market system we should want. Among the issues we will examine are the following. Does the market contribute to the common good? If so, how? Does the market conflict with the idea that all human beings are of equal value? What is the relation between the market and freedom? Does the market liberate us or oppress us? Can we reconcile the market with our democratic ideals? What role should corporations play in a healthy democracy? What role should markets play in an increasingly globalized world? We will read several important philosophers, economists and political theorists writing on these issues, including Adam Smith, John Rawls, Amartya Sen, Friedrich Hayek, Karl Marx, Robert Nozick, Jurgen Habermas, and others. Grades will be based on three papers and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORIES GENDR/SEXUALITY: Bodies, Art and Performance: Penn in London", number:"null", id:"45147", path:"/courses/45147", description:"What makes men and women different? What is the nature of desire? This course introduces students to a long history of speculation about the meaning and nature of gender and sexuality -- a history fundamental to literary representation and the business of making meaning. We will consider theories from Aristophanes speech in Platos Symposium to recent feminist and queer theory. Authors treated might include: Plato, Shakespeare, J. S. Mill, Mary Wollstonecraft, Sigmund Freud, Virginia Woolf, Simone de Beauvoir, Adrienne Rich, Audre Lorde, Michel Foucault, Gayle Rubin, Catherine MacKinnon, Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, Judith Butler, bell hooks, Leo Bersani, Gloria Anzaldua, David Halperin, Cherrie Moraga, Donna Haraway, Gayatri Spivak, Diana Fuss, Rosemary Hennesy, Chandra Tadpole Mohanty, and Susan Stryker.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN-ACCEL", number:"null", id:"41608", path:"/courses/41608", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the elementary year for students who have never studied Italian before but have already fulfilled the language requirement in another modern language, preferably a romance language. Students who have fulfilled the language requirement in a language other than a romance language will be considered on an individual basis. All students must have departmental permission to register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC POLICY PROCESS", number:"null", id:"39193", path:"/courses/39193", description:"This course integrates economic, ethical and political perspectives. It examines competing theories, models, and analytical frameworks for understanding policymaking. The course will focus on: 1. How public problems are framed and described; 2. What crieteria are useful in developing and assessing policy choices; and 3. How policy choices and outcomes are mediated and influenced by individuals, organizations and political institutions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: ITALIAN CULTURE: Love in Italian Literature", number:"null", id:"37385", path:"/courses/37385", description:"Topics vary. Please check the department's website for course description: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENVS: LAW, ENVIRONMENT, IDENT", number:"null", id:"38032", path:"/courses/38032", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC REACTION MECHANISMS", number:"null", id:"41091", path:"/courses/41091", description:"Study of important types of reactions and functional groups, with emphasis on synthetic usefulness, mechanisms, and stereoelectronic principles.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF ETHICAL THEORY", number:"null", id:"43339", path:"/courses/43339", description:"This course is an investigation of the main questions and problems in metaethics since the turn of the 20th century. We will investigate questions about the metaphysics of morality, the philosophy of language of moral talk, the philosophy of mind of moral thought, the epistemology of morality, and the objectivity of morality.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEMOCRACY IN LATIN AMER", number:"null", id:"43395", path:"/courses/43395", description:"Since the inception of the twenty first century, Latin America has undergone major economic, social, and political transformations. Many of the neoliberal policies of the last quarter of the twentieth century were reversed or revisited, economic inequality decreased significantly across the region, and anumber of governments turned to the left of the political spectrum, often instituting major public policy and constitutional reforms. How have those changes affected citizenship and democracy in the region? In particular, have citizens' channels for representation and participation changed in the recent past? What has happened to local participatory institutions since the return tothe right in some countries of the region? The course will explore these and related questions. Students will develop their own research projects throughout the semester. While not a requirement, the ability to read Spanish or Portuguese will significantly enhance students' learning experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40305", path:"/courses/40305", description:"The course is designed to meet the needs of the future managers, entrepreneurs, consultants and investors who must analyze and develop business strategies in technology-based industries. The emphasis is on learning conceptual models and frameworks to help navigate the complexity and dynamism in such industries. This is not a course in new product development or in using information technology to improve business processes and offerings. We will take a perspective of both established and emerging firms competing through technological innovations, and study the key strategic drivers of value creation and appropriation in the context of business ecosystems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"E-HEALTH:BUSINESS MODELS: E-Health: Business Models and Impact", number:"null", id:"42913", path:"/courses/42913", description:"This course will introduce students to the main components of Health Information Technology (HIT) and how HIT currently effects, and in the future, may change health care operating models. Although it will not prepare students for primary technology management positions, it will help them understand the role of information technology in the success of the delivery system and other important healthcare processes. It will provide a foundation that will prepare them as managers, investors and consultants to rely upon or manage information technology to accomplish delivery system objectives. The course will give special attention to key health care processes, and topics such as the drive for provider quality and cost improvements, the potential ability to leverage clinical data for care improvement and product development, the growth of new information technologies for consumer directed healthcare and telemedicine, the strategies and economics of individual HIT companies and the role of government. The course relies heavily on industry leaders to share their ideas and experiences with students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN PRESIDENCY & RACE", number:"null", id:"36412", path:"/courses/36412", description:"This seminar is designed to serve as a 'capstone' experience for advanced undergrduates interested in American politics. It exposes students to some of the issues currently being studied and debated by the leading scholars in the field. For each topic we will read works that take competing or opposing positions on an issue; for example we will examine the current controversy over the causes and and consequences of divided government. Students will write a research paper analyzing one of the debates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ZULU I", number:"null", id:"36679", path:"/courses/36679", description:"The elementary Zulu I course can be taken to fulfill a language requirement, or for linguistic preparation to do research on South Africa, Southern Africa/Africa-related topics. The course emphasizes communicative competence to enable the students to acquire linguistic and extra-linguistic skills in Zulu. The content of the course is selected from various everyday life situations to enable the students to communicate in predictable common daily settings. Culture, as it relates to language use, is also part of the course content. 

Students will acquire the speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills at the mid-high novice level, based on the ACTFL scale. The mid-high novice level proficiency skills that the students will acquire constitute threshold capabilities of the second semester range of proficiency to prepare students for Elementary Zulu II course materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COLONIAL LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"40110", path:"/courses/40110", description:"This course provides an introduction to the broad literature on Latin America's rich colonial history. We will begin by tracing some of the early origins of - and points of contact between - the Indian, Iberian, and African men and women who formed the basis of colonial society. As the course progresses, we will explore the variety of ways in which colonial subjects lived, worked, ate, worshipped, and socialized. Lectures and reading assignments will draw upon a variety of sources, including court cases, artistic renderings, city maps and street plans, travel accounts of visits to the regions, and the material, cultural, and intellectual products made possible by the wealth and dynamism of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. The course will conclude with an analysis of the Age of Revolutions, a period of dramatic upheaval that remains at the center of lively scholarly debates. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage the key questions driving these debates, the most important of which, perhaps, is: what is Latin America's colonial legacy?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35790", path:"/courses/35790", description:"This course serves as an introduction to business finance (corporate financial management and investments) for both non-majors and majors preparing for upper-level course work. The primary objective is to provide a framework, concepts, and tools for analyzing financial decisions based on fundamental principles of modern financial theory. The approach is rigorous and analytical. Topics covered include discounted cash flow techniques; corporate capital budgeting and valuation; investment decisions under uncertainty; capital asset pricing; options; and market efficiency. The course will also analyze corporate financial policy, including capital structure, cost of capital, dividend policy, and related issues. Additional topics will differ, according to individual instructors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL MECHANICS II", number:"null", id:"42492", path:"/courses/42492", description:"A continuation of CHEM 521. The course will emphasize the statistical mechanical description of systems in condensed phases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING AND PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"42683", path:"/courses/42683", description:"A creative writing workshop that engages visual, performance, multimedia, installation, and other forms of art and artistic practices. Offerings may include Across Forms: Making Art and Writing, Art Reviewing and Criticism, or other topics and themes. See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41936", path:"/courses/41936", description:"This course will focus on the management of operations at manufacturing and service facilities of domestic corporations and foreign multinational companies. Our emphasis will be on the evolving patterns of operations strategies adopted by firms for producing products, sourcing manufacturing, distributing products, delivering services and managing product design as well as on programs for enhancing quality, productivity and flexibility. The course will focus on the formulationn and execution of such strategies for a collection of firms in the context of the current dynamics of global competition. The course consists of a set of site visits and in-class sessions which include lectures, case discussions and management speakers who will describe their company's current strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICALLY BASED CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"40408", path:"/courses/40408", description:"A contextual approach will be used in studying the concepts in General, Organic and Biological Chemistry that are foundational to an understanding of normal cellular processes. Topics that will be covered include measurements, atomic structure, bonding, chemical reactions, properties of gases and liquids, solutions, equilibrium, acids and bases, pH, buffers, nuclear chemistry, nomenclature and properties of the main organic functional groups, and the structures and function of carbohydrates, proteins and lipids.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDEPENDENT STUDY: Comparing the Nursing Experience in the US and UK: Education and Practice", number:"null", id:"44632", path:"/courses/44632", description:"An opportunity to develop and implement an individual plan of study under faculty guidance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"37230", path:"/courses/37230", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC NURSING", number:"null", id:"43216", path:"/courses/43216", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of infants, children, adolescents and their families. It focuses on the knowledge and skill acquisition needed to care for these patients at particular moments, across the continuum of care, and through transitions in an illness experience. It addresses pediatric nursing phenomena of concern and major final common pathways of pediatric illness from infancy through adolescence using a using a developmental and systems approach. Emphasis is placed on family-centered care through transitions in the illness and recovery phases. The course emphasizes clinical reasoning; family centered strategies for optimizing health and maintaining individuality; promoting optimal developmental, physiological, and psychological functioning; and enhancing strengths within the context of family. Clinical experiences at various children's hospitals and simulation experiences provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SOCIAL CONTRACT", number:"null", id:"44747", path:"/courses/44747", description:"This is a critical survey of the history of western modern political philosophy, beginning from the Early Modern period and concluding with the 19th or 20th Century. Our study typically begins with Hobbes and ends with Mill or Rawls. The organizing theme of our inventigation will be the idea of the Social Contract. We will examine different contract theories as well as criticisms and proposed alternatives to the contract idea, such as utilitarianism. Besides the above, examples of authors we will read are Locke, Rousseau, Hume, Mill and Marx.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHONETICS II", number:"null", id:"43061", path:"/courses/43061", description:"This is a methodology course, which focuses on how to conduct phonetics research using very large speech corpora. Topics include scripting and statistical techniques, automatic phonetic analysis, integration of speech technology in phonetics studies, variation and invariability in large speech corpora, and revisiting classic phonetic and phonological problems from the perspective of corpus phonetics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOC IMP & RESPONSIBILITY", number:"null", id:"38845", path:"/courses/38845", description:"What role can business play in helping to meet global societal needs, whether it involves the environment, improving health, expanding education or eradicating poverty? Is there any responsibility on the part of business to help meet those needs? What are models of successful business engagement in this area? How should success be measured? Are there limits to what businesses can and should do, and what institutional changes will enable businesses and entrepreneurs to better succeed?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO-INORGANIC CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"35451", path:"/courses/35451", description:"The course covers selected topics in bioinorganic chemistry; special emphasis is placed on dioxygen chemistry and electron transfer processes. Course topics include: (i) oxygen uptake and utilization; (ii) diatomic oxygen trans port; (iii) diatomic and monoatomic oxygen incorporation into substrates; (iv) metalloenzyme-catalyzed C-C bond formation; (v) the metallobiochemistry of DNA; (vi) metal-sulfide proteins; (vii) manganese-containing metalloproteins; (viii) Photosystem II: light-driven electron transfer and the biological water-splitting reaction; (ix) biological electron transfer; (x) electron transfer theory; (xi) mechanisms of energy storage and release; and (xii) long-distance electron transfer reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & PRAC OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"41751", path:"/courses/41751", description:"This course is designed for those persons who desire to understand the distinct strategies and practices of family-controlled companies and family wealth creation. It will focus on stakeholder decision making; financial and resource driven options for long-run competitiveness, organizational structures, management team issues; strategic planning from a resource-based perspective; transition planning for the corporate entity, family dynamics, communication issues; and leadership empowerment. The course is intended for those who plan to consult or provide professional services to family-controlled companies and for those planning a career in a family firm. The class is structured around topical lectures with frequent utilization of case studies requiring active class participation, as well as on-site and off-site project work time. Submission of several written case studies, and a term project are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MICHELANGELO ITAL REN: MICHELANGELO AND THE ART OF THE ITALIAN RENAISSANCE", number:"null", id:"43735", path:"/courses/43735", description:"An introduction to the work of the Renaissance artist Michelangelo (1475-1564)-his sculptures, paintings, architecture, poetry, and artistic theory-in relation to his patrons, predecessors, and contemporaries, above all Leonardo and Raphael. Topics include artistic creativity and license, religious devotion, the revival of antiquity, observation of nature, art as problem-solving, the public reception and function of artworks, debates about style, artistic rivalry, and traveling artists. Rather than taking the form of a survey, this course selects works as paradigmatic case studies, and will analyze contemporary attitudes toward art of this period through study of primary sources.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISPERSIVE LENS", number:"null", id:"44177", path:"/courses/44177", description:"This studio course will explore the nexus between photography, sculpture, installation, drawing, painting, and the moving image. The course is informed by the printed image, as students will explore how photography can encourage thinking in other mediums, in addition to how other mediums can influence the making of photography. When does an abstract painting appear more like a photograph? How can a photograph suggest ways to make a video? Can a sculpture exist as a photograph? A variety of assignments will expose students to interdisciplinary approaches addressing these questions and more. Class projects will be supported by regular slide lectures, group critiques, and readings examining modern and contemporary artists and practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PORTUGUESE", number:"null", id:"37787", path:"/courses/37787", description:"This course is designed for students who have already taken basic and intermediate levels of Portuguese. It complements students' knowledge of Portuguese by emphasizing the use of advanced grammatical structures and vocabulary. Classes will focus on practicing such advanced language structures by reading a diverse range of texts, including short stories by different authors of the Lusophone countries, and two novels; speaking and writing about a variety of contemporary texts; watching movies and documentaries; and listening to news, songs and other authentic audio material. The emphasis will be on language usage and culture. This course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Reading Old Spanish: Language in Context", number:"null", id:"37937", path:"/courses/37937", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ONLINE BEG BUS CHIN I", number:"null", id:"45119", path:"/courses/45119", description:"The course is designed for juniors and seniors , and Penn working professionals who have no prior exposure to Chinese, and are interested in learning basic Chinese language and culture for the preparation of a business trip to China. The objective of this course is to build an understanding of foundation of basic Chinese in the business context, with a main focus on speaking and listening and minimal reading. Upon Completion, students are expected to be able to converse and interact with people in a variety of traveling settings and in company visits. Topics in the course units include meeting people, talking about family, introducing companies, making inquiries and appointments, visiting company, introducing products, initiating dining invitations and practicing dining etiquette.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE METHODS I", number:"null", id:"40699", path:"/courses/40699", description:"This course is an introduction to the practice of statistics in social and behavioral sciences. It is open to beginning graduate students and--with the permission of the instructor--advanced undergraduates. Topics covered include the description of social science data, in graphical and non-graphical form; correlation and other forms of association, including cross-tabulation; bivariate regression; an introduction to probability theory; the logic of sampling; the logic of statistical inference and significance tests. There is a lecture twice weekly and a mandatory 'lab.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AT WORK: EMP LAW MGR", number:"null", id:"40210", path:"/courses/40210", description:"This course is based on the principle that knowledge and understanding of employment law facilitate (1) promotion of a workforce with a high degree of commitment to reaching business goals, (2) the development of practical business solutions to problems arising in the workplace, (3) effective human resources policy and procedures that comply with applicable laws. It provides students with an introduction to the law of the workforce and examines the balance between business goals and employment law compliance. The course examines the various employment laws with which businesses must comply and the legal rights and responsibilities of employees and employers. The emphasis is on laws concerning equal employment opportunity with respect to discrimination and harassment because of sex, race, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, age, disability and other characteristics protected by workforce laws; work-related privacy including investigations, electronic communication and social media; employee misclassification; diversity and affirmative action; and the legal and regulatoenvironment regarding immigration, wage and hour, leaves of absence, hiring, termination and afterwards, the non-employee workforce, whistle blower concerns, labor/management relations and collective bargaining.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIV PEOP OF EAS N.AMER", number:"null", id:"37326", path:"/courses/37326", description:"This course surveys Native American life east of the Mississippi River from earliest times to the present. The diverse histories of Native peoples will be examined both on their own terms and as continuing elements of the continent's broader story. Topics to be addressed include 16th- and 17th-century demographic, economic, and social consequences of contact with European peoples, 18th century strategies of resistance and accommodation to colonial powers, 19th-century impacts of U.S. government removal and cultural assimilation policies, and 20th-century cultural and political developments among the region's surviving Native American communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BRAIN & BEHAV", number:"null", id:"45099", path:"/courses/45099", description:"Introduction to the structure and function of the vertebrate nervous system. We begin with the cellular basis of neuronal activities, then discuss the physiological bases of motor control, sensory systems, motivated behaviors, and higher mental processes. This course is intended for students interested in the neurobiology of behavior, ranging from animal behaviors to clinical disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SP FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"39345", path:"/courses/39345", description:"Spanish for the Professions is designed to provide advanced-level language students with a wide-ranging technical vocabulary and the enhancement of solid communicative skills within the cultural context of several developing Latin American countries. Focusing on topics such as politics, economy, society, health, environment, education, science and technology, the class will explore the realities and underlying challenges facing Latin America. Through essays, papers, articles, research, discussions, case studies, and videotapes, we shall take an in-depth look at the dynamics of Latin American societies. The course will focus on--but not be restricted to--Mexico, Cuba and Argentina.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"2ND YR SPOKEN CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36883", path:"/courses/36883", description:"This course is designed for students who have completed one year of college level Chinese classes or equivalent. The main objective of the course is to improve students' conversational ability in Chinese. By the end of the second semester, students will reach the survival level, namely, they can accomplish the basic day to day tasks encountered by visitors as well as the local people. These tasks include relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preference, feeling and opinion, ordering a meal, purchasing goods, asking for directions, making travel plans, visiting a doctor, attending a social function and so forth. Short Chinese movies or television shows will be integrated into the course curriculum. Chinese character will not be taught.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN STUDIES HONORS", number:"null", id:"43594", path:"/courses/43594", description:"Students in the fall Urban Studies Senior Seminar (URBS400) whose papers are exceptional and show promise for publication will be invited to participate in the spring honors seminar. If they choose to participate, honors seminar participants will revise and refine their research/papers with the goal of their work for publication in an academic journal relevant to the topic. The seminar meets periodically during the semester, structured around a set of assignments geared to facilitate the process of revision. Students will be assigned to read each other's work and meetings take the form of a workshop with students reporting on progress and providing feedback to improve and develop each other's papers. In addition to completing the revised paper for a grade, participants in the honors seminar are required to present their work to a wider Urban Studies audience in a special session at the end of the semester and to provide documentation that they have submitted their papers for publication. Students who successfully complete the honors seminar will graduate with distinction in the major, noted on their transcripts and in the graduation materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"40088", path:"/courses/40088", description:"This introductory course takes a policy and politics angle to health care's three persistent issues - access, cost and quality. The roles of patients, physicians, hospitals, insurers, and pharmaceutical companies will be established. The interaction between the government and these different groups will also be covered. Current national health care policy initiatives and the interests of class members will steer the specific topics covered in the course. The course aims to provide skills for critical and analytical thought about the U.S. health care system and the people in it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPS IN CRITICISM & THEOR: ANIMAL STUDIES:  REPRESENTATION, CRITIQUE, ENGAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"39898", path:"/courses/39898", description:"This course covers topics in literary criticism and theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MOD CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"41107", path:"/courses/41107", description:"This is an intermediate language course. It aims to develop students' overall linguistic skills in listening, speaking, reading, and writing Chinese. The specially designed textbook gives introduction to various topics on Chinese culture. Students can expect to gain knowledge about China while they are learning the language. By completion of the course, students are expected to be able to master 1200 most frequently used characters in common reading materials, and to communicate with Chinese on", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED STUDIES I: IDENTITY, INHERITANCE, CHANGE", number:"null", id:"37368", path:"/courses/37368", description:"This course is the first semester of a two-semester sequence for first-year students admitted to the Collge's Integrated Studies Program. Topics will vary from year to year. For a current description, please see http://www.upenn.edu/curf/bfs/in-the-college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE PROB & STAT INF", number:"null", id:"36923", path:"/courses/36923", description:"This course tightly integrates the theory and applications of discrete probability, discrete stochastic processes, and discrete statistical inference in the study of computer science. The course will introduce the Minimum Description Length Paradigm to unite basic ideas about randomness, inference and computation. Students will be expected to use the Maple programming environment in homework exercises which will include numerical and symbolic computations, simulations, and graphical displays.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDATIONS OF ENG MATH II", number:"null", id:"42726", path:"/courses/42726", description:"This is the second course of a two semester sequence, but each course is self contained. Over the two semesters topics are drawn from various branches of applied mathematics that are relevant to engineering and applied science. These include: Linear Algebra and Vector Spaces, Hilbert spaces, Higher-Dimensional Calculus, Vector Analysis, Differential Geometry, Tensor Analysis, Optimization and Variational Calculus, Ordinary and Partial Differential Equations, Initial-Value and Boundary-Value Problems, Green's Functions, Special Functions, Fourier Analysis, Integral Transforms and Numerical Analysis. The spring course emphasizes the study of Vector Analysis: space curves, Frenet-Serret formulae, vector theorems, reciprocal systems, co- and contra-variant components, orthogonal curvilinear systems. Matrix theory: Gauss-Jordan elimination, eigenvalues and eigenvectors, quadratic and canonical forms. Variational calculus: Euler-Lagrange equation. Tensor Analysis: Einstein summation, tensors of arbitrary order, dyads and polyads, outer and inner products, quotient law, metric tensor, Euclidean and Riemannian spaces, physical components , covariant differentiation, detailed evaluation of Christoffel symbols, Ricci's theorem, intrinsic differentiation, generalized acceleration, Geodesics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP - HEDGE FUNDS", number:"null", id:"41425", path:"/courses/41425", description:"This course will cover critical aspects and characteristics of hedge funds and the hedge fund industry. It will look at the legal foundations and structures of hedge funds including the primary regulations in the U.S. and abroad that are most relevant for hedge funds. It will also present the major hedge fund strategies, describe operation, control, administration, due diligence and valuation issues. Performance evaluation and investing in hedge funds from the investor's perspective will be discussed as will be issues of potential changes in regulation, risk management, and the use of leverage.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE, PRODUCTION, AND CONSUMPTION IN THE GLOBAL MARKETPLACE", number:"null", id:"35292", path:"/courses/35292", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining half of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE & ART OF BIOTECH", number:"null", id:"39637", path:"/courses/39637", description:"Biotechnology transforms basic biological research into pharmaceutical therapies. This course will examine some explanations for American biotechnology vitality by studying case histories in which fundamental, biological observations were subsequently developed, successfully and unsuccessfully, for therapeutic applications. Along the way, we will also seek to understand the interactions among academic research institutions, biotechnology companies, large pharmaceutical companies, the Food and Drug Administration, financial institutions, venture groups, and the Patent and Trademark Office. Classes will be highly interactive. Students will present case histories in a critical fashion. Ultimately, students will conduct mock negotiations focused on university technology transfers, clinical trial design, financing, and intellectual property.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"American Life in the Great Depression", number:"null", id:"38763", path:"/courses/38763", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIBERATION & OWNERSHIP", number:"null", id:"42230", path:"/courses/42230", description:"Who is going to own what we all have a part of creating? The history of the Americas, and of all peoples everywhere, is an evolving answer to the question of ownership. Ownership is about: the ties that bind and those that separate; production, participation, and control; the creation of community and the imposition of hierarchies--racial, sexual, and others; dreams of possessing and the burdens of debt and ecological despoliation; dependency and the slave yearning to breathe free. Of all the issues relevant to democracy, oppression, injustice, and inequality, ownership is arguably the most important and least understood. Utilizing a variety of disciplinary perspectives--with a particular emphasis on radical and critical theories of liberation, and by focusing on particular global sites and processes of capitalism, students will assess and refine their views regarding ownership and liberation in light of their own social, political, religious, aesthetic, and ethical commitments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEACHING RESIDENCY: NURSING DOCTORAL TEACHING RESIDENCY: POLOMANO", number:"null", id:"44711", path:"/courses/44711", description:"The purpose of this required one semester teaching residency is to enhance the expertise of students in the role of educator. The residency will be tailored to the student's individual learning needs. At the minimum, students with no or minimal prior teaching experience will gain a beginning level of expertise in course planning, course evaluation, dealing with difficult student situations, test construction, paper assignment construction and grading, content delivery methods, as well as other aspects of the faculty teaching role. Students with more extensive teaching experience will tailor their residences with their residency supervisor to enhance their expertise in these various areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42745", path:"/courses/42745", description:"This course investigates methods of economic analysis for decision making among alternative courses of action in engineering applications. Topics include: cost-driven design economics, break-even analysis, money-time relationships, rates of return, cost estimation, depreciation and taxes, foreign exchange rates, life cycle analysis, benefit-cost ratios, risk analysis, capital financing and allocation, and financial statement analysis. Case studies apply these topics to actual engineering problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"39989", path:"/courses/39989", description:"This course studies the concepts and evidence relevant to the management of investment portfolios. Topics include diversification, asset allocation, portfolio optimization, factor models, the relation between risk and return, trading, passive (e.g., index-fund) and active (e.g., hedge-fund, long-short) strategies, mutual funds, performance evaluation, long-horizon investing and simulation. The course deals very little with individual security valuation and discretionary investing (i.e., 'equity research' or 'stock picking').", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CYBERCULTURE", number:"null", id:"44983", path:"/courses/44983", description:"Computers and the internet have beome critical parts of our lives and culture. In this course, we will explore how people use these new technologies to develop new conceptions of identify, build virtual communities and affect political change. Each week we'll see what we can learn by thinking about the internet in a different way, focusing successively on hackers, virtuality, community, sovreignty, interfaces, algorithms and infrastructure. We'll read books, articles, and blogs about historical and contemporary cultures of computing, from Spacewar players and phone phreaks in the 1970s to Google, Facebook, World of Warcraft, WikiLeaks, and Anonymous today. In addition, we'll explore some of these online communities and projects ourselves and develop our own analyses of them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECOLOGIES OF TRANSLATION: CONSUMPTION, WASTE, & ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"42338", path:"/courses/42338", description:"The Maya Western Highlands of Guatemala are undergoing health changes (trauma, maternal-infant health, diabetes, mental health) through economic development and continued human migration to and from the US. The communities of Santiago Atitlan, Solola, San Jaun Sacatepequez, and Coatepeque have community based infrastructures (public health clinics, private NGOs, and research projects) that work to address these health changes. In this context, the Field Experience in Global Community Health will provide applied academic and professional skills development in data collection, analysis, and reporting. Field work will occur in the summer of each year combined with a campus based skills development experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FETAL EVALUATION", number:"null", id:"43276", path:"/courses/43276", description:"This course focuses on identifying at risk and high risk maternal fetal dyads, developing knowledge relating to assessment of fetal well being, and understanding the implications of obstetric, non obstertric, and fetal complications on the management of the high risk pregnancy. Additionally the course provides an understanding of the scientific basis for new technologies used to evaluate at risk and high risk populations. Information about the physics of ultrasound, pulse echo imaging, and doppler techniques will be provided. Students must be able to practice ultrasound skills while in this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CL PRAC:FAM FOC PC ADULT", number:"null", id:"41892", path:"/courses/41892", description:"The focus of this course is the evaluation and management of primary care problems in middle-aged and older adults. Students will have an opportunity to implement the role of the nurse practitioner in the clinical setting. Interdisciplinary collaborative experiences will be essential to the clinical practicum. The initiation of health promotion and health maintenance activities with individuals, groups and families is stressed. Students are expected to assess and manage common chronic health problems in the clinical setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ENVS: LAW, ENVIRONMENT, IDENT", number:"null", id:"43628", path:"/courses/43628", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN ORAL HISTORIES, VOICE AND STORYTELLING", number:"null", id:"39422", path:"/courses/39422", description:"This course introduces students to the historical study of sound, soundscapes, and sound recordings, aural history composition techniques (especially radio documentaries), and oral history as a documentary practice. Designed as a theory and methods workshop, this course will cover theory, ethics, interview techniques and project design along with recording tutorials, interview opportunities and an introduction to digital audio editing. We explore Oral History's rich past while working to define and expand its future as a dynamic research method. The class will include analysis of audio documentary forms and non-fiction storytelling techniques, 20th and 21st century historical radio documentary work, and archival audio source research. Theoretical readings draw from the fields of Oral History, Media Studies and Urban Studies as well as the fields of Psychoanalysis, Trauma Studies, and Anthropology. This course is well suited for those interested in ethnography, multimedia journalism, social advocacy, and/or narrative nonfiction, as well as documentarians who want to learn new approaches to interviewing and storytelling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Private Equity in Emerging Markets", number:"null", id:"36127", path:"/courses/36127", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a practical understanding of private equity issues focusing on emerging market and frontier country environments. The underlying premise of the course is that private equity in these countries is a distinctly different asset class than in industrialized countries for a number of reasons that will be identified and analyzed by students, such as valuation, corporate governance standards and practices, contract enforcement and regulations, and exit alternatives. Students will assess these differences that heighten the risks for private equity investors in emerging markets and explore how they can be successfully mitigated. The course will be analytically rigorous and require a high level of weekly preparation and class participation. The case method of teaching will predominate, allowing students to gain a realistic understanding of the roles, responsibilities and analytical skills required of practitioners, and the tensions that arise between the various stakeholders, including government officials who formulate regulations and policies that affect PE investor behavior and performance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIME & MOVEMENT: MOVEMENT FOR THE ACTOR", number:"null", id:"44999", path:"/courses/44999", description:"The study of the art of bodily expression throughout history in theory and practice, from Classical and Oriental, African and Latin forms of dance and movement theater to the contemporary dance and theater, including mime, modern dance, post modern dance, physical theater, film, and performance art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROFICIENCY I", number:"null", id:"37396", path:"/courses/37396", description:"This course is for students with an advanced background in Japanese, who are interested in taking at least the Level 2 Japanese Proficiency Test. Solid grammar, an extensive vocabulary, and the knowledge of at least 800-900 Chinese characters is required. This course is not continuous with any existing 300-level Japanese course; therefore, your grade from a 300-level course does not qualify you to take this course. Eligibility will be determined through an interview and placement test taken in the first meeting. All students who take this course are required to take the Japanese Proficiency Test in December. 

Since the JLPT is administered in December every year, if you wish to fully prepare for the test, the instructor strongly recommends that you take JPAN 482 first in the spring of the same year. For example, if you plan to take the test in December, 2010, start taking 482 in the spring 2010 and take 481 in the fall 2010. Different from other courses, this full-year course begins in the spring and ends in the fall, because the test is given in December. However, participation in 482 is optional.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ILIAD IN TIME OF WAR", number:"null", id:"39758", path:"/courses/39758", description:"Homer's Iliad presents a dark and difficult vision of the world, but one that nonetheless inspires. Casual cruelty, divine caprice, and savage violence test heroes and lesser people and provoke a reckoning with the stark realities of both human vulnerability and capability. It inspires a kind of terror, but still also somehow provides a kind of comfort, albeit one whose character seems almost beyond comprehension. By a close and careful reading of Homer's text, along with some reflections and readings drawn from more contemporary wars, including the current ones, we will try to examine these issues with one eye on the past and one on the present. Our goal will be to achieve some further understanding of war and human experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED STUDIES I: DECISIONS AND LEARNING", number:"null", id:"41595", path:"/courses/41595", description:"This course is the first semester of a two-semester sequence for first-year students admitted to the Collge's Integrated Studies Program. Topics will vary from year to year. For a current description, please see http://www.upenn.edu/curf/bfs/in-the-college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPETITIVE STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"37511", path:"/courses/37511", description:"This is an advanced course in competitive strategy. The course will apply the tools of industrial organization economics and game theory to examine the strategic decisions that managers make. We will examine those decisions concerning pricing, capacity investment, advertising, new product introductions, and research and development. Emphasis will be placed on the strategic interaction among rival sellers. In particular we will look at the various methods of entry deterrence and strategic commitment. The course will attempt to integrate traditional economic models with case study materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY A", number:"null", id:"45106", path:"/courses/45106", description:"General principles of biology focusing on the basic chemistry of life, cell biology, molecular biology, and genetics in all types of living organisms. Particular emphasis will be given to links between the fundamental processes covered and current challenges of humankind in the areas of energy, food, and health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"43104", path:"/courses/43104", description:"Three-Dimensional Geometry: Introduction to Reference Frames, Geometry of Rotations of Reference Frames and of Vectors, Euler Angle, Axis-Angle Representations, Properties of Rotation Matrices. Kinematics: Kinematics of Rigid-Body Motion, Rotations, Angular Velocity and Acceleration, Linear Velocity and Acceleration, Applications to Planar Linkage Analysis. Constraints: Configuration Space, Holonomic and Non-holonomic Constraints, Degrees of Freedom, Tests for Holonomic versus Non-holonomic Constraints, Generalized Coordinates, Generalized Speeds, Partial Speeds, Partial Velocities, Principle of Virtual Work for Holonomic and Non-holonomic systems. Constraint Forces: Virtual Work, D'Alembert Equations, Lagrange's Equations for Non-holonomic systems. Distribution of Mass: Center-of-Mass, Vector and Scalar Moments of Inertia. Vector Spaces: Operators, Dyads, Dyadic, Moment-of-Inertia Tensor, Rigid Bodies. Dynamics: Kinetic Energy and Angular Momentum, Lagrangian/Hamiltonian Mechanics and Conservation Laws, Poisson Brackets and Constants of the Motion, Kane-Lagrange Equations with Non-Holonomic Constraints, Kane-Lagrange Equations, Null Spaces and Computing Constraint Forces. Variational Calculus: The Principle of Least Action, A Study of Small Perturbations and Linear Stability Analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDIES MING-QING NOVEL", number:"null", id:"38389", path:"/courses/38389", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING FOR CHILDREN:  BEAUTY AND THE BOOK (AND THE BLOG)", number:"null", id:"35648", path:"/courses/35648", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE", number:"null", id:"42601", path:"/courses/42601", description:"This course explores constitutional criminal procedure or the law of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments to the United States Constitution. Topics included the laws and rules associated with search and seizure, arrest, interrogation, the exclusionary rule, and deprivation of counsel. Social science evidence that supports or raises questions about legal doctrine will be examined. No prerequisites are required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"37702", path:"/courses/37702", description:"This course is the first of two residencies that provide the nurse anesthetist student the opportunity to attain competencies within the Certified Registered Nurse Anesthesia (CRNA) scope of practice. Throughout the residency, the nurse anesthesia resident will utilize appropriate clinical judgment to manage the complex medical, physical and psychosocial needs of clients in the perioperative phases. Further refinement of the patient assessment, anesthesia administration, and critical thinking skills is emphasized. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients throughout the continuum of health care services. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the independence of the CRNA student. Collaborative practice within a care team model is emphasized and the student assumes more overall responsibility for the quality of care for the patients throughout the perioperative experience, with clinical support as required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO AFRICA", number:"null", id:"39486", path:"/courses/39486", description:"During the semester we will focus on people and communities of sub-Saharan Africa and on the ways people represent, reflect on, and react to various aspects and issues in their lives and the institutions which dominate their communities. We will focus particularly on the history, contemporary expression, and inter-relationships among politics, religion, and aesthetic practice. Members of Penn's African Studies community will share their expertise with the class and introduce the University's Africa resources. Texts consist of weekly readings, films, and recordings; and class members will be expected to attend several lectures outside of class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36897", path:"/courses/36897", description:"This course is aimed to enhance students' language skills in a business context and to promote their understanding about business environment and culture in contemporary China. The text is developed from real business cases from real multinational companies that have successfully embarked on the Chinese market. The forms of classes include lectures, drills on vocabulary and sentence patterns, and discussions. Class will be conducted in Chinese. In addition to the course textbook, students will learn to read business news in Chinese selected from Wall Street Journal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETING STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"37552", path:"/courses/37552", description:"This course views marketing as both a general management responsibility and an orientation of an organization that helps one to create, capture and sustain customer value. The focus is on the business unit and its network of channels, customer relationships, and alliances. Specifically, the course attempts to help develop knowledge and skills in the application of advanced marketing frameworks, concepts, and methods for making strategic choices at the business level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WAR AND REPRESENTATION", number:"null", id:"39772", path:"/courses/39772", description:"Representations of war have been created for as many reasons as wars are fought: to legitimate conflict, to celebrate military glory, to critique brutality, to vilify an enemy, to mobilize popular support, to generate national pride, etc. In this course we will ex^amine a series of representations of war drawn from the literature, film, state propaganda, memoirs, visual art, etc. of Russia, Europe and the United States of the twentieth century.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING IN THE COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"45221", path:"/courses/45221", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of both communities as a whole (populations) and of groups, families, and individuals living within particular communities locally and globally. It addresses the complexity of nursing practice using a public health paradigm. It requires students to draw from prior class and clinical knowledge and skills and apply this practice base to communities across care settings, ages, and cultures with different experiences of equity and access to care. It provides the tools needed to engage in collaborative community work and to give voice to the community's strengths, needs, and goals. It also moves students from an individual and family focus to a population focus for health assessment and intervention. Students consider the science, policies, and resources that support public health, and community based and community-oriented care. Clinical and simulated experiences in community settings provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration in community settings. Students will have opportunities to care for patients and populations within selected communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"39346", path:"/courses/39346", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts of the Spanish-speaking world. At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through reading, oral presentations, video viewing, and regular writing assignments. The course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORTS LAW", number:"null", id:"44417", path:"/courses/44417", description:"This course focuses on the areas of association, contract, constitutional, labor, antitrust, and agency law as they apply to the sports industry. This course exposes the student to many of the legal issues facing stakeholders in sport organizations. Special attention is given to the regulation of professional sports leagues promoting competitive balance, as well as antitrust law and labor-management relations dealing with the organization structure of sports leagues. The course also takes an inside look at previous and newly formed collective bargaining agreements and the use of Salary Cap or lack thereof in professional sports leagues. The development of effective communication skills will be emphasized through class presentations, written assignments, and quizzes; leadership and interpersonal communications will be cultivated through small group projects and meetings, and critical thinking and problem solving skills will be fostered through the careful study of case law impacting the sports industry in a variety of facets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"40725", path:"/courses/40725", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SURVEY OF THE UNIVERSE", number:"null", id:"42381", path:"/courses/42381", description:"A general survey, designed for the non-major, of the facts and theories of the astronomical universe, from solar system, to stars, to galaxies and cosmology. Topics include planets, satellites, small objects in the solar system, and extraterrestrial life; stars, their evolution, and their final state as white dwarfs, neutron stars, or black holes; galaxies, quasars, large structures, background radiation, and big bang cosmology. Elementary algebra and geometry will be used. This course is not recommended for physical-science majors or engineering students. Engineering students receive no credit for this course. Fulfills quantitative data analysis requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"39511", path:"/courses/39511", description:"This course explores the history and archaeology of the last 20,000 years from the development of agriculture to the industrial revolution. Why did people across the world abandon foraging for farming? How and why did cities and states develop? Why did societies succeed or fail? How have humans transformed themselves and the natural world, including the landscape and the climate? We will explore the methods that archaeologists use to consider these questions and analyze evidence for social and economic change from the Middle East, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Europe. In addition, students will have a chance to conduct hands-on exercises with artifacts from the Penn Museum and an opportunity to do some experimental archaeology during recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EPISTEMOLOGY: KNOWLEDGE AND REALITY", number:"null", id:"39157", path:"/courses/39157", description:"Two basic assumptions of academic research are that there are truths and we can know them. Epistemology is the study how knowledge, what it is, how it is produced, and how we can have it. Metaphysics, the study of the basic constituents of reality, the study of being as such. In this introduction to metaphysics and epistemology, we will ask hard questions about the nature of reality and knowledge. No philosophy background is required for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HC ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"42914", path:"/courses/42914", description:"The course focuses on the creation, funding, and management of biotechnology and health services enterprises. The course is designed to supplement other offerings in the Health Care Systems and Management Departments for those students with entrepreneurial interest in such ventures, and will focus on special issues surrounding the conceptualization, planning, diligence and capitalization, launch, compensation and management of these ventures. In addition, course offers methods for self-assessment & development of business models and plans, techniques for technology assessment and strategy, develops foundation for capitalization and partnering strategies, and creates a basis for best practices in company launch and plan execution. Students must apply to take this course. Please see the Health Care Management Department for the application.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Gangs & Organized Crime", number:"null", id:"36525", path:"/courses/36525", description:"Upper level advance topics vary from semester to semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEC SYSTEMS & MARKETS", number:"null", id:"38403", path:"/courses/38403", description:"The course discusses the existing electricity system from technical, economic, and policy perspectives. Basic power system engineering will be reviewed early in the course. Generation, transmission, distribution, and end-use technologies and economics will be discussed. Additional topics will include system operation, industry organization, government regulation, the evolution of power markets, environmental policy, and emerging technologies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS II", number:"null", id:"44703", path:"/courses/44703", description:"This online didactic course, designed for the practicing nurse practitioners or clinical nurse specialists seeking to gain knowledge and skills relative to care of adult gerontology acute care patients, focuses on the medical and surgical issues of the neurological, renal, gastrointestinal, hematological, oncologic and orthopedic systems. This course examines the epidemiology, assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based, interprofessional team approach to the nursing and medical management of patients is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING HUMAN", number:"null", id:"39516", path:"/courses/39516", description:"Human evolutionary studies is a composite product of the fieldwork of both Paleolithic archaeology and human paleontology (or what we refer to as 'stones and bones'). This marriage of two subdisciplines of anthropology produces a unique set of data that is intellectually managed and driven by theories within anthropology as a whole and even beyond -- to fields such as biology, psychology, and primate ethology, as we try to understand the origins of language, culture, and our unique physical characteristics. In this course, we will jointly discuss and debate the actual evidence of human evolution, describing what the actual evidence is and exploring how far can we take these interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR HUMAN MEMORY: Big Data, Memory, and the Human Brain", number:"null", id:"42053", path:"/courses/42053", description:"Advances in brain recording methods over the last decade have generated vastly more brain data than had been collected by neuroscientists during the previous century. To understand the human brain, scientists must now use computational methods that exploit the power of these huge data sets.This course will introduce you to the use of big data analytics in the study of human memory and its neural basis. Through hands-on programming projects, we will analyze multi-terabyte data sets both to replicate existing phenomena and to make new discoveries. Although the course has no formal neuroscience or psychology prerequisites it does require CIS121 and Python experience. Because of the heavy computing resources required to perform the assignments enrollment is limited to 15 students and there is a required course application. http://psychology.sas.upenn.edu/undergraduate/forms", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"44168", path:"/courses/44168", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROVING THINGS: ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"43074", path:"/courses/43074", description:"This course focuses on the creative side of mathematics, with an emphasis on discovery, reasoning, proofs and effective communication, while at the same time studying arithmetic, algebra, linear algebra, groups, rings and fields. Small class sizes permit an informal, discussion-type atmosphere, and often the entire class works together on a given problem. Homework is intended to be thought-provoking, rather than skill-sharpening.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH. SOCIAL RES", number:"null", id:"37920", path:"/courses/37920", description:"This course is designed to introduce graduate students to basic skills and concepts in ethnographic field research, including participant observation, interviewing, field documentation, and the scholarly presentation of qualitative data. Students will learn to apply these skills and concepts through an assigned set of exercises in concert with a semester-long project based on intensive fieldwork at a research site of their choosing. In addition, we will examine exemplars of published fieldwork in both classical and contemporary sociology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN DEATH PENALTY IN THEORY AND PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"39794", path:"/courses/39794", description:"Over the past forty years, in response to controversy over the American death penalty, the Supreme Court has created a framework of rules designed to make the death penalty conform to current societal standards. In this course, we will identify the critical issues identified by the courts (and the critics) in light of the practical realities of capital litigation, and we will ask whether the efforts to address these issues have been successful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VENTURE CAP & ENT MGMT", number:"null", id:"40847", path:"/courses/40847", description:"This elective half-semester course focuses on venture capital management issues in the context of the typical high-growth start-up company. The course is fundamentally pragmatic in its outlook. It will cover six principal areas relevant to the privately held high-growth start-up, these include commentary on the venture capital industry generally as well as a discussion of the typical venture fund structure and related venture capital objectives and investment strategies; common organizational issues encountered in the formation of a venture backed start-up, including issues relating to initial capitalization, intellectual property and early stage equity arrangements; valuation methodologies that form the basis of the negotiation between the the venture capitalist in anticipation of a venture investment; the challenges of fundraising, financing strategies and the importance of the business plan and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur; typical investment terms found in the term sheet and the dynamics of negotiation between the entrepreneur and the venture capitalist; corporate governance in the context of a privately-held, venture capital-backed start-up company and the typical dynamics that play out between VC and entrepreneur in an insider-led, 'down round' financing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARLY AMERICAN STUDIES", number:"null", id:"35926", path:"/courses/35926", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WAR,STRATEGY & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"40588", path:"/courses/40588", description:"This class examines the strategy and politics of warfare, focusing on the way actors plan military campaigns and the factors that are likely to lead to victory and defeat. The course readings center in particular on the factors driving changes in warfare and civil-military relations. The course will cover a wide range of topics from theories of war-fighting to historical military campaigns to insurgency warfare, terrorism, and the future of war.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1ST YR CLASSICAL CHIN I", number:"null", id:"36900", path:"/courses/36900", description:"Introduction to the classical written language, beginning with Shadick, First Course in Literary Chinese. Students with a background in Japanese, Korean, Cantonese, Taiwanese, and other East Asian languages are welcome; it is not necessary to know Mandarin. The course begins from scratch, and swiftly but rigorously develops the ability to read a wide variety of classical and semi-classical styles. Original texts from the 6th century BC to the 20th century AD are studied. This course is taught in English and there are no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIXED METHODS RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"44708", path:"/courses/44708", description:"This course will focus on mixed methods research techniques including mixed methods designs, developing mixed methods research questions, data collection, analyses focusing on data integration of qualitative and quantitative data, interpretation, and presentation of results. Skill building will center on sampling, collection, and management of data; data integration techniques; data visualization, methodological rigor and reporting data including dissemination of findings. Students will complete a mixed methods 'mini' proposal.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINICAL FIELDWORK FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE I", number:"null", id:"41901", path:"/courses/41901", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORK AND IDENTITY", number:"null", id:"40698", path:"/courses/40698", description:"The thinkers whose work formed the foundations of sociological theory considered the nature of the relationship between work and identity key to understanding social solidarity, power, and historical change. In recent years, the division of labor, structures of work, and employment relations have all been undergoing rapid change, necessarily affecting the possibilities for constructing identity through work. This seminar examines how changes in the nature and organization of work have reshaped the relationshop between work and identity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENG CASE STUDIES", number:"null", id:"41001", path:"/courses/41001", description:"This course has the unofficial title 'What Makes Medical Technology Work?' We will examine biomedical devices and technologies with significant engineering components for use in breast cancern detection, for minimally invasive treatment of cancer and other disease, and applied neuroscience technologies for rehabilitation. Various factors that determine the success of particular medical systems will be discussed, including the 'fit' of the technology with a medical need, testing for safety and efficacy, FDA premarket approval requirements, clinical studies used to assess the technology for evidence-based medicine. The class will examine successful and unsuccessful examples of these technologies. The course will require extensive reading of papers from the professional literature , group presentations and papers. BE seniors and graduate students are encouraged to enroll.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW AND SOCIAL CHANGE", number:"null", id:"45306", path:"/courses/45306", description:"Beginning with discussion of various perspectives on social change and law, this course then examines in detail the interdependent relationship between changes in legal and societal institutions. Emphasis will be placed on (1) how and when law can be an instrument for social change, and (2) how and when social change can cause legal change. In the assessment of this relationship, emphasis will be on the laws of the United States. However, laws of other countries and international law relevant to civil liberties, economic, social and political progress will be studied. Throughout the course, discussions will include legal controversies relevant to social change such as issues of race, gender and the law. Other issues relevanat to State-Building and development will discussed. A comparative framework will be used in the analysis of this interdependent relationship between law and social change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"38691", path:"/courses/38691", description:"This course will introduce students to the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality mark our bodies, influence our perceptions of self and others, organize families and work like, delimit opportunities for individuals and groups of people, as well as impact the terms of local and transnational economic exchange. We will explore the ways in which sex, gender, and sexuality work with other markers of difference and social status such as race, age, nationality, and ability to further demarcate possibilities, freedoms, choices, and opportunities available to people.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"40216", path:"/courses/40216", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal and ethical challenges they will face as business leaders, with a particular focus on large, publicly traded, multinational corporations. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING ARABIC II", number:"null", id:"38123", path:"/courses/38123", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF BIOETHICS", number:"null", id:"38766", path:"/courses/38766", description:"This course is an introduction to the historical development of medical ethics and to the birth of bioethics in the twentieth-century United States. We will examine how and why medical ethical issues arose in American society at this time. Themes will include human experimentation, organ donation, the rise of medical technology and euthanasia. Finally, this course will examine the contention that the current discipline of bioethics is a purely American phenomenon that has been exported to Great Britain, Canada and Continental Europe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS:COUNTERINTELLIGENCE:                            COUNTERINTELLIGENCE", number:"null", id:"38781", path:"/courses/38781", description:"Topics in International Relations focuses on specialized issues, practical or applied approaches, policy and other topics of contemporary relevance in modern study of international relations. These are experimental or occasionally offered classes. Past topics of included US Foreign Policy and the Arab Spring, the Iraq Wars, Secret Intelligence & American Democracy, Counterintelligence, Homeland Security, the US & South Asia Cold War and New Alignments, and Think Tanks and Global Governance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LOVE&LOSS:JPNS LIT TRAD", number:"null", id:"37001", path:"/courses/37001", description:"How do people make sense of the multiple experiences that the simple words 'love' and 'loss' imply? How do they express their thoughts and feelings to one another? In this course, we will explore some means Japanese culture has found to grapple with these events and sensations. We will also see how these culturally sanctioned frameworks have shaped the ways Japanese view love and loss. Our materials will sample the literary tradition of Japan from earliest times to the early modern and even modern periods. Close readings of a diverse group of texts, including poetry, narrative, theater, and the related arts of calligraphy, painting, and music will structure our inquiry. The class will take an expedition to nearby Woodlands Cemetery to experience poetry in nature. By the end of the course, you should be able to appreciate texts that differ slightly in their value systems, linguistic expressions, and aesthetic sensibilities from those that you may already know. Among the available project work that you may select, if you have basic Japanese, is learning to read a literary manga. All shared class material is in English translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RHETORIC & THE COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"42569", path:"/courses/42569", description:"Rhetoric and the Community is a class designed to improve the quality of students' speaking abilities. Through debates, impromptu speeches and various other types of oral reports, students will develop their skills as speakers. The emphasis here is on practical advice, constant positive criticism and an active exploration of the art of oratory. We will emphasize the role of effective oral communication in contributing to a higher level of engagement and discourse in the community. This class will particularly help those planning careers in advocacy, public service, teaching and other areas where confident, thoughtful, and articulate communication are important.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN BEG MOD CHIN I&II", number:"null", id:"39679", path:"/courses/39679", description:"This is a two-semester course covering the same material as CHIN011, CHIN012, CHIN111 and CHIN112. The main objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing Chinese. By the end of this course and CHIN022, students should achieve the following goals: 1)pronounce all the sounds in Mandarin Chinese accurately and comfortably with a good command of the 4 tones; 2)carry out basic conversations in daily activities; 3) recognize and reproduce approximately 600-650 characters; and 4) read edited simple stories and write short notes or letters. Grammatical and cultural related issues are discussed during lecture hours. Oral communication tasks are given every week.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY AND HUMAN NATURE", number:"null", id:"41543", path:"/courses/41543", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH IN AGE OF INFO: Math in the Media", number:"null", id:"43075", path:"/courses/43075", description:"This course counts as a regular elective for both the Mathematics Major and Minor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODELS FOR MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"40349", path:"/courses/40349", description:"In today's business environment, marketing executives are involved in complex decision-making and they become responsible for return on their marketing investments. The first objective of this course is to help participants become better executives. By exposing students to various analytical and computer-based tools, developed for solving marketing problems, it will help to prepare them for careers in industries such as consumer packaged goods, hi-tech, financial services, media and entertainment, pharmaceutical, consulting, and venture capital. The course's main focus is on various existing models, such as models that predict the consumer's dynamic adoption of an innovative product. However, at some point in their career, students may find themselves facing business problems for which a model can assist in making decisions, but no existing model is available. Hence, the second objective of the course is to provide participants with critical skills necessary to evaluate new models to which they may be exposed by attending presentations or reading the literature. The models to be discussed in the class have been implemented and proven useful in a wide range of industries (e.g., business-to-consumers and business-to-business).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN BIOL: ANIMAL EMOTIONS", number:"null", id:"42249", path:"/courses/42249", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Biology, the study of living organisms. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Special Topics: Strategic Brand Management", number:"null", id:"38957", path:"/courses/38957", description:"Which brands make you happy? Apple? Starbucks? Google? What draws you into these brands? How do companies create compelling brand experiences? How could you cultivate a brand that fosters consumers' happiness? This course takes a consumer-centric approach to explore such questions with the goal of identifying the ingredients for building and managing inspired brands, where brand is defined as 'a reputation' - departing from traditional perspectives of brand. To bridge theory and practice, the course interweaves lectures, guest speakers, case discussions, and in- and out-of-class exercises. The course culminates in a Brand Audit, which provides a systematic way to inventory current brand assets and develop strategy. The project requires students to select an existing brand for which they conduct their own consumer research and apply their learnings from class in order to assess the current state of the brand and to provide recommendations for the brand going forward. This accelerated version of the course has been condensed into a half semester. This special topics course has been designed to cover the same topics and content as MKTG 278, but at a faster pace.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Creative Nonfiction Writing", number:"null", id:"42688", path:"/courses/42688", description:"A workshop course in the writing of expository prose. Assignments include informal as well as formal essays, covering such topics as autobiography, family history, review, interview, analysis of advertising and popular culture, travel, work, and satire.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY & FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"38428", path:"/courses/38428", description:"This is an advanced course in macroeconomics. A relatively simple, but well defined and internally consistent model of the U.S. economy is set up and used to study how output is generated given the initial resources, how output is divided between consumption and addition to capital stock, and how this process accumulates over time. The role of prices including the rate of interest in this process is also reviewed, and monetary and fiscal policies needed to improve the performance of the economy under such circumstances are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE: All's Well That Ends Well", number:"null", id:"42207", path:"/courses/42207", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMEDICAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"40524", path:"/courses/40524", description:"This course is an introduction to bioethics, focusing on ethical questions arising at the beginning and end of life. Topics will include procreative responsibilities, the question of wrongful life, and prenatal moral status as well as questions of justice related to markets for sperm, eggs and gestation. We will also attend to dilemmas at the end of life, including the authority of advance directives, euthanasia and the allocation of life-saving therapies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANGUAGE AND COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"37446", path:"/courses/37446", description:"The computational study of natural language and its implications for linguistic theories. Topics include finite state tools, computational morphology and phonology, grammar and parsing, computational models of language learning in children and machines.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modal Logic and Formal Epistemology", number:"null", id:"43337", path:"/courses/43337", description:"Selected topics in Epistemology such as: bridging the gap between mainstream and formal epistemology, the familiar tripartite definition of knowledge (knowledge as justified true belief), basic logical and probabilistic models of knowledge (Hintikka, Aumann, and Bayesian) and their multi-agent variants, logical omniscience and other problems (including the epistemic closure principle), attempts at formalizing joint and common knowledge, resource-bounded knowledge, knowledge under limited logical powers, and empirical knowledge obstructed by system complexity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HEALTH: ANTHROPOLOGICAL PERSPECTIVES", number:"null", id:"36731", path:"/courses/36731", description:"In some parts of the world spending on pharmaceuticals is astronomical. In others, people struggle for survival amid new and reemerging epidemics and have little or no access to basic or life-saving therapies. Treatments for infectious diseases that disproportionately affect the world's poor remain under-researched and global health disparities are increasing. This interdisciplinary seminar integrates perspectives from the social sciences and the biomedical sciences to explore 1) the development and global flows of medical technologies; 2) how the health of individuals and groups is affected by medical technologies, public policy, and the forces of globalization as each of these impacts local worlds. This course is a Benjamin Franklin Seminar. 

The seminar is structured to allow us to examine specific case material from around the world (Haiti, South Africa, Brazil, Russia, China, India, for example), and to address the ways in which social, political-economic, and technological factors -- which are increasingly global in nature -- influence basic biological mechanisms and disease outcomes and distribution. As we analyze each case and gain familiarity with ethnographic methods, we will ask how more effective interventions can be formulated. The course draws from historical and ethnographic accounts, medical journals, ethical analyses, and films, and familiarizes students with critical debates on globalization and with local responses to globalizing processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Honors Physics I: Mechanics and Wave Motion", number:"null", id:"41984", path:"/courses/41984", description:"This course parallels and extends the content of PHYS 150, at a significantly higher mathematical level. Recommended for well-prepared students in engineering and the physical sciences, and particularly for those planning to major in physics. Classical laws of motion: interaction between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; rigid body motion; non-inertial reference frames; oscillations. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008 PHYS 101, 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 170 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTUM MECH II", number:"null", id:"39191", path:"/courses/39191", description:"Spin and other two dimensional systems, matrix mechanics, rotation group, symmetries, time independent and time dependent perturbation theory, and atomicand molecular systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"42320", path:"/courses/42320", description:"This course explores the history and archaeology of the last 20,000 years from the development of agriculture to the industrial revolution. Why did people across the world abandon foraging for farming? How and why did cities and states develop? Why did societies succeed or fail? How have humans transformed themselves and the natural world, including the landscape and the climate? We will explore the methods that archaeologists use to consider these questions and analyze evidence for social and economic change from the Middle East, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Europe. In addition, students will have a chance to conduct hands-on exercises with artifacts from the Penn Museum during practicums.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANTITATIVE METHODS I", number:"null", id:"37918", path:"/courses/37918", description:"This course is an introduction to the practice of statistics in social and behavioral sciences. It is open to beginning graduate students and--with the permission of the instructor--advanced undergraduates. Topics covered include the description of social science data, in graphical and non-graphical form; correlation and other forms of association, including cross-tabulation; bivariate regression; an introduction to probability theory; the logic of sampling; the logic of statistical inference and significance tests. There is a lecture twice weekly and a mandatory 'lab.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ASCENT OF EUROPE", number:"null", id:"38723", path:"/courses/38723", description:"HIST 031 will trace the dramatic rise and fall of Europe's global hegemony during the period roughly from 1450 to 1950. Among the major themes we will examine are: states and power, borders and resistance, race and genocide, economies and oppression, ideas and revolution, the building and change of hierarchies of gender and power. Truly, a dramatic story.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP DEV: MERG & ACQUIS", number:"null", id:"43125", path:"/courses/43125", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfil the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATERIALS SELECTION", number:"null", id:"38983", path:"/courses/38983", description:"Throughout mankind's history, materials have played a critical role in civilization and technology. The selection of materials has been based on availability and functionality. The rapid advances of materials technologies in the last 150 years, however, have made nearly all classes and forms of materials available, at a cost. Therefore, in theory at least, materials selection can now proceed on a rational basis as an optimization process. In this course, we will focus on structural applications where mechanical design is central. By the end of the course, the students can expect to acquire a level of engineering familiarity with a broad range of materials, and be prepared to undertake material design projects in the future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORDINARY DIFFER EQUATION", number:"null", id:"45201", path:"/courses/45201", description:"After a rapid review of the basic techniques for solving equations, the course will discuss one or more of the following topics: stability of linear and nonlinear systems, boundary value problems and orthogonal functions, numerical techniques, Laplace transform methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36429", path:"/courses/36429", description:"This course will cover theory and research related to the development of attachment, emotional regulation, peer and intimate relationships, personality, moral reasoning, and emotional and behavioral disorders. The course will emphasize the degree to which family, peer, and community contexts influence development from infancy into adulthood. Efforts will be made to integrate biological and environmental accounts of development across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED GRAPHIC DESIGN AND TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"41411", path:"/courses/41411", description:"This course will explore advanced commercial, public and personal forms of visual communication. Emphasis will be placed on creative problem solving with consideration for audience. Discussion of design history, current ideology and future design applications will inform individual student projects. Work generated in this studio can be used to build a portfolio.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS ADVANCED JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"41622", path:"/courses/41622", description:"Readings in advanced literary and journalistic texts written in modern Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSS LIT TO 1870S", number:"null", id:"40646", path:"/courses/40646", description:"Major Russian writers in English translation: Pushkin, Gogol, Turgenev, early Tolstoy, and early Dostoevsky.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR DEVELOP PSYCH: Psychology of Imagination", number:"null", id:"36444", path:"/courses/36444", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39625", path:"/courses/39625", description:"This course is designed to introduce the undergraduate student to the structure of tissues at the cellular level and to the way in which those tissues are assembled into organs. This knowledge of structure will be the basis for discussion of tissue and organ function. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV TPCS IN ALGORITHMS", number:"null", id:"35499", path:"/courses/35499", description:"Can you check if two large documents are identical by examining a small number of bits? Can you verify that a program has correctly computed a function without ever computing the function? Can students compute the average score on an exam without ever revealing their scores to each other? Can you be convinced of the correctness of an assertion without ever seeing the proof? The answer to all these questions is in the affirmative provided we allow the use of randomization. Over the past few decades, randomization has emerged as a powerful resource in algorithm desgin. This course would focus on powerful general techniques for designing randomized algorithms as well as specific representative applications in various domains, including approximation algorithms, cryptography and number theory, data structure design, online algorithms, and parallel and distributed computation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"38394", path:"/courses/38394", description:"Korean Wave (Hallyu), a Korean popular culture phenomenon, is currently raging throughout Asia and is making its way to the West(maybe?) From Korean tele-dramas and K-pop music to their respective celebrity icons, these popular cultural forms from Korea are increasingly becoming part of the everyday landscape and vocabulary. We will attempt to understand and evaluate this cultural phenomenon--its promises and limitations as well as its popularity and backlash against it. More specifically, this course explores the ways in which television, music, manhwa (comic books), and the internet participate in the transnational production and circulation of culture, modernity, tradition, ideology, and politics. One of the central topics that the spring 2007 course will consider is the curious ways in which popular culture repeatedly restages (or translates) Korea's past in order to comment on its present. For example, we will study television dramas such as 'The Immortal Yi Sunsin' (Korea-Japan relations), 'Chumong' (Reclamation of northeastern China as part of ancient Korea), and 'Goong' (Imagining Korea as a constitutional monarchy with its royal family). In addition to these primary texts, we will read theoretical and critical writings on mass culture, new media, narratology, and translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I", number:"null", id:"40549", path:"/courses/40549", description:"This calculus-based course is recommended for science majors and engineering students. Classical laws of motion; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses: PHYS 008, PHYS 101, PHYS 150, or PHYS 170. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 91 or PHYS 93 who complete PHYS 150 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"41625", path:"/courses/41625", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 012. This course is designed to develop students' Korean language proficiency to the intermediate-low level of the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines. Authentic materials, as well as various student-centered activities that are highly contextualized in everyday interactions will be used. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to present and exchange information on a variety of topics such as weather, fashion, travel, mailing, housing, public transportation, and shopping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING THROUGH CULT ART", number:"null", id:"37074", path:"/courses/37074", description:"This is a year-long creative writing class, given as a collaboration of the Center for Programs in Contemporary Writing and the Institute of Contemporary Art. Students will be encouraged to develop correspondent methods of responding to the ICA's exhibitions. The class will involve monthly trips to New York City to attend concerts, museums and lectures. The students will have access to the most cutting--edge artists today via class visits and studio visits. English 165 will culminate in a publication co-sponsored by the ICA and CPCW. 

See English Department website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED HUMAN ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY & PHYSICAL ASSESSMENT I", number:"null", id:"36217", path:"/courses/36217", description:"This is the first part of a two-semester course designed to provide a comprehensive study of the structure and function of the human body along with essential embryology and maturational physiology. Histological and gross anatomical features of selected organ systems are related to the physiologic and biochemical mechanisms that enable the human body to maintain homeostasis. Within each system, deviations from normal are considered to situate the student's understanding of health problems and to foster an appreciation for the complexity of the human organism. Integrated into each topic are the correlated physical assessment parameters and related procedural skills. Laboratories exercises and case study analysis provide a contextual base to acquire and use domain-specific knowledge of concern to the practice of nursing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAIN GROUP CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"39675", path:"/courses/39675", description:"This course encompasses a comprehensive survey of the chemistry and properties of the p-block elements of the periodic table. Topics include syntheses, structures and reactivities of important compounds. In addition, alternative bonding theories which have been used to explain the unique properties of thesecompounds are critically examined.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINARS IN THRY & COMP", number:"null", id:"40388", path:"/courses/40388", description:"Advanced seminar in topics of music theory and compositions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC: CALCULUS II PROB&MATRIC", number:"null", id:"44453", path:"/courses/44453", description:"Functions of several variables, partial derivatives, multiple integrals, differential equations; introduction to linear algebra and matrices with applications to linear programming and Markov processes. Elements of probability and statistics. Applications to social and biological sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"44944", path:"/courses/44944", description:"Spanish 130, a first-semester intermediate-level course, emphasizes students' acquisition of new vocabulary and linguistic structures in a cultural and communicative context while building on their previous speaking, reading, listening and writing skills. A substantial amount of the course is devoted to learning and using the past tenses. As in other Spanish courses, students will take part in a wide range of activities, including video blogging, role-plays, film viewings, listening to music and class discussions of current social and cultural topics. Unique to this course is the creation of a 'cultural journal'throughout the semester in which students pursue their own interests in the Spanish-speaking world while taking advantage of some of the rich resources within Philadelphia's own Hispanic community.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ECON MACRO", number:"null", id:"44009", path:"/courses/44009", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. An examination of a market economy to provide an understanding of how the size and composition of national output are determined. Elements of monetary and fiscal policy, international trade, economic development, and comparative economic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MED ANTHRO", number:"null", id:"36727", path:"/courses/36727", description:"Introduction to Medical Anthropology takes central concepts in anthropology -- culture, adaptation, human variation, belief, political economy, the body -- and applies them to human health and illness. Students explore key elements of healing systems including healing technologies and healer-patient relationships. Modern day applications for medical anthropology are stressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AESTHETICS", number:"null", id:"37749", path:"/courses/37749", description:"What is beauty? What is the relationship between beauty and goodness? What does aesthetic judgment tell us, if anything, about the world? This course addresses these and other questions by focusing predominantly on Kant's highly influential aesthetic theory. It situates this text in the context of other works on aesthetics. We begin with Plato's view expressed in The Symposium that beauty is a form to which humans gain (some) access through love. We then turn to essays by Shaftesbury and Hume that introduce key aesthetic notions that Kant will elaborate (and revise) -- including those of taste, common sense, harmony, and aesthetic disinterest. We also read selections from the work of Friedrich Schiller, John Dewey, and A. K. Coomaraswamy who offer alternative accounts of the relationship between beauty and ethical life -- a relationship that Kant acknowledges but considers to be importantly limited. The question of the relationship between ethics and aesthetics will form the backdrop for this semester's reading overall.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR GENETICS OF NEUROLOGICAL DISEASE", number:"null", id:"39636", path:"/courses/39636", description:"This course will focus on the molecular basis of neurological diseases, exploring in detail key papers that cover topics including defining the disease genes, development of animal models that provide mechanistic insight, and seminal findings that reveal molecular understanding. Diseases covered will include neurological diseases of great focus today such as Alzheimer's, Fragile-X and autism, dementia, motor neuron degeneration, and microsatellite repeat expansion disorders. The course will provide a perspective from initial molecular determination through current status. Students will gain an understanding of how the molecular basis of a disease is discovered (from classical genetics to modern genomics) and how such diseases can be modeled in simple genetic systems for mechanistic insight. The course will be comprised of lectures with detailed analysis of primary literature and in-class activities. Grading will be based on class participation, exams, and written papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHEMICAL REACTOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"39647", path:"/courses/39647", description:"Design of reactors for the production of chemical products. Continuous and batch reactors. Chemical kinetics. Effects of back-mixing and non-ideal flow in tubular reactors. Heterogeneous reactions. Construction and economic analysis of reactors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE I", number:"null", id:"36886", path:"/courses/36886", description:"Students focus on reading and writing skills. The objective of the course is to lay a solid foundation in both Pinyin romanization and Chinese characters, learning to produce and recognize approximately 600-650 characters. The class provides preparation for Intermediate Modern Chinese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP PROG", number:"null", id:"35483", path:"/courses/35483", description:"Introduction to Computer Programming is the first course in our series introducing students to computer science. In this class you will learn the fundamentals of computer programming in Java, with emphasis on applications in science and engineering. You will also learn about the broader field of computer science and algorithmic thinking, the fundamental approach that computer scientists take to solving problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEMS GREK/RMN HIST", number:"null", id:"43680", path:"/courses/43680", description:"This seminar is designed to introduce students to the major issues and problems in the early history of Ancient Greece, from approximately 776 BC until the reign of Alexander the Great nearly four hundred and fifty years later. A number of these issues have been the subject of academic investigation for decades: the historicity of Homeric society, the origins of democracy, the reforms of Kleisthenes, the population of Athens, for example. The investigation of many of these problems, however, has received fresh impetus from newer approaches: demographic studies of the Aegean islands, the dating of 5th century inscriptions, the study of Solons poetry have all yielded new insights and transformed our understanding of Greek culture and history. In this seminar we will explore many older questions from newer perspectives, with attention to such recent topics as gender, ethnicity and subaltern studies.The result is a view of Greece that is both more familiar and yet equally more alien.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEX DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULTS ACROSS THE LIFESPAN", number:"null", id:"44673", path:"/courses/44673", description:"This course will build on concepts presented in the Diagnosis and Management of Adults across the Lifespan (NURS 646) course. The focus is on refining health assessment skills, interpreting findings, developing and implementing appropriate plans of care to meet common health maintenance needs of adults and to promote the health of adults with more complex health problems with an emphasis on the frail adult. The student will gain increased expertise in communication skills, health assessment skills, interpreting findings, epidemiological concepts and developing and implementing plans of care. The emphasis will be placed upon managing an aging population with complex, chronic healthcare needs and promoting healthy behaviors across the lifespan.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH OF FINANCE", number:"null", id:"36076", path:"/courses/36076", description:"This course presents the basic mathematical tools to model financial markets and to make calculations about financial products, especially financial derivatives. Mathematical topics covered: stochastic processes, partial differential equations and their relationship. No background in finance is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Religious and Political Tolerance, Then and Now", number:"null", id:"38740", path:"/courses/38740", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NANOSCALE SYSTEMS BIOL", number:"null", id:"39652", path:"/courses/39652", description:"From single cell manipulations down to studies of single nanoparticles and single molecules, basic cell- molecular biology and biotechnologies are increasingly 'nano' as well as quantitative. Lectures and laboratories in this course start with nano aspects of optical detection, address the basic thermodynamics of biomolecular interactions, and then cover genomic scale devices. Nanoprobe methods are then complemented by basic theories of self-assembly and polymers as well as application in drug delivery and virus engineering with analyses of limitations imposed by the innate immune system. Skills in analytical and professional presentations, papers and laboratory work will be developed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOBILE APP DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"42533", path:"/courses/42533", description:"This project-oriented course is centered around application development on current mobile platforms like iOS and Android. The first half of the course will involve fundamentals of mobile app development, where students learn about mobile app lifecycles, event-based programming, efficient resource management, and how to interact with the range of sensors available on modern mobile devices. In the second half of the course, students work in teams to conceptualize and develop a significant mobile application. Creativity and originality are highly encouraged!", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HIST OF ANC EGYPT", number:"null", id:"40404", path:"/courses/40404", description:"Review and discussion of the principal aspects of ancient Egyptian history, 3000-500 BC.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTS OF MICROBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45110", path:"/courses/45110", description:"Microbiology plays a central role in diverse areas of human life such as infectious disease, ecology, and biotechnology. This course will cover aspects of modern microbiology with an emphasis on prokaryotic organisms. The topics will include basic aspects of microbial diversity, genetics, and pathogenesis as well as examples of applied microbiology. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONCEPTS OF MATH PROGRAM: CONCEPTS OF MATHEMATICAL PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"37728", path:"/courses/37728", description:"Introduction to mathematical programming for PhD students who would like to be intelligent and sophisticated consumers of mathematical programming theory but do not plan to specialize in this area. Integer and nonlinear programming are covered, including the fundamentals of each area together with a sense of the state-of-the-art and expected directions of future progress.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLY RHEOLOGY & PROC", number:"null", id:"36855", path:"/courses/36855", description:"This course focuses on applications of rheology to polymer process technologies. It includes a general review of rheological concepts, including viscoelasticity and the influence of shear rate, temperature and pressure on polymer flow properties. The course covers the elementary processing steps common in various types of polymer manufacturing operations including handling of particulate solids, melting, pressurizing and pumping, mixing and devolatilization. Specific polymer processing operations including extrusion, injection molding, compression molding, fiber spinning and wire coating are covered. Emerging polymer processing applications in microelectronics, biomedical devices and recycling are also discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"42041", path:"/courses/42041", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORMAL LOGIC I", number:"null", id:"36325", path:"/courses/36325", description:"This course is an introduction to the study of mathematical logic and formal reasoning. We will construct and consider theories of reasoning that could be of use in a wide range of tasks, from doing well on the LSAT to figuring out the epidemiological properties of a disease. To do that, we will first consider some superficially compelling but bad forms of reasoning and look at a bit of combinatorics and probability theory. We will also consider some meta-theoretical results about what we can be proved in formal systems. There will be lectures, demonstrations of problem-solving techniques, in-class and out-of-class work, and a variety of exercises.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"37215", path:"/courses/37215", description:"The objective of this course is to undertake a rigorous study of the theoretical foundations of modern financial economics. The course will cover the central themes of modern finance including individual investment decisions under uncertainty, stochastic dominance, mean variance theory, capital market equilibrium and asset valuation, arbitrage pricing theory, option pricing, and incomplete markets, and the potential application of these themes. Upon completion of this course, students should acquire a clear understanding of the major theoretical results concerning individuals' consumption and portfolio decisions under uncertainty and their implications for the valuation of securities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-SHAREHOLDER ACTIVISM", number:"null", id:"44198", path:"/courses/44198", description:"The aim of the course is to provide an introduction to shareholder activism. The course makes use of lectures and case studies. The lectures expose the students to the institutional and empirical facts as well as approaches followed by leading shareholder activists. The case studies are designed to provide students an experience on identifying potential opportunity for value creation thrugh active engagement. Assignments require students to develop/practice skills on fundamental analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS", number:"null", id:"38841", path:"/courses/38841", description:"This course examines the art and science of negotiation. This course develops managerial skills by combining lectures with practice, using exercises where students negotiate with each other. Over the course of the semester, students will engage in a number of simulated negotiations ranging from simple one issue transactions to multi-party joint ventures. Through these exercises and associated readings, students explore the basic theoretical models of bargaining and have an opportunity to test and improve their negotiation skills. Cross-listed with LGST 806/OPIM 691.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"41645", path:"/courses/41645", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal, ethical and cultural challenges they will face as business leaders. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTR COMPLE & ALTERN MED", number:"null", id:"38771", path:"/courses/38771", description:"This course will introduce the student to the field of complementary of and alternative medicine (or CAM). In addition to providing an overview of several common modalities and systems currently used in the U.S., the course will explore such topics as health belief systems, spirituality and health, ethnomedicine, the holistic paradigm, the social context of health, healthcare as a cultural construct, and the contemporary emergence of integrative medicine. I invite students to approach the subject matter with open-minded skepticism.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TUTORIAL IN LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"37444", path:"/courses/37444", description:"This tutorial allows students to deal in a concentrated manner with selected major topics in linguistics by means of extensive readings and research. Two topics are studied during the semester, exposing students to a range of sophisticated linguistic questions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGINEERING BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"41073", path:"/courses/41073", description:"Advanced study of re DNA techniques; bioreactor design for bacteria, mammalian and insect culture; separation methods; chromatography; drug and cell delivery systems; gene therapy; and diagnostics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIVATE EQUITY IN EMERGING MARKETS", number:"null", id:"44530", path:"/courses/44530", description:"The course investigates the private equity industry in emerging markets. The goal of the course is to give students a realistic understanding of the roles, responsibilities and analytical skills required of market practitioners, as well as the tensions that arise between various stakeholders, including government officials, investors, entrepreneurs, and the press. The underlying premise is that private equity in those countries has evolved as a distinctly different asset class from private equity in industrialized countries in areas such as valuations, governance, structure, contract enforcement and regulatory transparency. The course will require high level of preparation and class participation. Classes will be a mix of guest speakers from the industry and business cases, to provide students with a practical grasp of the private equity industry and the particular issues involved with how the business works in emerging markets. Cases will highlight the challenges and tasks at each stage of the investment cycle, such as structuring a new fund, originating new deals, conducting due diligence, creating value and monitoring performance of portfolio companies, and exiting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARING HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS IN AN INTERCULTURAL CONTEXT: THAILAND", number:"null", id:"44657", path:"/courses/44657", description:"This course offers students an opportunity to: 1) expand their knowledge base in health care systems; 2) develop intercultural competency skills and 3) shape a conceptual framework for improving the quality of health care for the individual, the family, the community and society at large. Emphasizes the relational, contextual nature of health care and the inseparability of the notions of the health of individuals and the health of family, society, and culture. Includes field experience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOVIET & POST-SOV ECON", number:"null", id:"42089", path:"/courses/42089", description:"The course will cover the development and operation of the Soviet centrally planned economy--one of the grandest social experiments of the 20th century. We will review the mechanisms of plan creation, the push for the collectivization and further development of Soviet agriculture, the role of the Soviet educational system and the performance of labor markets (including forced labor camps--GULags). We will discuss the strengths and weaknesses of the Soviet system and the causes of its collapse. Privatization, called by some 'piratization,' will be one of the central issues in our consideration of the transition from central planning to a market economy in the early 1990s. Even though our main focus will be on the Soviet economy and post-Soviet transition, we will occasionally look back in time to the tsarist era and even further back to find evidence to help explain Soviet/Russian economic development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY PORTUGUESE II", number:"null", id:"44802", path:"/courses/44802", description:"This class continues the development of a basic proficiency that will help reinforce the student's abilities and confidence. A broad range of lively, high-interest readings such as newspaper and magazine articles in current events on Brazilian culture will allow the student to gain a genuine sense of current usage. A Brazilian movie is presented and discussed in groups. Daily homework assignments involve writing exercises, short compositions and group projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REINVENTING THE MEDIA ECONOMY: EXPERIMENTS IN AVERTING E-POCALYPSE", number:"null", id:"35560", path:"/courses/35560", description:"This is an interdisciplinary senior seminar for media and business students constructed to discover, analyze and advance revenue models for content online and off. Participants will investigate the history of mass media economics and the effects of digital revolution, with a focus on identifying sustainable solutions. Students completing the class will leave as experts thoroughly grounded in the breadth of the media-financing landscape, prepared and empowered to engineer the media future.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED SELECTED TOPICS: SOCIOLOGY OF RACE", number:"null", id:"36526", path:"/courses/36526", description:"Topics vary from semester to semester. Courses offered in the past were Social Movements and Social Change; Critical Race Theory; Conducting Family Research; Mistakes, Errors, Accidents and Disasters; Sociology of Jewish Bioethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONALIZATION SEM: Professionalization Seminar", number:"null", id:"37921", path:"/courses/37921", description:"In the non-credit seminar students will be introduce to key areas in sociologicalresearch, and a set of prodessional skills necessary to navigate graduate school and a successful academic career. Students will also be introduced to faculty and resources available at Penn. This course is required for all first-year graduate students in Sociology", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROFESSIONAL ASPECTS & LEADERSHIP FOR NURSE ANESTHESIA PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"45267", path:"/courses/45267", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN PROKARYOTIC BIOLOGY: FROM MOLECULES TO MICROBIOMES", number:"null", id:"43830", path:"/courses/43830", description:"This course will cover research articles from both the classic and contemporary literature on the genetics, cell biology, and physiology of prokaryotes. The material will focus on a small number of subjects in depth, with an emphasis on how the field has arrived at its current state of knowledge and on exciting new research directions. Possible topics include: stress responses, cell signaling, subcellular organization, bacteriophages, microbial communities, and host-microbe interactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPERIMENTAL WRITING SEM: POETRY AND POETICS", number:"null", id:"37063", path:"/courses/37063", description:"We spend our lives in front of screens, mostly wasting time: checking social media, watching cat videos, chatting, and shopping. What if these activities clicking, SMSing, status-updating, and random surfing were used as raw material for creating compelling and emotional works of literature? Could we reconstruct our autobiography using only Facebook? Could we write a great novella by plundering our Twitter feed? Could we reframe the internet as the greatest poem ever written? Using our laptops and a wifi connection as our only materials, this class will focus on the alchemical recuperation of aimless surfing into substantial works of literature. Students will be required to stare at the screen for three hours, only interacting through chat rooms, bots, social media and listservs. To bolster our practice, we'll explore the long history of the recuperation of boredom and time-wasting through critical texts about affect theory, ASMR, situationism and everyday life by thinkers such as Guy Debord, Mary Kelly Erving Goffman, Betty Friedan, Raymond Williams, John Cage, Georges Perec, Michel de Certeau, Henri Lefevbre, Trin Minh-ha, Stuart Hall, Sianne Ngai, Siegfried Kracauer and others. Distraction, multi-tasking, and aimless drifting is mandatory. 

See English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPROACHES TO GENRE: THE END IS COMING: APOCALYPSE IN FILM AND LITERATURE", number:"null", id:"41185", path:"/courses/41185", description:"This is a topics course. Please see COML website for current semester's description: http://ccat.sas.upenn.edu/Complit/", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: Looking for Don Quixote", number:"null", id:"42166", path:"/courses/42166", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING IN THE COMMUNITY", number:"null", id:"41852", path:"/courses/41852", description:"This course considers how nursing influences the health and healing capacities of both communities as a whole (populations) and of groups, families, and individuals living within particular communities locally and globally. It addresses the complexity of nursing practice using a public health paradigm. It requires students to draw from prior class and clinical knowledge and skills and apply this practice base to communities across care settings, ages, and cultures with different experiences of equity and access to care. It provides the tools needed to engage in collaborative community work and to give voice to the community's strengths, needs, and goals. It also moves students from an individual and family focus to a population focus for health assessment and intervention. Students consider the science, policies, and resources that support public health, and community based and community-oriented care. Clinical and simulated experiences in community settings provide sufficient opportunities for clinical reasoning, clinical care and knowledge integration in community settings. Students will have opportunities to care for patients and populations within selected communities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE I", number:"null", id:"37680", path:"/courses/37680", description:"This didactic course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. Students explore the dynamic interplay between the pathophysiologic basis of disease and the psychosocial and socio-cultural responses to acute and critical illness and injury as they develop clinical decision-making skills. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized. Cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, infectious and prevention issues commonly encountered by adults are covered. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DES&DEV WEB-BASED PROD: DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT OF WEB-BASED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES", number:"null", id:"39130", path:"/courses/39130", description:"This course will cover applications of decision models to managerial problems in a variety of business functions. The course will use management science techniques such as mathematical programming (LP/IP/NLP), Monte-Carlo simulation, decision trees, probability theory and statistical analysis as the vehicle for applying diverse management theories to real-world problems. Potential in-class applications include product-line selection, risk management, corporate real options, and supply-chain restructuring. The course will emphasize the practical application of these techniques; problems will be solved using popular packages such as Excel, and Crystal Ball.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Public Opinion: Survey, Research and Design", number:"null", id:"37809", path:"/courses/37809", description:"Survey research is a small but rich acadmic field and discipline, drawing on theory and practice from many diverse fields including political science and communication.This course canvasses the science and practice of survey methods,sampling theory, instrument development and operationalization, and the analysis and reporting of survey data. Major areas of focus include measurement and research on survey errors, application to election polling, new frontiers in data collection, overall development of data management and introductory statistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HEALTH SEMINAR: ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH ISSUES AND GLOBAL IMPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"44638", path:"/courses/44638", description:"Cross Listed with NURS 543", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN.STM:ANAL&REP.INCENT", number:"null", id:"42276", path:"/courses/42276", description:"In the course, students learn how to analyze firms' financial statements and disclosures to determine how a firm's particular accounting choices reflect the underlying economics of the firm. As a result, the course strengthens students' ability to use financial statements as part of an overall assessment of the firm's strategy and valuation. The course is especially useful for anyone interested in working on the buy or sell side.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Research Writing (LPS II)", number:"null", id:"45322", path:"/courses/45322", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY: QUALITY CARE CHALLENGES IN AN EVOLVING HEALTH CARE MARKET", number:"null", id:"39049", path:"/courses/39049", description:"Quality care is an issue for consumers, providers, purchasers, and policy makers. This case study examines the multiple challenges that surround the quality of health care in the evolving United States health care marketplace. Through classroom discussion and special project experience, the student will become familiar with the concept of health care quality and approaches to the measurement and management of quality. Using Donabedian's construct of structure, process and outcomes, strategies to improve quality while containing or reducing costs are reviewed, including the contributions of clinical practice guidelines. The evolving dominant structures for providing health care services, managed care and integrated delivery systems, and their approaches to quality management and reporting will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"37820", path:"/courses/37820", description:"How the individual acquires and is guided by knowledge about objects and events in their environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE GERMAN II", number:"null", id:"35865", path:"/courses/35865", description:"A continuation of GRMN 103. Expands students writing and speaking competence in German, increases vocabulary and helps students practice effective reading and listening strategies. Our in-class discussions are based on weekly readings of literary and non-literary texts to facilitate exchange of information, ideas, reactions, and opinions. In addition, the readings provide cultural and historical background information. The review of grammar will not be the primary focus of the course. Students will, however, expand and deepen their knowledge of grammar through specific grammar exercises. Students will conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN 19TH C. ART: Manet's Paris in a Global Context", number:"null", id:"38145", path:"/courses/38145", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modern and Contemporary Spanish Literature: Penn in Madrid", number:"null", id:"45314", path:"/courses/45314", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"35868", path:"/courses/35868", description:"In this course, you will explore themes of cultural and historical significancein contemporary German-speaking countries through literature and nonfiction, through film and current event media coverage. Whether you wish to dive deeply into historical or political contexts, explore untranslatable cultural phenomena or the aesthetic rhythm and semantic complexity of the German language, GRMN 203 Texts and Contexts will inspire your imagination and deepen your understanding of German language, culture and literature. This is a required course for all courses taught in German at or above the 200 level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PHIL: HUMAN EXTINCTION", number:"null", id:"40815", path:"/courses/40815", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Philosophy, the study of the nature and theory of reality, existence, and knowledge. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOLOGICAL PHYSICS", number:"null", id:"36367", path:"/courses/36367", description:"The course will explore the basic physical principles behind the structure and function of life across many length and time scales (molecule, cell, organism, population). Emphasis will be given on overarching physical themes such as entropy and biological noise, and how they affect the organization of living matter and its emergent properties. Topics may include biopolymers and single molecule biophysics, molecular motors, gene and transcription networks, pattern formation in biological systems, phyllotaxis, neural computing and evolution.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO SYNTAX", number:"null", id:"41660", path:"/courses/41660", description:"This course is an introduction to current syntactic theory, covering the principles that govern phrase structure (the composition of phrases and sentences), movement (dependencies between syntactic constituents), and binding (the interpretation of different types of noun phrases). Although much of the evidence discussed in the class will come from English, evidence from other languages will also play an important role, in keeping with the comparative and universalist perspective of modern syntactic theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROSEMINAR IN NURSING INNOVATION", number:"null", id:"39107", path:"/courses/39107", description:"This course is designed to provide an exploration of innovation in society, health care, and nursing. It will provide a broad overview of innovation from historical to current times and from a variety of disciplines. It will focus on promoting innovation and discovery and its translation to policy, the health care system and nursing practice. Emphasis is placed on having scholars develop their individual approach to innovation and strategize implementation and evaluation strategies for innovation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"37766", path:"/courses/37766", description:"Electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CULTURE OF THE COURTS: The Culture of the Courts", number:"null", id:"35989", path:"/courses/35989", description:"Renaissance Italian society, art, intellectual and political history.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"41981", path:"/courses/41981", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE LEARNING", number:"null", id:"36937", path:"/courses/36937", description:"This course covers the foundations of statistical machine learning. The focus is on probabilistic and statistical methods for prediction and clustering in high dimensions. Topics covered include SVMs and logistic regression, PCA and dimensionality reduction, and EM and Hidden Markov Models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ART OF THE PROFILE", number:"null", id:"38473", path:"/courses/38473", description:"One of the toughest challenges for any journalist is to master the art of the profile-writing. In this new course, students will read and critique some of the classic profile articles of the past 40 years, and, most importantly, write profile articles of their own. Writing about people is often very rewarding, but rarely easy. In this course, students will debate the questions that have plagued and energized journalists for generations: How do you persuade somebody that he or she is a worthy topic for a profile? How do you ask sensitive questions? If the person is a celebrity, how do you avoid being manipulated into writing a 'puff piece'? Do you tape the interviews or just take notes? How do you structure a profile in order to keep the reader's attention? Is it even possible to capture the essence of a person on the written page? Are you a friend to the profile subject--or a manipulator? A journalist at The New Yorker recently said that a writer's relationship with the profile subject is 'a kind of love affair.' On the other hand, a famous author once said that a profile writer is typically 'gaining their trust and betraying without remorse.' Which is closer to the truth?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SOUTH 1861-PRES", number:"null", id:"38738", path:"/courses/38738", description:"This course will trace the history of the American South from the end of the Civil War to the present. It will investigate Reconstruction, the New South, Populism, racial disfranchisement and the rise of Jim Crow, the politics of the One-Party South, the South in the Progressive era and its role in the New Deal and World War II, the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s, and the rise of the Republican South. While following the narrative of politics and economic development,we will pay particular attention to race relations and will be more than casually interested in gender roles. In addition, we will take frequent peeks at the evolving Southern identity as reflected in popular culture and literature as well as in other corners of the public sphere.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STUDY-ORGAN EFFECT: Collaborative Innovation Program", number:"null", id:"41752", path:"/courses/41752", description:"Business success is increasingly driven by a firm's ability to create and capture value through innovation. Thus, the processes used by firms to develop innovations, the choices they make regarding how to commercialize their innovations, the changes they make to their business models to adapt to the dynamic environment, and the strategies they use to position and build a dominate competitive position are important issues facing firms. In MGMT. 892, you will learn to address these issues through an action learning approach. MGMT. 892 is a 1.0-credit course conducted in the spirit of an independent study. By working on consulting projects for leading global companies, you will develop and then apply your knowledge about innovation management and help these firms better understand the challenges and opportunities posed by emerging technologies and markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEGOTIATIONS IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"40442", path:"/courses/40442", description:"This course examines the process that leads to change in health care settings and situations. Students will develop skills that lead to effective negotiations in interpersonal and organizational settings. Included in the discussion are: concepts of organizational structure and power, negotiating in difficult situations, and the role of the health care professional in negotiation and change. The course also examines techniques leading to successful implementation of negotiated change in the practice setting.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN STATEMENT & DIS ANA", number:"null", id:"35237", path:"/courses/35237", description:"This course focuses on the analysis of financial communications between corporate managers and outsiders, including the required financial statements, voluntary disclosures, and interactions with investors, analysts, and the media. The course draws on the findings of recent academic research to discuss a number of techniques that outsiders can use to detect potential bias or aggressiveness in financial reporting. FORMAT: Case discussions and lectures. Comprehensive final exam, group project, case write-ups, and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"44449", path:"/courses/44449", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41704", path:"/courses/41704", description:"This is a junior level laboratory course. The course teaches the principles of design and measurement systems including basic electromechanical systems. It follows MEAM 302 and MEAM 321 including experiments in fluid mechanics, and vibration in the design of mechanical systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENABLING TECHNOLOGIES: Enabling Technologies", number:"null", id:"41934", path:"/courses/41934", description:"This course is about understanding emerging technology enablers with a goal of stimulating thinking on new applications for commerce. No prerequisite or technical background is assumed. The class is self-contained (mainly lecture-based) and will culminate in a class-driven identification of novel businesses that exploit these enablers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Russian for Heritage Speakers I", number:"null", id:"42095", path:"/courses/42095", description:"This course is intended for students who have spoken Russian at home and seek to achieve proficiency in the language. Topics will include an intensive introduction to the Russian writing system and grammar, focusing on exciting materials and examples drawn from classic and contemporary Russian culture and social life. Students who complete this course in combination with RUSS361 satisfy the Penn Language Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE OF BUYOUTS & ACQS", number:"null", id:"37198", path:"/courses/37198", description:"The course focuses on financial tools, techniques, and best practices used in buyouts (financial buyers) and acquisitions (strategic buyers). While it will touch upon various strategic, organizational, and general management issues, the main lens for studying these transactions will be a financial one. It will explore how different buyers approach the process of finding, evaluating, and analyzing opportunities in the corporate-control market; how they structure deals and how deal structure affects both value creation and value division; how they add value after transaction completion; and how they realize their ultimate objectives (such as enhanced market position or a profitable exit). The course is divided into two broad modules. The first module covers mergers and acquisitions, and the second one studies buyouts by private equity partnerships. During the spring semester this course cannot be taken pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BOOK&PUBLICATION DESIGN", number:"null", id:"42776", path:"/courses/42776", description:"Book and Publication Design will focus on the theory and professional practice of designing multi-page publications. Students will analyze formal structures of different types of books-literature and poetry, fiction and non-fiction compilations, illustrated volumes such as art catalogues, monographs and textbooks, and serial editions-discussing both traditional and experimental approaches. The format of the course will be split between theoretical and historical evaluations of book formats by drawing on the Van Pelt Rare Book Collection-and studio time where students will design books with attention to the format's conceptual relationship to the material at hand with a focus on typography and page layout, as well as on understanding production methods of printing and binding. In addition to the conventions of page layout students will examine paratextual elements (title page, practices of pagination and other internal structuring, content lists and indexes, colophons, notes and marginalia, end-leaves, binding, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PSYCHOLOGICAL AND SOCIAL DIVERSITY IN HEALTH AND WELLNESS", number:"null", id:"41828", path:"/courses/41828", description:"This course explores and integrates the intersection of psychological, cognitive, and social development with the lived experiences of individuals, families, and communities across the lifespan in order to conduct socially contextualized health assessments and health teaching. Extant theories will be critically analyzed and examined with respect to issues of health care access, health history, health promotion, and issues of equity and diversity from a life-course perspective. This knowledge will be synthesized and integrated with the development of the student's communication skills and interviewing processes necessary to develop socially attuned health history and teaching that promote psychological well being and healthy lifestyles. Simulated and observational experiences provide students with opportunities to acquire and apply knowledge necessary for conducting a comprehensive health history of an individual situated within a diverse community. They also provide opportunities to develop prioritized health teaching plans in partnership with that individual.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF AMERICAN LAW", number:"null", id:"44317", path:"/courses/44317", description:"This course covers the development of legal rules and principles concerning individual and group conduct in the United States since 1877. Such subjects as regulation and deregulation, legal education and the legal profession, and the legal status of women and minorities will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO CHEMICAL ENG", number:"null", id:"35418", path:"/courses/35418", description:"Students will learn to read and understand a process flow sheet. There is a focus on drawing a process flow sheet, and formulating and solving the material balances for the chemical processes involving chemical reactions (some with recycle streams, some with purge streams, and some with bypass streams). Additionally, students will understand the limits of the ideal gas law, and have a working knowledge of the cubic equations of state and the concept of a compressibility factor. The class will study the basic concepts of gas-liquid phase equilibrium and apply Raoult's Law to solve phase equilibrium problems. A final objective is to design flow sheets and solve material balances for simple chemical processes using ASPEN (chemical engineering simulation program).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAINTING PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"42772", path:"/courses/42772", description:"Painting practices is an introduction to the methods and materials of oil painting. This course begins with an investigation of color and color relationships. The beginning of the semester will cover technical issues and develop the student's ability to create a convincing sense of form in space using mass, color, light and composition. The majority of work is from direct observation including object study, still life, landscape, interior and exterior space and the self portrait. Class problems advance sequentially with attention paid to perceptual clarity, the selection and development of imagery, the process of synthesis and translation, color, structure and composition, content and personal expression. Students will become familiar with contemporary and art historical precedent in order to familiarize them with the history of visual ideas and find appropriate solutions to their painting problems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR APPLIC OF STATISTIC", number:"null", id:"39928", path:"/courses/39928", description:"Principles and engineering applications of statistical inference. The basic topics covered are parameter estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing. Additional topics may include analysis of variance (ANOVA) and/or linear regression. Each method is treated both from theoretical and applied viewpoints, including software analysis of selected data sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL SIGNAL PROC", number:"null", id:"44138", path:"/courses/44138", description:"This course covers the fundamentals of discrete-time signals and systems and digital filters. Specific topics covered include: review of discrete-time signal and linear system representations in the time and frequency domain, and convolution; discrete-time Fourier transform (DTFT); Z-transforms; frequency response of linear discrete-time systems; sampling of continuous-time signals, analog to digital conversion, sampling-rate conversion; basic discrete-time filter structures and types; finite implulse response (FIR) and infinite impulse response (IIR) filters; design of FIR and IIR filters; discrete Fourier transform (DFT), the fast Fourier transform (FFT) algorithm and its applications in filtering and spectrum estimation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MACRO", number:"null", id:"37020", path:"/courses/37020", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. An examination of a market economy to provide an understanding of how the size and composition of national output are determined. Elements of monetary and fiscal policy, international trade, economic development, and comparative economic systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAPHIC DESIGN WITH CREATIVE TECHNOLOGIES", number:"null", id:"39971", path:"/courses/39971", description:"The aim of this course is to introduce students creative ways to use color, typography, and layout across new materials and media, ranging from print to physical objects. Students will explore visual design through a set of assignments and projects that are geared towards exploring the role of design in visual arts, interaction design, media design and architecture. The course introduces a number of design concepts such as content organization, navigation, interaction and data-driven design and show ways to develop new design metaphors, presentation techniques, and imagery using old and new technologies. course is structured as a combination of lectures and hands on workshops where students will have the chance to work both individually and collaboratively to realize their projects.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIAL STATS", number:"null", id:"45304", path:"/courses/45304", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you should be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY, HEALTH, AND SOCIAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"44693", path:"/courses/44693", description:"This course explores the impact of historical ideas, events, and actors on current issues in health and illness care. Topics include the movement from hospitals to health care systems; the changing definitions of professionalism and professional practice patterns; and the ways historical context shapes definitions of leadership roles and theoretical knowledge.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR HONORS SEM PSYCH", number:"null", id:"43421", path:"/courses/43421", description:"Open to senior honors candidates in psychology. A two-semester sequence supporting the preparation of an honors thesis in psychology. Students will present their work in progress and develop skills in written and oral communication of scientific ideas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLACIERS,ICE & CLIMATE: THE EARTH'S CRYOSPHERE & THE DYNAMICS OF GLACIERS & CLIMATE", number:"null", id:"37250", path:"/courses/37250", description:"All forms of frozen water at Earth's surface define the cryosphere. These icy environmnets are an integral part of the global climate system, with important linkages and feedbacks resulting from their influences on surface energy and moisture fluxes, clouds, precipitation, hydrology, and circulation in the atmosphere and oceans. This course will survey the various components of the cryosphere and their interactions with climate, with a strong emphasis on the dynamics of glaciers and ice sheets. Broad topics to be covered are 1)the rudimentary mechanics of glacier and ice sheet flow, 2)fast-flowing ice streams and factors limiting their motion, 3)ice-quakes and their origins, 4)the nature of climate data recorded in natural ice bodies, 5)the influence of climate on the stability of ice sheets and glaciers, and 6)glacier-like flow on other planetary bodies. This will be a lecture-based course with written assignmnets and problems sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPARATIVE POLITICS", number:"null", id:"44807", path:"/courses/44807", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to comparative political analysis. How can the political behavior, circumstances, institutions, and dynamic patterns of change that people experience in very different societies be analyzed using the same set of concepts and theories? Key themes include nationalism, political culture, democratization, authoritarianism, and the nature of protracted conflict.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORIES OF THE INFORMATION ECONOMY", number:"null", id:"44341", path:"/courses/44341", description:"Information may be accumulated or lost; it can be safeguarded or debased; it can confer power or undermine it. Consistently, this course provides a perspective on information as historical actor. Beyond neoliberal narratives of the progress of the information economy driven by technological factors, the course underscores the importance of value (social, political, economic) which is at the heart of information gathering and information production. The course approaches major works, dealing with the historical importance of information (Foucault, Innis, Habermas) and simultaneously discusses the rise and fall of institutions to store and circulate information. This is achieved through an empirical, narrative approach, via the study of historical processes such as imperialism, state building, propaganda, the police archives and the politics of memory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLASS SOC THEORY", number:"null", id:"39320", path:"/courses/39320", description:"This course will cover the founding classics of the sociological tradition including works of Tocqueville, Marx and Engels, Weber, Durkheim, Mauss, Simmel,and G.H.Mead. We will also examine how the major traditions have continued and transformed into theories of conflict, domination, resistance and social change; social solidarity, ritual and symbolism; symbolic interactionist and phenomenological theory of discourse, self and mind. This course satisfies the theory requirement for sociology majors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE PEOPLES HEALTH", number:"null", id:"38765", path:"/courses/38765", description:"While the scary threats of the momentin recent years, Ebola, MERS, swine flu, bioterrorismdominate media coverage of public health, most human suffering and death are driven by more mundane causes. This course critically addresses twenty-first-century public health science and policy by examining the long history (beginning with the plague epidemics of Renaissance Italy) that brought us to where we are today. Topics include responses to epidemics; socioeconomic, racial, and other disparities in health; occupational health; the rise of public health as a field of scientific inquiry; sanitary reform; the Bacteriological Revolution; the shift from disease causes to risk factors; and the rise of global health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL MELTDOWN, PAST AND PRESENT", number:"null", id:"41548", path:"/courses/41548", description:"Economic history is increasingly recognized as a crucial source of policy advice and is invoked with growing frequency in public debates. In particular, the subprime crisis in 2008 and after has generated a demand for 'historical perspective' that would improve the understanding of the causes of financial turmoil and facilitate the prevention of comparable catastrophes. This course begins with a review of the principal features of the subprime crisis of 2008 and asks, so to speak, 'how did we get there?' It answers by providing historical insights that shed light on crucial aspects of financial disasters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STORIES WE TELL: LATIN AMERICA AND THE SHORT STORY", number:"null", id:"44958", path:"/courses/44958", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL CASE STUDIES", number:"null", id:"37113", path:"/courses/37113", description:"A detailed, comprehensive investigation of selected environmental problems. Guest speakers from the government and industry will give their acccounts of various environmental cases. Students will then present information on a case study of their choosing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FILIPINO II", number:"null", id:"43675", path:"/courses/43675", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGENT-BASED MOD & SIM", number:"null", id:"41359", path:"/courses/41359", description:"Agents are a new technique for trying to model, simulate, and understand systems that are ill-structured and whose mathematics is initially unknown and possibly unknowable. This approach allows the analyst to assemble models of agents and components where micro-decision rules may be understood; to bring the agents and components together as a system where macro-behavior then emerges; and to use that to empirically probe and improve understanding of the whole, the interrelations of the components, and synergies. This approach helps one explore parametrics, causality, and what-ifs about socio-technical systems (technologies that must support people, groups, crowds, organizations, and societies). It is applicable when trying to model and understand human behavior - consumers, investors, passengers, plant operators, patients, voters, political leaders, terrorists, and so on. This course will allow students to investigate and compare increasingly complex agent based paradigms along three lines - math foundations, heuristic algorithms/knowledge representations, and empirical science. The student will gain a toolbox and methodology for attempting to represent and study complex socio-technical systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR APPLIC OF STATISTIC", number:"null", id:"38521", path:"/courses/38521", description:"Principles and engineering applications of statistical inference. The basic topics covered are parameter estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing. Additional topics may include analysis of variance (ANOVA) and/or linear regression. Each method is treated both from theoretical and applied viewpoints, including software analysis of selected data sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYS MODELS BIO SYSTEMS: Physical Models of Biological Systems", number:"null", id:"37771", path:"/courses/37771", description:"Classic case studies of successful reductionistic models of complex phenomena, emphasizing the key steps of making estimates, using them to figure out which physical variables and phenomena will be most relevant to a given system, finding analogies to purely physical systems whose behavior is already known, and embodying those in a mathematical model, which is often implemented in computer code. Topics may include bacterial genetics, genetic switches and oscillators; systems that sense or utilize light; superresolution and other newmicroscopy methods; and vision and other modes of sensory transduction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBALIZATION", number:"null", id:"40573", path:"/courses/40573", description:"Freshmen seminars are small, substantive courses taught by members of the faculty and open only to freshmen. These seminars offer an excellent opportunity to explore areas not represented in high school curricula and to establish relationships with faculty members around areas of mutual interest. See www.college.upenn.edu/admissions/freshmen.php", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY GERMAN I", number:"null", id:"38676", path:"/courses/38676", description:"Designed for the beginning student with no previous knowledge of German. German 101, as the first course in the first-year series, focuses on the development of language competence in listening, speaking, reading, and writing. By the end of the semester, students will be able to engage in simple conversations about familiar things, know greetings and everyday expressions, they will be ble to count and tell time, and negate sentences in day-to-day contexts. Furthermore, students will be able to speak about events that happened in the immediate past and express plans for the future. In addition, students will have developed reading strategies that allow them to glean information from simple newspaper and magazine articles and short literary texts. Because cultural knowledge is one of the foci of German 101, students will learn much about practical life in Germany and will explore German-speaking cultures on the Internet.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Digital Marketing and Electronic Commerce", number:"null", id:"44553", path:"/courses/44553", description:"The effect of the Internet and related technologies on business and social institutions is more profound than that of any prior invention, including the printing press and the internal combustion engine. Furthermore, marketing plays a key role in shaping the modern consumption-led economies fueled by these technologies. MKTG 727 provides a research-based and framework-driven approach to understanding digital marketing and electronic commerce.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL NORMS: Social Norms & Institutions", number:"null", id:"40533", path:"/courses/40533", description:"This is an undergraduate research seminar covering interdisciplinary research in psychology, philosophy, sociology and behavioral economics related to social norms. Social norms are informal institutions that regulate social life. We will devote particular attention to the following questions: 1. What is a good, operational definition of social norms? 2. Is there a difference between social and moral norms? 3. How can we measure whether a norm exists, and the conditions under which individuals are likely to comply with it? 4. Are behavioral experiments a good tool to answer question 3? 5. How do norms emerge? 6. How are norms abandoned? 7. What is the role of trendsetters in norm dynamics?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR DESIGN", number:"null", id:"38986", path:"/courses/38986", description:"Independent student or team research on the design and construction of an original experimental or theoretical project related to materials science. The results of this project are presented at the end of the year in the form of a thesis and in an oral presentation to peers and faculty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN N BAROQUE ART: RUBENS AND MYTHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36773", path:"/courses/36773", description:"Topic varies. 

Fall 2015: Built around an exhibition at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, focused on the 'Prometheus' by Peter Paul Rubens, this seminar will investigate the range of painted and sculpted works on Greco-Roman myths in European art and will also investigate the career of Peter Paul Rubens, particularly concerning myths.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPECTIVES ON ORGANIZATIONAL DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"35571", path:"/courses/35571", description:"'Perspectives' is both a fundamental and integrating course intended for MSOD students at any point in the program who wish to understand and deploy a multiplicty of dynamics operative in organizations and in the minds that create and inhabit them. It is particularly useful for those in their first year and for non-MSOD students. One key focus is on understanding the implicit mental and emotional frameworks or metaphors that 'inform' organizing so that we can virtually see more robust and complex approaches to effectiveness and to leadership within them. Several faculty members highlight their specialties. One special theme examines new management models and thinking frameworks designed to prevail in a 21st century context. Lectures, discussion, and experiential learning are used to build an informed grounding in the history, philosophy, theory and practice of Organizational Dynamics. The course requirements are active class participation, potential application projects/weekly journal, a midterm paper and a final paper. This course fills the following Organizational Dynamics requirements: Categories: F Concentrations: LMC,GL, OC, MSN, SD", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SOCIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40676", path:"/courses/40676", description:"We live in a country which places a premium on indivdual accomplishments. Hence, all of you worked extremely hard to get into Penn. Yet, social factors also have an impact on life chance. This class provides an oveview of how membership in social groups shapes the outcomes of individuals. We will look at a range of topics from the organizational factors which promoted racial inequality in Ferguson, Mo to the refusal of (mostly elite) parents to vaccinate their children. The experience of women and men in the labor market -- and the social factors that lead women to earn less than men -- is another interesting topic taken up in the course. Who gets ahead in America? Course requirements include a midterm, research paper (five to six pages), final and recitation activities. Students are not expected to have any previous knowledge of the topic. Welcome to the course!", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42447", path:"/courses/42447", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TYPOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"37176", path:"/courses/37176", description:"The study and practice of typography spans the history of individual letterforms through the typesetting of full texts. It is a complete immersion into type as an integral part of visual communication. Typesetting conventions and variables including legibility, readability, texture, color and hierarchy will be stressed, as well as a form for organizing information and expressing visual ideas. Studio work will include collecting and analyzing type, designing an original typeface, researching type history and experimenting with typographic forms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIO-MOLEC BIO LIFE", number:"null", id:"41031", path:"/courses/41031", description:"An intensive introductory lecture course covering the cell, molecular biology, biochemistry, and the genetics of animals, bacteria, and viruses. This course is comparable to Biology 101, but places greater emphasis on molecular mechanisms and experimental approaches. Particular attention is given to the ways in which modern cell biological and molecular genetic methods contribute to our understanding of evolutionary processes, the mechanistic basis of human disease, and recent biotechnological innovations. Students are encouraged to take BIOL 121 and 123 concurrently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHYSIOLOGY AND PATHOPHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40446", path:"/courses/40446", description:"This course will integrate advanced physiology with pathophysiology and clinical implications across the lifespan for advanced nursing practice. Organ systems function and dysfunction from the level of the cell through integrated organ levels will be presented, and the genetic basis of disease will be discussed. Recent scientific advances will be discussed with application to new approaches to disease and symptom management. The interrelationships between basic physiology, clinical pathophysiology, and genetics are emphasized through lecture and case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRAWING INVESTIGATIONS", number:"null", id:"35733", path:"/courses/35733", description:"Drawing is a fundamental means of visualization and a hub for thinking, constructing, and engaging in a wide variety of creative activities and problemsolving. This studio class explores drawing in both its traditional and contemporary forms. The projects are designed to help students in all disciplines find ways express and clarify their ideas through the process of drawing. The semester begins with the refinement of perceptual skills acquired in Drawing I, while encouraging experimentation through the introduction of color, abstract agendas, conceptual problem solving, and collaborative exercises, as well as new materials, techniques and large format drawings. Particular attention is given to ways to conduct visual research in the development of personal imagery. Assignments are thematic or conceptually based with ample opportunity for individual approaches to media, subject, scale and process. The goal is to strengthen facility, develop clarity in intent and expand expression. Attention is paid to the development of perceptual sensitivity, methods of imagage construction, and the processes of synthesis and transformation in order tocommunicate ideas through visual means. Recommended for students in all areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MICRO", number:"null", id:"42632", path:"/courses/42632", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. Theory of supply and demand, costs and revenues of the firm under perfect competition, monopoly and oligopoly, pricing of factors of production, income distribution, and theory of international trade. Econ 1 deals primarily with microeconomics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY,OIL&GLOBAL WARMIN: Energy, Oil, and Global Warming", number:"null", id:"37761", path:"/courses/37761", description:"The developed world's dependence on fossil fuels for energy production has extremely undesirable economic, environmental, and political consequences, and is likely to be mankind's greatest challenge in the 21st century. We describe the physical principles of energy, its production and consumption, and environmental consequences, including the greenhouse effect. We will examine a number of alternative modes of energy generation - fossil fuels, biomass, wind, solar, hydro, and nuclear - and study the physical and technological aspects of each, and their societal, environmental and economic impacts over the construction and operational lifetimes. No previous study of physics is assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IN CONTEMPORARY FICTION", number:"null", id:"37081", path:"/courses/37081", description:"This course explores an aspect of the novel intensively, asking how novels work and what they do to us and for us. Specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MIDEAST THRU MANY LENSES", number:"null", id:"37605", path:"/courses/37605", description:"This freshman seminar introduces the contemporary Middle East by drawing upon cutting-edge studies written from a variety of disciplinary perspectives. These include history, political science, and anthropology, as well as studies of mass media, sexuality, religion, urban life, and the environment. We will spend the first few weeks of the semester surveying major trends in modern Middle Eastern history. We will spend subsequent weeks intensively discussing assigned readings along with documentary films that we will watch in class. The semester will leave students with both a foundation in Middle Eastern studies and a sense of current directions in the field.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR PROJECT", number:"null", id:"35505", path:"/courses/35505", description:"Continuation of CIS 400. Design and implementation of a significant piece of work: software, hardware or theory. Students are required to submit a final written report and give a final presentation and demonstration of their project. Grades are based on the report, the presentation and the satisfactory completion of the project. These are evaluated by the Project Adviser and the Course Instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY FINANCE", number:"null", id:"44194", path:"/courses/44194", description:"The objective of this course is to provide students with detailed knowledge of corporate structures, valuation methods, project finance, risk management practices, corporate governance issues, and geo-political risks in the energy industry. In general, this course seeks to provide students with an overall context for understanding energy issues and risks, and how these might affect financing and investment decisions for both providers of energy and end-users of energy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO INTL RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"42017", path:"/courses/42017", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE TRANSFORMATION OF URBAN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"45012", path:"/courses/45012", description:"The course traces the economic, social, and political history of American cities after World War II. It focuses on how the economic problems of the industrial city were compounded by the racial conflicts of the 1950s and 1960s and the fiscal crises of the 1970s. The last part of the course examines the forces that have led to the revitalization of cities in recent years.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LABOR ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"41256", path:"/courses/41256", description:"Labor supply and labor demand, income distribution, labor market contracts and work incentives, human capital, labor market discrimination, job training and unemployment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HONORS CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"42483", path:"/courses/42483", description:"An advanced course for students who have had very strong background in Chemistry in High School (AP, IB, or equivalent). Advanced material from the general chemistry curriculum will be covered in the context topics selected from current research areas. A continuation of CHEM 114/115, CHEM 116 will focus on topics in biochemistry and biophysical chemistry relating to thermodynamics,equilibrium, kinetics, and electrochemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTISM EPIDEMIC", number:"null", id:"37354", path:"/courses/37354", description:"The CDC estimates that 1 in 150 children have autism. Three decades ago, this number was 1 in 5,000. The communities in which these children are identified in ever increasing numbers are ill prepared to meet their needs. Scientists have struggled to understand the causes of this disorder, its treatment, and why it appears to be rapidly increasing. Families, policy makers, schools and the healthcare system have argued bitterly in the press and in the courts about the best way to cre for these children and the best ways to pay for this care. In this class, we will use autism as a case study to understnad how psychiatric and developmental disorders of childhood come to be defined over time, their biologocal and environmental causes identified, and treatments developed. We will also discuss the identification and care of these children in the broader context of the American education and healthcare systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FREAKS AND GEEKS", number:"null", id:"39788", path:"/courses/39788", description:"In life as in fashion, either you are in or you are out. Except in life, the inside and the outside are always changing, depending on who makes the rules, where the inside is situated, who is doing the displaying. In this course, we will explore who the freaks are and who who they were, where they can be found, how they came to be defined, and how this changed. Starting with the nineteenth-century freakshow, we move through time charting outsiders and their representations, including male and female hysterics, war wounded, medical 'cases,' and the mentally ill. As we progress through the twentieth century, will discuss subcultures and alternative communities, thinking through the rise of 'geek chic' and the dominance of the computer geek as a reversal of traditional trends. We will discuss current models of the exhibition of human types, including bodyworlds and The Learning Channel programming. As we circle around our own moment in time, we will ask: who are the freaks today? This interdisciplinary course will incorporate historical primary source documents, scholarly secondary works, a range of creative materials including films , plays, television shows, and works of art.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Speech Writing", number:"null", id:"35837", path:"/courses/35837", description:"Leaders need to know how to express themselves with clarity and conviction--in a meeting with five people or in a public forum with five hundred. Whether you're writing for yourself or someone else, this course will provide the basics of speech writing and give you the opportunity to write, revise and deliver a variety of different speeches. You will also be given the opportunity to answer audience questions after your speeches. The emphasis will be on preparing and giving longer speeches where a prepared text or speaking notes would be advisable. In this performance course, you will examine and learn from great speeches--from the classics down to the present. Your speeches will be videotaped and you will receive feedback from both the instructor as well as your peers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INFECTIOUS DISEASES", number:"null", id:"36805", path:"/courses/36805", description:"This course will examine the interactions between human beings, their organs and cells, and various infectious agents such as bacteria, viruses, fungi and parasites. The biological, societal and historical factors influencing these interactions will be analyzed and emerging infectious diseases will be particularly studied. Important infectious pathogenic agents will be surveyed in terms of their physiological functions, properties that permit them to be pathogens, pathogenesis of infections, clinical pictures of the disease states, therapeutic agents, and methods of prevention of infection. Each student will choose an infectious disease, and make an oral and written presentation on it and in this way will learn how to keep up with the topic of infectious diseases. 

Special requirements: Juniors and seniors only; all students need permission of the instructor, Dr. Helen Davies. ALL students must send Dr. Davies an e-mail message explaining their background and why they want to take the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WEIGHT MGMT:OBESITY TRTM: Weight Management: Principles and Practices of Obesity Treatment", number:"null", id:"44645", path:"/courses/44645", description:"This course focuses on the principles and theories guiding the clinical care and treatment of people with obesity across the lifespan. We will discuss the effectiveness and evidence-base supporting a variety of obesity treatments diet, physical activity, behavioral therapy, pharmacological, surgical, and combined approaches. Emphasis will be placed on the practical aspects of providing obesity education and counseling to assist individuals and families in attaining and maintaining a healthy weight.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"42679", path:"/courses/42679", description:"This is a workshop for students who are interested in exploring a variety of approaches to poetry. Students will encounter a diverse series of readings, in-class writing activities, weekly writing assignments, and creative methods for heightening your abilities as a reader and writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECHANICS OF SOLIDS", number:"null", id:"40285", path:"/courses/40285", description:"This course builds on the fundamentals of solid mechanics taught in MEAM 210 and addresses more advanced problems in strength of materials. The students will be exposed to a wide array of applications from traditional engineering disciplines as well as emerging areas such as biotechnology and nanotechnology. The methods of analysis developed in this course will form the cornerstone of machine design and also more advanced topics in the mechanics of materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POETRY WRITING WORKSHOP", number:"null", id:"44056", path:"/courses/44056", description:"This is a workshop for students who are interested in exploring a variety of approaches to poetry. Students will encounter a diverse series of readings, in-class writing activities, weekly writing assignments, and creative methods for heightening your abilities as a reader and writer.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL ECONOMY", number:"null", id:"39838", path:"/courses/39838", description:"This course examines the political and economic determinants of government policies. The course presents economic arguments for government action in the private economy. How government decides policies via simple majority voting, representative legislatures, and executive veto and agenda-setting politics will be studied. Applications include government spending and redistributive policies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING HINDI & URDU II", number:"null", id:"38718", path:"/courses/38718", description:"Beginning in the fall semester of 2014 Beginning Hindi and Beginning Urdu will be merged into a single course, Beginning Hindi-Urdu. At the beginning level spoken Urdu and Hindi are identical except for a few minor points. The broad outline of the course will thus remain the same as that of the current Beginning Hindi and Urdu courses. Students will learn to communicate with the language in a variety of everyday culturally authentic situations. Additional Urdu and Hindi culture will be integrated through authentic materials such as Bollywood film and music clips, and simple written texts. There will be equal emphasis on both scripts and cultures, and parallel written materials will be provided in both scripts. Students will be expected to develop first-year proficiency in one script of their choice, and will be encouraged to learn both. By merging the two courses students will be exposed to a broader range of linguistic and cultural styles, and students will thus have the opportunity to develop a deeper understanding that more closely resembles that of Hindi and Urdu native speakers. Please direct further inquiries to Josh Pien at jpien@sas.upenn.edu", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPLEMENTARY/ALTERNATIVE THERAPIES IN WOMEN'S HEALTH", number:"null", id:"37685", path:"/courses/37685", description:"The dramatic rise in the use of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) by the American public requires that the contemporary health care practitioner have an awareness of CAM therapies and modalities currently available. The end result of this is course will not be proficiency in the practice of any of these modalities in particular, but rather a basic understanding of each approach to common conditions and their potential contribution to health and well-being. The focus of the CAM modalities discussed in this course will center on their use in women's health care provision.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO LITERARY ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"43524", path:"/courses/43524", description:"By helping students develop skills to carefully read and analyze Spanish literary works, Spanish 223 prepares them for upper-level courses and study abroad. After reviewing the main elements and conventions of the most popular genres (narrative, poetry, theater and essay), students become familiarized with current theoretical approaches to the study of literature with the purpose of applying them to their own analytical writing. The last weeks of the semester are devoted to the reading of a well-crafted detective novel and the examination of both its formal features and its ideological underpinnings. Throughout the course, students will have ample opportunities to hone their skills through the close reading and class discussion of varied and stimulating literary works produced by canonical and non-canonical Hispanic authors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"43284", path:"/courses/43284", description:"This course is the second of two residencies that provide the nurse anesthetist student the opportunity to attain competencies within the Certified Registered Nurse Anesthesia (CRNA) scope of practice. Throughout the residency, the nurse anesthesia resident will utilize appropriate clinical judgment to manage the complex medical, physical and psychosocial needs of clients in the perioperative phases. Further refinement of the patient assessment, anesthesia administration, and critical thinking skills is emphasized. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients throughout the continuum of health care services. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the independence of the CRNA student. Collaborative practice within a care team model is emphasized and the student assumes more overall responsibility for the quality of care for the patients throughout the perioperative experience, with clinical support as required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO HUMAN EVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"35273", path:"/courses/35273", description:"How did humans evolve? When did humans start to walk on two legs? How are humans related to non-human primates? This course focuses on the scientific study of human evolution describing the emergence, development, and diversification of our species, Homo sapiens. First we cover the fundamental principles of evolutionary theory and some of the basics of genetics and heredity as they relate to human morphological, physiological, and genetic variation. We then examine what studies of nonhuman primates (monkeys and apes) can reveal about our own evolutionary past, reviewing the behavioral and ecological diversity seen among living primates. We conclude the course examining the 'hard' evidence of human evolution - the fossil and material culture record of human history from our earliest primate ancestors to the emergence of modern Homo sapiens. You will also have the opportunity, during recitations, to conduct hands-on exercises collecting and analyzing behavioral, morphological, and genetic data on both humans and nonhuman primates and working with the Department of Anthropology's extensive collection of fossil casts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMEDIATE SPAN", number:"null", id:"44945", path:"/courses/44945", description:"During the spring semester, Spanish 134 is limited to those students who have satisfied the language requirement in another language. During the summer, (at the Penn campus and the Penn-in-Buenos Aires Summer Abroad Program), Spanish 134 is open to all students. Spanish 134 is an intensive intermediate-level language course that covers the material presented in Spanish 130 and Spanish 140. The course emphasizes the development of the four canonical skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in a meaningful context. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense and major uses of the subjunctive, and the development of writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BECOMING HUMAN", number:"null", id:"35279", path:"/courses/35279", description:"Human evolutionary studies is a composite product of the fieldwork of both Paleolithic archaeology and human paleontology (or what we refer to as 'stones and bones'). This marriage of two subdisciplines of anthropology produces a unique set of data that is intellectually managed and driven by theories within anthropology as a whole and even beyond -- to fields such as biology, psychology, and primate ethology, as we try to understand the origins of language, culture, and our unique physical characteristics. In this course, we will jointly discuss and debate the actual evidence of human evolution, describing what the actual evidence is and exploring how far can we take these interpretations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"38226", path:"/courses/38226", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ANALYSIS", number:"null", id:"43091", path:"/courses/43091", description:"Continuation of Math 508. The Arzela-Ascoli theorem. Introduction to the topology of metric spaces with an emphasis on higher dimensional Euclidean spaces. The contraction mapping principle. Inverse and implicit function theorems. Rigorous treatment of higher dimensional differential calculus. Introduction to Fourier analysis and asymptotic methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE SCIENTIFIC REVOLUTIO", number:"null", id:"36578", path:"/courses/36578", description:"'During the 16th and 17th centuries, something that resembled modern science emerged from something that did not. Though the nature and cause of that transition are contested, there were unquestionably many pivotal develoments in the content and conduct of science, and it is in this period that many of the 'founding' figures of science, from Copernicus to Galileo to Newton, are identified. This course will examine the many elements that went into the transition, including the revolution in cosmology, the revolt against ancient natural philosophy, the rise of experimentalism, the new philosophies of inquiry, new social structures for natural inquiry and the conceptual foundations of classical physics.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORK& WORKERS IN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"42945", path:"/courses/42945", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES I WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"44773", path:"/courses/44773", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are: Classical laws of motions; interactions between particles; conservation laws and symmetry principles; particle and rigid body motion; gravitation, harmonic motion, and applications of mechanics to real-world problems. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND LAW", number:"null", id:"39255", path:"/courses/39255", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO COMP SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"41137", path:"/courses/41137", description:"You know how to program, but do you know how computers really work? How do millions of transistors come together to form a complete computing system? This bottom-up course begins with transistors and simple computer hardware structures, continues with low-level programming using primitive machine instructions, and finishes with an introduction to the C programming language. This course is a broad introduction to all aspects of computer systems architecture and serves as the foundation for subsequent computer systems courses, such as Digital Systems Organization and Design (CIS 371), Computer Operating Systems (CIS 380), and Compilers and Interpreters (CIS 341).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARAMETRIC MODELING AND CONSTRUCTION II", number:"null", id:"42355", path:"/courses/42355", description:"Building materials and the architectural practice have evolved over time but the fundamental processes of construction have remained grounded in the original principles. This course will advance the methods studies in ARCH 437 by examining typical materials and constructionon of 'integration' or 'high performance' concepts are developed through highly interactive relations between architects and engineers. The integration is influenced primarily by the 'process' of collaboration. This process has been imbued by advancements in computational technology that narrowed the gap between the design actors, including architects and engineers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH EQUITY: CONCEPTUAL, LINGUISTIC, METHODOLOGICAL, AND ETHICAL ISSUES", number:"null", id:"39109", path:"/courses/39109", description:"The course focuses on advanced analysis and evaluation of theories, concepts, and methods related to health equity. Topic areas include models and frameworks of health equity; linguistic choices related to equity, disparity, and vulnerability; role of economics, class, gender, sex, sexuality, race, and ethnicity; health equity in special populations; and issues in health policy, research ethics, and research methods. Emphasis is on advanced discourse and analysis of health equity theory and research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING GUJARATI I", number:"null", id:"37282", path:"/courses/37282", description:"During the first year of Gujarati, major emphasis is placed on acquiring phonetics, grammatical patterns, and basic vocabulary. These goals are accomplished through guided drills and conversations accompanied by formal instruction on Gujarati grammar. From the outset, students are also taught the Gujarati writing system, which is used for all materials. By the end of the first year of instruction, student should be able to carry on coherent conversations on selected topics, read simple texts and compose short pieces in Gujarati.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV FR GRAM & COMP", number:"null", id:"44231", path:"/courses/44231", description:"Intensive review of grammar integrated into writing practice. A good knowledge of basic French grammar is a prerequisite (French 202 or equivalent is recommended). Conducted entirely in French, the course will study selected grammatical difficulties of the French verbal and nominal systems including colloquial usage. Frequent oral and written assignments with opportunity for rewrites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"KOREAN/HERITGE SPKRS II", number:"null", id:"44391", path:"/courses/44391", description:"This course is a continuation of KORN 131 and aims to further develop students' linguistic and cultural competence by building on materials covered in KORN 131. In addition to gaining a deeper understanding of Korean culture, the course focuses on enhancing linguistic accuracy and fluency in both spoken and written Korean. Particular emphasis will be placed on building a meaningful Korean-speaking community, as well as consolidation of grammar structures, and expansion and enhancement of vocabulary. Topics include preparing for a trip to Korea, finding housing, college culture in Korea, entertainment and participating in various social events. Upon completion of this course, students will be able to express themselves more accurately and participate in Korea-related communities more meaningfully. This course completes the College language requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING CUSTOMER VALUE", number:"null", id:"43146", path:"/courses/43146", description:"As the concept of CRM becomes common parlance for every marketing executive, it is useful to take a step back to better understand the various different behaviors that underlie the development of successful CRM systems. These 'behaviors' include customer-level decisions, firm actions, and the delicate but complex interplay between the two. Accordingly this course is comprised of four main modules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING TOWARD DIASPORA", number:"null", id:"45150", path:"/courses/45150", description:"A creative writing workshop devoted to writing in and across various social, political, geographical, and historical contexts. Offerings may include Writing Toward Diaspora, Writing the City, Writing and the Environment, or other topics and themes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The History of Women and Men of African Descent at the University of Penn", number:"null", id:"43651", path:"/courses/43651", description:"Topics Vary. See the Africana Studies Program's website at www.sas.upenn.edu/africana for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DSGN OF MECHATRONIC SYS", number:"null", id:"41711", path:"/courses/41711", description:"In many modern systems, mechanical elements are tightly coupled with electronic components and embedded computers. Mechatronics is the study of how these domains are interconnected, and this hands-on, project-based course provides an integrated introduction to the fundamental components within each of the three domains, including: mechanical elements (prototyping, materials, actuators and sensors, transmissions, and fundamental kinematics), electronics(basic circuits, filters, op amps, discrete logic, and interfacing with mechanielements), and computing (interfacing with the analog world, microprocessor technology, basic control theory, and programming).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD WAR I", number:"null", id:"44340", path:"/courses/44340", description:"This survey course examines the outbreak, conduct, and aftermath of the First World War. The First World War put an end to the world of the 19th century and laid the foundations of the 20th century, the age of destruction and devastation. This course will examine the war in three components: the long-term and immediate causes of the First World War; the war's catastrophic conduct, on the battlefield and on the home front; and the war's devastating aftermath. While we will discuss military operations and certain battles, this course is not a military history of the war; it covers the social, economic, political and diplomatic aspects that contributed to the war's outbreak and made possible its execution over four devastating years. No preliminary knowledge or coursework is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"37768", path:"/courses/37768", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MACROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"39831", path:"/courses/39831", description:"Facts and theories about the determination of per capita income and its differences across countries and across time. The study of economic fluctuations in output and employment. The role of government in influencing these aggregate variables: monetary and fiscal policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"42216", path:"/courses/42216", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABSTRACT ALGEBRA", number:"null", id:"37477", path:"/courses/37477", description:"An introduction to groups, rings, fields and other abstract algebraic systems, elementary Galois Theory, and linear algebra -- a more theoretical course than Math 370.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISEASE & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37362", path:"/courses/37362", description:"What is disease? In this seminar students will ask and answer this question by analyzing historical documents, scientific reports, and historical scholarship (primarily 19th and 20th century U.S. and European). We will look at disease from multiple perspectives -- as a biological process, clinical entity, population phenomenon, historical actor and personal experience. We will pay special attention to how diseases have been recognized, diagnosed, named and classified in different eras, cultures and professional settings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AERODYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"40295", path:"/courses/40295", description:"Review of fluid kinematics and conservation laws; vorticity theorems; two-dimensional potential flow; airfoil theory; finite wings; oblique shocks; supersonic wing theory; laminar and turbulent boundary layers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"44000", path:"/courses/44000", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS RESEARCH: Design Fundamentals and Applications", number:"null", id:"39438", path:"/courses/39438", description:"WH 150 provides an introduction to all stages of the research process for business topics. In the first third of the course, we discuss theory building, hypothesis development, and research design choices particularly in casual research. In the second third, we discuss data collection methods (e.g., surveys, experiments, case studies and fieldwork) and the use of archival databases. This part of the cours emphasizes the interplay between research design and sampling/data collection methods. In the final third of the course, we introduce data analysis and interpretation, including methods for converting raw data into measurable constructs suited to statistical analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSCI: MASS INCARCERATION", number:"null", id:"38036", path:"/courses/38036", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Political Science, the study and analysis of political activities, political behavior, political thought, and systems of government. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANCIENT SEAFARING", number:"null", id:"39759", path:"/courses/39759", description:"This course explores ships, seafaring, and seafarers of the ancient Greek world from the Bronze Age (Minoans and Mycenaeans) to the Age of Alexander (Hellenistic period). Sources include shipwrecks and related artifacts, artistic representations, and ancient literature. The emphasis is not so much on the technical aspects of shipbuilding and navigation as on the ways that seafaring shaped Greek history and connected the Greeks to a wider world through trade, warfare, colonization, and adventure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EUROPE& WORLD SINCE 1914", number:"null", id:"42962", path:"/courses/42962", description:"This course looks at Europe's interactions with other world regions throughout the twentieth century. Over the course of roughly a hundred years, Europeans have shaped the fates of peoples living beyond the western world, for instance through the impact of two world wars, European colonialism, and the global Cold War. At the same time, European societies 'at home' were not left unaffected by these interactions. Even today, Europeans are facing the legacies of some of these histories in immigration and the politics of religion and secularism for example. The past century also saw a dramatic shift in Europe's position in the world - from dominance to a loss of influence in the shadow of the United States and more recently, China.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASIAN AMER IN CONTEMP SO: Asian Americans in Contemporary Society", number:"null", id:"42125", path:"/courses/42125", description:"This class will introduce you to sociological research of Asian Americans and engage in the 'model minority' stereotype. We begin by a brief introduction to U.S. immigration history and sociological theories about assimilation and racial stratification. The class will also cover research on racial and ethnic identity, educational stratification, mass media images, interracial marriage, multiracials, transracial adoption, and the viability of an Asian American panethnic identity. We will also examine the similarities and differences of Asian Americans relative to other minority groups.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37476", path:"/courses/37476", description:"Point set topology: metric spaces and topological spaces, compactness, connectedness, continuity, extension theorems, separation axioms, quotient spaces, topologies on function spaces, Tychonoff theorem. Fundamental groups and covering spaces, and related topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAG DECSN MAKING", number:"null", id:"39134", path:"/courses/39134", description:"The course is built around lectures reviewing multiple empirical studies, class discussion,and a few cases. Depending on the instructor, grading is determined by some combination of short written assignments, tests, class participation and a final project (see each instructor's syllabus for details).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"41053", path:"/courses/41053", description:"This course is designed for advanced undergraduate and graduate students who are interested in molecular physiology of sensory signal transduction. The major topics to cover will be signal transduction mechanisms used by membrane ion channels and receptors that detect the sensory stimuli (light, sound, temperature and taste, for example) and transmit the signals to the nervous system. Modern molecular/structural techniques (patch clamp, protein crystallization, molecular genetics, expression cloning and protein purification) will be introduced along with each topic. References will be primary research articles. Students will critically evaluate research discoveries by reading and presenting one to two original research papers. Each student is required to write a 10-page research proposal and to critique proposals written by fellow students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VICTORIAN BRITAIN: SPACES, PLACES, AND PESTS", number:"null", id:"40138", path:"/courses/40138", description:"In this course, we will examine the nooks and crannies of Victorian society. It was a period of squalor, but also innovation, devastating diseases, and crucial advances in public health and medical science. Its cities featured depressing slums and lurid crimes, but also new kinds of spectacles, entertainments, and commodities. It was, in many ways, as one of its greatest authors wrote, 'the best of times, and the worst of times.' Units under study will include 'The Docks,' 'The Germs,' 'The Empire,' 'The Church,' and 'the Museum.' We'll investigate killer diseases like cholera and typhus, dazzling buildings like the Crystal Palace, imperial wars and crises, and new scientific movements like Darwinism and mesmerism. Along the way, we will encounter proper and eminent Victorians as well as scandalous and marginalized ones. The aim will be to understand Victorian mentalities and ideas by looking at a diverse array of institutions and inventions. Readings will include novels, stories, pamphlets, essays, and cartoons as well as secondary literature. Classes will be a mixture of lecture and discussion, and no previous experience in British history is necessary.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRODUCT DESIGN", number:"null", id:"45269", path:"/courses/45269", description:"This course provides tools and methods for creating new products. The course is intended for students with a strong career interest in new product development , entrepreneurship, and/or technology development. The course follows an overall product design methodology, including the identification of customer needs, generation of product concepts, prototyping, and design-for-manufacturing. Weekly student assignments are focused on the design of a new product and culminate in the creation of a prototype, which is launched at an end-of-semester public Design Fair. The course project is a physical good - but most of the tools and methods apply to services and software products. The course is open to any Penn sophomore, junior, senior or graduate student.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GREAT TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"38086", path:"/courses/38086", description:"This course explores the history and archaeology of the last 20,000 years from the development of agriculture to the industrial revolution. Why did people across the world abandon foraging for farming? How and why did cities and states develop? Why did societies succeed or fail? How have humans transformed themselves and the natural world, including the landscape and the climate? We will explore the methods that archaeologists use to consider these questions and analyze evidence for social and economic change from the Middle East, the Americas, Asia, Africa, Australia and Europe. In addition, students will have a chance to conduct hands-on exercises with artifacts from the Penn Museum and an opportunity to do some experimental archaeology during recitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ROMANTIC PERIOD: ROMANTIC REVOLUTIONS", number:"null", id:"42661", path:"/courses/42661", description:"This course offers an introduction to the literature of the Romantic period (ca. 1770-1830). Some versions of this course will incorporate European romantic writers, while others will focus exclusively on Anglo-American romanticism, and survey authors such as Austen, Blake, Brockden Brown, Byron, Coleridge, Emerson, Irving, Keats, Radcliffe, Scott, Shelley, and Wordsworth.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AGACNP:PRF ROLE CLN PRAC: PROFESSIONAL ROLE & CLINICAL PRACTICUM FOR PRIMARY CARE PREPARED PROVIDERS", number:"null", id:"40485", path:"/courses/40485", description:"This online didactic course and accompanying clinical fieldwork focuses on issues essential to the implementation of the role of the Adult Gerontology Acute Care Nurse Practitioner. Clinical fieldwork focuses on the unique assessment, diagnosis, management and evaluation of acutely, critically and complex chronically-ill adults, across the adult age continuum, experiencing acute, urgent and emergent conditions, using both physiologically and technologically derived data. Evaluating for physiologic instability and potential life-threatening conditions is emphasized. Attention is given to the typical and atypical presentation of syndromes and constellation of symptoms exhibited by adults and older adults experiencing complex acute, critical and complex chronic illness. Issues related to the transition of patients through the health care system are explored. Collaboration between the nurse practitioner, patient, family and interprofessional healthcare team are encouraged.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ZULU I", number:"null", id:"39493", path:"/courses/39493", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CROWDSOURCING & HUM COMP", number:"null", id:"39027", path:"/courses/39027", description:"Crowdsourcing and human computation are emerging fields that sit squarely at the intersection of economics and computer science. They examine how people can be used to solve complex tasks that are currently beyond the capabilities of artificial intelligence algorithms. Online marketplaces like Mechanical Turk and CrowdFlower provide an infrastructure that allows micropayments to be given to people in return for completing human intelligence tasks. This opens up previously unthinkable possibilities like people being used as function calls in software We will investigate how crowdsourcing can be used for computer science applications like machine learning, next-generation interfaces, and data mining. Beyond these computer science aspects, we will also delve into topics like prediction markets, how businesses can capitalize on collective intelligence, and the fundamental principles that underlie democracy and other group decision-making processes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN AEG BRONZE AGE: Minoan and Cycladic Wall Paintings in Context", number:"null", id:"39566", path:"/courses/39566", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATGIC MKTG SIMULATION", number:"null", id:"44547", path:"/courses/44547", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, Marketing 613 is an intensive immersion course designed to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The central activity will be participation in a realistic integrative product management simulation named SABRE. In SABRE, students will form management teams that oversee all critical aspects of modern product management: the design and marketing of new products, advertising budgeting and design, sales force sizing and allocation, and production planning. As in the real world, teams will compete for profitability, and the success that each team has in achieving this goal will be a major driver of the class assessment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPOSITION II: CONTEMP", number:"null", id:"43183", path:"/courses/43183", description:"Studies in seleted 20th and 21st century compositional practices. Possible topics may include symmetry in post-tonal harmony; composing for piano; the sonata in the 20th century. Course includes analysis of relevant pieces and student compositional projects reflecting course topic.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IDEAS IN MATHEMATICS", number:"null", id:"37462", path:"/courses/37462", description:"Topics from among the following: logic, sets, calculus, probability, history and philosophy of mathematics, game theory, geometry, and their relevance to contemporary science and society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE: Advanced Synthesis and Spectroscopy Lab", number:"null", id:"36871", path:"/courses/36871", description:"Advanced laboratory work on the synthesis, structure, and properties of organic and inorganic compounds. Infrared, ultraviolet, and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Lectures cover the theoretical basis and applications of modern spectroscopic methods.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT OF ADULT GERONTOLOGY ACUTE CARE PATIENTS I", number:"null", id:"40483", path:"/courses/40483", description:"This on-line, didactic course is designed for the practicing nurse practitioner or clinical nurse specialist who seeks to gain additional knowledge and skills related to the care of adult gerontology acutely ill patients with a specific focus on cardiovascular and pulmonary systems, thoracic issues, infectious processes, wound healing and diabetes. Particular focus is placed on specific issues related to the older adult such as frailty, dehydration, loss of functional mobility, falls, and other geriatric syndromes.The basics of ECG, CXR and PFT interpretation, ABG analysis and ventilator modes are highlighted. This course examines the epidemiologic, assessment, diagnostic, management and evaluation of acutely or critically ill adults across the adult-older adult age spectrum. An evidence-based approach to nursing and medical management including pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic modalities is emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED 3D MODELING", number:"null", id:"38583", path:"/courses/38583", description:"Advanced 3-D Modeling will give students the opportunity to refine skills in modeling, texturing, lighting and rendering with an emphasis on the evolution of ideas through constant revision based on class critique. Students will use a variety of industry standard software packages, including, but not limited to Maya and Mudbox to compose complex environments. Projects are designed to give students the opportunity to work with original content within a simulated production environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"35436", path:"/courses/35436", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 100.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOUND STRUCTURE OF LANG", number:"null", id:"43057", path:"/courses/43057", description:"An introduction to phonetics and phonology. Topics include articulatory phonetics (the anatomy of the vocal tract; how speech sounds are produced); transcription (conventions for representing the sounds of the world's languages); classification (how speech sounds are classified and represented cognitively through distinctive features); phonology (the grammar of speech sounds in various languages: their patterning and interaction) and syllable structure and its role in phonology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC", number:"null", id:"36287", path:"/courses/36287", description:"This course is the second of two residencies that provide the nurse anesthetist student the opportunity to attain competencies within the Certified Registered Nurse Anesthesia (CRNA) scope of practice. Throughout the residency, the nurse anesthesia resident will utilize appropriate clinical judgment to manage the complex medical, physical and psychosocial needs of clients in the perioperative phases. Further refinement of the patient assessment, anesthesia administration, and critical thinking skills is emphasized. Students progress by providing anesthesia care for patients throughout the continuum of health care services. The guidance of CRNA faculty preceptors contributes to the development of the independence of the CRNA student. Collaborative practice within a care team model is emphasized and the student assumes more overall responsibility for the quality of care for the patients throughout the perioperative experience, with clinical support as required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THIS IS YOUR GENOME! FASCINATING EXPERIMENTS IN HEREDITY", number:"null", id:"36816", path:"/courses/36816", description:"Your genome represents the complete set of genetic instructions that guides your development from a single cell into a living, thinking, and reproducing organism. This course will examine the ideas that led to our current understanding of genomes with particular emphasis on the molecular biology that revolutionized our concepts of gene and genome structure and function. We will fast-forward through the heredity/chromosome/DNA/gene-structure era and spend some time in the genome-sequencing era of the late 1990s and early 2000s. We will then consider how genome science is revolutionizing our understanding of gene variation, human disease, population biology and evolution. The course will include field trips to the Penn genomic core facilities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV STUDY-ORGAN EFFECT: Collaborative Innovation Program", number:"null", id:"44535", path:"/courses/44535", description:"Business success is increasingly driven by a firm's ability to create and capture value through innovation. Thus, the processes used by firms to develop innovations, the choices they make regarding how to commercialize their innovations, the changes they make to their business models to adapt to the dynamic environment, and the strategies they use to position and build a dominate competitive position are important issues facing firms. In MGMT. 892, you will learn to address these issues through an action learning approach. MGMT. 892 is a 1.0-credit course conducted in the spirit of an independent study. By working on consulting projects for leading global companies, you will develop and then apply your knowledge about innovation management and help these firms better understand the challenges and opportunities posed by emerging technologies and markets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH II", number:"null", id:"40024", path:"/courses/40024", description:"French 140 is the second half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"37908", path:"/courses/37908", description:"After introducing students to the major theoretical concepts concerning law and society, significant controversial societal issues that deal with law and the legal systems both domestically and internationally will be examined. Class discussions will focus on issues involving civil liberties, the organization of courts, legislatures, the legal profession and administrative agencies. Although the focus will be on law in the United States, law and society in other countries of Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America will be covered in a comparative context. Readings included research reports, statutes and cases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMIC ANALYSIS OF LAW", number:"null", id:"36017", path:"/courses/36017", description:"The course is designed to teach students how to think as an economist about legal rules; to evaluate alternative legal rules against standards of economic efficiency and distributive justice; and to understand the nature of the legal process and several specific areas of the law. With the use of alternative texts, both deductive and inductive reasoning will be employed to study the formation and interpretation of legal rules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY NATIVE AMERICANS", number:"null", id:"43702", path:"/courses/43702", description:"This course examines the social and political lives of contemporary Native American Indians in the United States and Canada. Topics include: Indigenous identity; homelands and natural resources; popular culture and media; Indigenous arts and cultural expression; museum representations; athletics; gender relations; tribal recognition and sovereignty; and resistance movements. We will consider the origins of federal programs and legislation that have become essential to the protection of Native American freedoms. Students can expect to gain an appreciation of the complexity and cultural diversity of Native communities and tribal nations and insights into their interactions with other cultures over time.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AD PRIN OF NANS:SURGERY: Advanced Principles of Nurse Anesthesia Practice: Specialty Surgery", number:"null", id:"44667", path:"/courses/44667", description:"Integrates basic physiology and clinical pathophysiology for graduate nursing students. Whenever possible basic physiologic concepts will be used to illustrate specific pathophysiological problems. The interrelationships between clinical pathophysiology and basic physiology are emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN COML: COSTUMES & IDENTITY", number:"null", id:"45060", path:"/courses/45060", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Comparative Literature, the interdisciplinary study of literature and cultural expression. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOENGINEERING SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"39578", path:"/courses/39578", description:"Properties of signals and systems; Examples of biological and biomedical signal and systems; Signal operations, continuous and discrete signals; Linear, time invariant systems; Time domain analysis; Systems characterized by linear constant-coefficient differential equations; Fourier analysis with applications to biomedical signals and systems; Introduction to filtering; Sampling and the sampling theorem. Examples vary from year to year, but usually include signals such as the ECG and blood pressure wave, principles of signal coding in the auditory system and cochlear implants, and simple applications in biomedical imaging.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODERN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"44041", path:"/courses/44041", description:"This course is concerned with American literature and cultural life from the turn of the century until about 1950. The course emphasizes the period between the two World Wars and emphasizes as well the intellectual and cultural milieu in which the writers found themselves. Works by the following writers are usually included: James, Eliot, Frost, Fitzgerald, Faulkner, West, Stevens, DuBois, Williams, Wharton, Stein, West, Moore, and Hemingway.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOP IN ERLY MOD/ART THRY: WRITING ABOUT ART", number:"null", id:"38143", path:"/courses/38143", description:"Topic varies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ECONOMICS OF HERITAGE", number:"null", id:"36742", path:"/courses/36742", description:"Governmental resources for archaeological and heritage sites are declining worldwide while commercial and economic development initiatives are threatening the fabric of heritage and the larger landscape environment to ever greater degrees. As a consequence, the competition for resources to protect and preserve heritage is intensifying, as is the challenge of articulate the value of heritage resources vs. competing commercial or public projects. This is the context for understanding the issues surrounding the definition of the value of cultural heritage assets and the tools available for their measurement and management. This course explores in some depth issues relating to the economic analysis of heritage and culture. It is designed to provide students with a foundational understanding of the economics of heritage-related projects, the tools and techniques available for their analysis and the ethical and practical issues of public policy and private actions that determine the future of heritage resources. 

Readings and case studies will explore technical, practical and ethical issues that arise in cultural heritageeconomics. Relevant analytical techniques will be introduced and particular emphasis will be placed on commercial, government and community issues unique to heritage-related activities. Special emphasis will be placed upon developing pertinent strategies for the tourist industry. Students will produce one case-study project intended to integrate the technical and practical aspects of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDGS ADVANCED JAPANES II", number:"null", id:"38810", path:"/courses/38810", description:"Readings in advanced literary and journalistic texts written in modern Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT & PRAC OF FAMILY", number:"null", id:"38920", path:"/courses/38920", description:"This course is designed for those persons who desire to understand the distinct strategies and practices of family-controlled companies and family wealth creation. It will focus on shareholder decision making; financial and resource driven options for long-run competitiveness, organizational structures and management team issues; strategic planning from a resource-based perspective; transition planning for the corporate entity, family dynamics and communication issues; and leadership empowerment. The course is intended for those who plan to consult or provide professional services to family-controlled companies and for those planning a career in their family firm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GROUP DYNAMICS", number:"null", id:"41730", path:"/courses/41730", description:"Open to all sophomores, juniors, and seniors. This course develops your knowledge and skills for designing, leading, and consulting with teams in organizations. The goals are to provide both the conceptual understanding and the behavioral skills required to improve team effectiveness. This course makes use of analytic and reflective writing, peer feedback and coaching, simulations, and an intensive field project with a real team in the Philadelphia area. There are four kinds of teams that are the focus of your study: teams of which you've been a member in the past; your 240 Team, with three or four other classmates; a team outside of 240 that your 240 Team will observe, analyze, and report on -- your Host Team; and a team you expect to be on in the future. The primary case material for applying course concepts (learned from readings and lectures) will be these teams you know from direct observation and experience. Expect to leave this course with new knowledge of how to diagnose and intervene -- as leader, member, or consultant -- to improve the performance sustainability, and impact on the members of any team. Prerequisite: Sophomore standing or above.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"37471", path:"/courses/37471", description:"Syllabus for MATH 360-361: a study of the foundations of the differential and integral calculus, including the real numbers and elementary topology, continuous and differentiable functions, uniform convergence of series of functions, and inverse and implicit function theorems. MATH 508-509 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENGR APPLIC OF STATISTIC", number:"null", id:"41350", path:"/courses/41350", description:"Principles and engineering applications of statistical inference. The basic topics covered are parameter estimation, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing. Additional topics may include analysis of variance (ANOVA) and/or linear regression. Each method is treated both from theoretical and applied viewpoints, including software analysis of selected data sets.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS: GREEK LITERATURE: PLATO ON POETRY", number:"null", id:"40062", path:"/courses/40062", description:"Abstaining from meat was a peculiar practice in an ancient culture that highly valued blood sacrifice and the subsequent consuming of the sacrificial meat. We will look at several different attempts by ancient authors to explain why it might be a good thing to do. Readings will be drawn mostly from Plutarch and Porphyry, and the earlier thinker Pythagoras will be a subject of discussion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED JAPANESE III", number:"null", id:"41619", path:"/courses/41619", description:"This course is a continuation of Japanese language at the upper intermediate level, and authentic reading/listening materials are introduced besides the textbooks. Textbooks: Tobira: Gateway to Advanced Japanese (Unit 11-Unit 15) Kanji: reproduction-approx. 470/recognitio-approx.650", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES DRUG ACTION", number:"null", id:"36840", path:"/courses/36840", description:"Principles of Drug Action covers the concepts of pharmacological sciences as they relate to biochemistry, cell biology, and drug therapy. The intent of the course is to provide a solid grounding in targets of drug action, dose-response relationships, pharmacodynamics, and pharmacokinetics. The grounding is achieved by a discussion of these concepts explicitly and, through selected examples, implicitly. The first part of the course covers each of the concepts. Emphasis is placed on the integration with principles of cell biology and biochemistry. The second part of the course covers selected therapeutic applications. The applications chosen fall within four areas: cardiovascular, brain and behavior, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory, and antimicrobial. They are used to recapitulate important concepts and provide insight into the interplay between pharmacology and human physiology. The applications and the areas they represent are by no means comprehensive, but students will be able to pursue additional interests through papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"44226", path:"/courses/44226", description:"French 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"43758", path:"/courses/43758", description:"Participation in research projects in the laboratories of individual faculty members. A list of possible research supervisors is available in the Biochemistry office (351 Chemistry). In addition to their laboratory projects, students will attend a weekly seminar in which their own and related work will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED PERSIAN II", number:"null", id:"43316", path:"/courses/43316", description:"In this course, we will continue to address a broader variety of cultural topics in order to increase your proficiency in linguistic as well as cultural terms. Emphasis is place on actively using Persian for interpersonal, interpretive and presentational modes of communication. Therefore use of English is restricted. Listening, speaking, reading, and writing are integrated into the course, as are culture, grammar, vocabulary, and pronunciation. Students must either have successfully completed PERS-013, or take the departmental placement exam.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COGNITIVE NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"44844", path:"/courses/44844", description:"The study of the neural systems that underlie human perception, memory and language; and of the pathological syndromes that result from damage to these systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYNTAX II", number:"null", id:"36046", path:"/courses/36046", description:"The second half of a year-long introduction to the formal study of natural language syntax. Topics to be covered include grammatical architecture; derivational versus representational statement of syntactic principles; movement and locality; the interface of syntax and semantics; argument structure; and other topics. The emphasis is on reading primary literature and discussing theoretical approaches, along with detailed case-studies of specific syntactic phenomena in different languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Business and Democracy in the New Russia", number:"null", id:"37872", path:"/courses/37872", description:"This course continues developing students' advanced skills in Russian, and is designed to familiarize students with contemporary Russian society, its historical background and its present political and economic structure, and to develop functional proficiency in speaking, writing, reading and listening. The course will focus on a variety of issues central to Russian society since the fall of the Soviet Union, including changing values, political parties and movements, the business climate and businessmen, various nationalities within Russia, women in the family and at work. Course materials will include interviews, articles, essays by leading Russian journalists and statesmen, and contemporary Russian movies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR EVOLUTION PSYCH", number:"null", id:"37834", path:"/courses/37834", description:"The purpose of this seminar is to explore state-of-the-art research and theory in the discipline of evolutionary psychology, with an emphasis on particularly challenging problems such as the evolution of conscious experience (phenomenology) and human (pro-)social behavior, especially altruism, cooperation, and morality. By the end of the class, students should be familiar with the current avenues of research in these areas and the controversies that surround these areas.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PROB & PUB POLICY: Social Problems & Public Policy", number:"null", id:"39311", path:"/courses/39311", description:"This course approaches some of today's important social and political issues from a sociological vantage point. The course begins by asking where social problems come from. The main sociological perspectives of Marx, Weber and Durkheim are developed in connection with the issues of inequality, social conflict and community. We then turn to the social construction of social problems by examining how various issues become defined as social problems. This involves a consideration of the role of the media, social experts and social movements. The last section of the course considers how social problems are addressed. Here we discuss the relative strengths and weaknesses of government programs and regulations versus market-based approached. We also discuss the role of philanthropy and volunteerism. Finally, we consider the risk of unanticipated consequences of reforms. Along the way, we will consider a variety of social issues and social problems, including poverty, immigration, crime, global warming, and education.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO PRACTICUM II", number:"null", id:"38978", path:"/courses/38978", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MATH FOUND COMP SCI", number:"null", id:"38307", path:"/courses/38307", description:"What are the basic mathematical concepts and techniques needed in computer science? This course provides an introduction to proof principles and logics, functions and relations, induction principles, combinatorics and graph theory, as well as a rigorous grounding in writing and reading mathematical proofs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VIBRATION MECH SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38904", path:"/courses/38904", description:"This course teaches the fundamental concepts underlying the dynamics of vibrations for single-degree of freedom, multi-degree and infinite-degree of freedom mechanical systems. The course will focus on Newton's Force Methods, Virtual-Work Methods, and Lagrange's Variation Methods for analyzing problems in vibrations. Students will learn how to analyze transient, steady state and forced motion of single and multi-degree of freedom linear and non-linear systems. The course teaches analytical solution techniques for linear systems and practical numerical and simulation methods for analysis and design of nonlinear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MICROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"37026", path:"/courses/37026", description:"Theories of consumer behavior, demand, production, costs, the firm in various market contexts, factor employment, factor incomes, elementary general equilibrium, and welfare.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MARATHI I", number:"null", id:"37886", path:"/courses/37886", description:"The first year course in Marathi begins with learning the Devnagari script which is common for other important languages like Hindi and Nepali. With proper emphasis on grammar, vocabulary, and phonetics, the syllabus will see the student becoming able to speak conversational Marathi, read Marathi data from the Internet, and compose simple short essays on selected topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PROBLEM FRAMING", number:"null", id:"42993", path:"/courses/42993", description:"In the second semester of the four-semester studio sequence, we ask students to take a step back from what and how they are designing and ask the question of why they are designing it. We will teach them a rigorous process for understanding stakeholder needs and for translating those needs into implications for product design. They will begin to develop greater awareness of the personal, social, competitive and technological contexts that their products fit into, and to learn how to design for those contexts. They will develop the ability to dive into a topic and frame a design problem, and to understand the implications of how they frame the problem on what they design. Ideally, they will use this process to identify a problem or opportunity to work on for their final project. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIN OF BIOL FABRICATION", number:"null", id:"38176", path:"/courses/38176", description:"BE 558 introduces methodological approaches that are currently used for the de novo construction of biological molecules - primarily, nucleic acids and proteins - and how to use these molecules to engineer the properties of cells and intact tissue. By the end of the semester, students should (i) possess a molecular-scale understanding of key biological synthesis and assembly processes, (ii) gain an intuition for how to create novel methodologies based on these existing processes, and (iii) appreciate the drivers of technology adoption. Course content will be placed in context of cutting edge applications in bioengineering and human health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MODELS FOR MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"41772", path:"/courses/41772", description:"In today's business environment, marketing executives are involved in complex decision-making and they become responsible for return on their marketing investments. The first objective of this course is to help participants become better executives. By exposing students to various analytical and computer-based tools, developed for solving marketing problems, it will help to prepare them for careers in industries such as consumer packaged goods, hi-tech, financial services, media and entertainment, pharmaceutical, consulting, and venture capital. The course's main focus is on various existing models, such as models that predict the consumer's dynamic adoption of an innovative product. However, at some point in their career, students may find themselves facing business problems for which a model can assist in making decisions, but no existing model is available. Hence, the second objective of the course is to provide participants with critical skills necessary to evaluate new models to which they may be exposed by attending presentations or reading the literature. The models to be discussed in the class have been implemented and proven useful in a wide range of industries (e.g., business-to-consumers and business-to-business).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNDMTL SOLID STATE CRCT", number:"null", id:"42743", path:"/courses/42743", description:"Analysis and design of basic active circuits involving semiconductor devices including diodes and bipolar transistors. Single stage, differential, multi-stage, and operational amplifiers will be discussed including their high frequency response. Wave shaping circuits, filters, feedback, stability, and power amplifiers will also be covered. A weekly three-hour laboratory will illustrate concepts and circuits discussed in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: The Odyssey and its Afterlife", number:"null", id:"39766", path:"/courses/39766", description:"Homer's Iliad presents a dark and difficult vision of the world, but one that nonetheless inspires. Casual cruelty, divine caprice, and savage violence test heroes and lesser folk and provoke a reckoning with the stark realities of both human vulnerability and capability. It inspires kind of terror, but still also somehow provides a kind of comfort, albeit one whose character seems almost beyond comprehension. By a close and careful reading of Homer's text, along with some reflections and readings drawn from more contemporary wars, including the current ones, we will try to examine these issues with one eye on the past and one on the present. Our goal will be to achieve some further understanding of war and human experience. This course will be offered online.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRAT MGMT OF HUM ASSETS", number:"null", id:"44523", path:"/courses/44523", description:"Successful firms often excel in the capability of employing and deploying human assets (resources) to achieve the effective implementation of business strategy. To understand this capability, this course will address two central themes: 1) How to think systematically and strategically about various aspects of managing the organization's human assets; and 2) What really needs to be done to implement these policies and achieve competitive advantage. In order to think 'systematically' about this topic for any particular organization, we will consider the bundles of work practices and human resources processes that make up the overall system for managing people and evaluate whether these are internally consistent and aligned ('internal fit'). To think 'strategically,' we will then assess the relationship between practices/processes of managing people and the firm's strategy and strategic context, e.g. industry structure, competitive landscape, political, social, and economic environment -- for evidence of external fit. By paying attention to implementation, we will recognize that although many organizations recognize the importance of managing the workforce effectively (and even 'know' what approaches have been effective elsewhere), firms and managers very often fail to implement these approaches.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGEMENT OF TECHNOLOGY", number:"null", id:"36105", path:"/courses/36105", description:"This course examines the technical and managerial challenges presented by emerging and evolving technologies. Particular consideration is given to the forces affecting the nature and rate of technological innovation and the managerial options available to both established and entrepreneurial organizations. In doing so, we explore both internal and external sources of innovation as well as the appropriate strategies and processes for capitalizingon them. The course will be taught in seminar fashion with substantial class discussion. Assigned and supplementary readings will be augmented by cases and occasional guest lectures. Students will prepare a variety of written assignments, including case analyses and two research papers dealing with selected technologies, firms and industries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPUTER ARCHITECTURE", number:"null", id:"35509", path:"/courses/35509", description:"This course is an introductory graduate course on computer architecture with an emphasis on a quantitative approach to cost/performance design tradeoffs. The course covers the fundamentals of classical and modern uniprocessor design: performance and cost issues, instruction sets, pipelining, superscalar, out-of-order, and speculative execution mechanisms, caches, physical memory, virtual memory, and I/O. Other topics include: static scheduling, VLIW and EPIC, software speculation, long (SIMD) and short (multimedia) vector execution, multithreading, and an introduction to shared memory multiprocessors.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL-CREATIVE LIT.: WRITING PHILADELPHIA", number:"null", id:"41305", path:"/courses/41305", description:"These courses enable students to think and write creatively as a means to the critical understanding of literary texts. The topic of the course will vary from semester to semester, but the course will always seek to advance students understanding of literature, its formal elements, and its relationship to culture and history through the use of creative projects instead of or alongside more traditional critical writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BILINGUALISM IN HISTORY", number:"null", id:"37429", path:"/courses/37429", description:"This course introduces the foundations of linguistics - the scientific study of language - through exploration of multilingualism in the USA and in different societies around the world. 

Contacts between groups of people speaking different languages are documented from earliest records, and around the world it remains the norm to find more than one language in regular use in a single community. In this course we will see that multilingualism is a catalyst for linguistic change: sometimes languages are lost; sometimes new languages are created; sometimes the structure of a language is radically altered. We will consider: Which parts of linguistic structure are most susceptible to change under conditions of bilingualism? Does language contact - whether a result of trade, education, migration, conquest, or intermarriage - influence language structure in predictable ways? How do individual speakers handle multiple languages? How have attitudes to speakers of multiple languages changed through history? How have socio-historical events shaped the linguistic situation in the USA?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ALGORITHMIC GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"39029", path:"/courses/39029", description:"How should an auction for scarce goods be structured if the sellers wish to maximize their revenue? How badly will traffic be snarled if drivers each selfishly try to minimize their commute time, compared to if a benevolent dictator directed traffic? How can couples be paired so that no two couples wish to swap partners in hindsight? How can you be as successful as the best horse-racing expert at betting on horse races, without knowing anything about horse racing? In this course, we will take an algorithmic perspective on problems in game theory, to solve problems such as the ones listed above. Game theory has applications in a wide variety of settings in which multiple participants with different incentives are placed in the same environment, must interact, and each 'player''s actions affect the others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MLA Proseminar: Justice and Culture", number:"null", id:"37759", path:"/courses/37759", description:"This course examines the special problems culture and cultural membership pose for the liberal conception of justice. Liberal justice is supposedly impartial while cultural claims are thought to be partial and particular. And whereas liberal justice is concerned primarily with the individual, cultural claims are commonly thought to be group-based. How are these conflicting values to be understood? We will examine the problem of culture and justice as it arises in the domestic context (e.g., in the context of the liberal state) and in the global context. Some of the more specific questions we will examine include: Should our conception of justice be influenced by cultureal claims? Should cultural differences shape our understanding of human rights? Or should justice transcend culture? What is the relationship between individual freedom and cultural membership? Are there, or should there be, such things as cultural rights? If cultural diversity ought to be tolerated and even celebrated, what are the limits of cultural toleration? Is nationalism justifiable? Authors we will read include John Rawls, Charles Taylor, Amy Gutmann, Will Kymlicka, Martha Nussbaum, and Susan Moller Okin. This course is open only to students in the MLA program.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN REVOLUTION", number:"null", id:"42097", path:"/courses/42097", description:"This course is a content-based course intended for students who speak Russian at home and seek to improve their command of formal and professional registers of the Russian language. Paying tribute to the centennial of the Russian Revolution, the course examines the sociopolitical milestone of the 20th century through the works of literature, art, music, film, and material culture that both refracted the revolutionary situation and responded to the revolutionary change. The course's primary sources include works of Russian symbolist poets (e.g. Blok) and realist writers (e.g. Korolenko, Chekhov, Gorky, Andrei Platonov), the music of modernist composers, Soviet montage films, and the Soviet architecture of the International Style. The specific attention will be on the relationship between sociopolitical transformation and the raise of avant-garde movements in visual arts and poetry known as the artistic revolution (e.g. Khlebnikov, Maiakovskii, Kandinskii, Goncharova, Malevich, Chagall).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ABNORMAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44847", path:"/courses/44847", description:"The concepts of normality, abnormality, and psychopathology; symptom syndromes;theory and research in psychopathology and psychotherapy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIG INTEG CIRC&VLSI-FUND", number:"null", id:"35724", path:"/courses/35724", description:"Explores the design aspects involved in the realization of an integrated circuit from device up to the register/subsystem level. It addresses major design methodologies with emphasis placed on the structured design. The course includes the study of MOS device characteristics, the critical interconnect and gate characteristics which determine the performance of VLSI circuits, and NMOS and CMOS logic design. Students will use state-of-the-art CAD tools to verify designs and develop efficient circuit layouts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND LAW", number:"null", id:"43427", path:"/courses/43427", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EAST ASIAN GARDENS", number:"null", id:"43984", path:"/courses/43984", description:"Explore the beauty of gardens (and associated buildings) in Japan, China, and Korea from ancient times to the present. Lectures will be illustrated by photographs from dozens of sites in East Asia, and by a field trip to the Japanese House and Garden in Fairmount Park. The main body of the course will be a historical survey of the evolution of East Asian garden art forms from the sixth century to the present. Discussion will touch on geographic and climatic parameters, spiritual and aesthetic principles, practical limitations and creative innovations of East Asian gardens. There will be an additional fee for the Japanese House visit, and possibly for other field trips.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN BRAIN IMAGING: Functional Imaging of the Human Brain", number:"null", id:"35382", path:"/courses/35382", description:"The course will provide a detailed overview of functional brain imaging and itpotential uses. Issues regarding advantages and disadvantages of different modstudy design image analysis and interpretation, and how each of these relates tneurological and psychological phenomena will be discussed.The classes will cover the following specific topics in this general time frame: Introduction to functional brain function, basics of nuclear medicine imaging (including instrumentation, image acquisition, and radiopharmaceuticals for positron emission tomography and single photon emission computed tomography), imaging of neurological disorders, imaging of psychological disorders, introduction to activation studies, image analysis and statistical problems, study design, literature review, journal article presentation, tour of Penn imaging facilities, interpretation of imaging studies, implications for clinical and research, and implications for understand the human mind and consciousness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL-ORGANIC CHEM", number:"null", id:"39674", path:"/courses/39674", description:"Applications of frontier molecular orbital theory to the study of the structure, bonding and reactivity of organic compounds. Topics discussed will include thermochemistry, symmetry, pi electron theory, aromaticity, pericyclic reactions and fragment molecular orbital theory.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERFORMING ARTS IN SOUTH ASIA", number:"null", id:"37876", path:"/courses/37876", description:"This course is a survey of selected traditions of theater, music, and dance in India and surrounding regions. Topics include ritual practices, theater, classical dance, classical music, devotional music, regional genres, and contemporary popular musics. Readings and lectures are supplemented by audio and visual materials and live performances. The aim of the course is to expose students to a variety of performance practices from this part of the world and to situate the performing arts in their social and cultural contexts. The course has no prerequisites.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SANSKRIT 1ST YR PART II", number:"null", id:"43479", path:"/courses/43479", description:"During the first semester of beginning Sanskrit, students will be introduced to the script, phonetics, and grammar of the Sanskrit language. By the end of the semester they will be able to begin to read Sanskrit texts and compose Sanskrit sentences in addition to carrying out simple conversation. They will build the requisite skills to read, by the second semester, simple inscriptions and sections from texts like the Ramayana, the Mahabharata, the Bhagavad Gita, Pancatantra, and Yoga Sutra. Students will also be introduced to many features of Sanskrit culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN REPRODUCTIVE ECOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43713", path:"/courses/43713", description:"This course explores the processes that regulate fertility in human populations. We adopt an evolutionary perspective to examine the factors that have shaped human reproductive physiology and contribute to variation in reproductive parameters between populations. The biology of menarche, ovarian cycling, pregnancy, lactation, fetal loss, and menopause will be reviewed and the ecological and social factors that influence these steps in the reproductive process will be considered.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL IMMERSION", number:"null", id:"42624", path:"/courses/42624", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: GENDR/SEXUALTY/LIT: QUEER ATTACHMENTS", number:"null", id:"42708", path:"/courses/42708", description:"The advanced women's studies course in the department, focusing on a particularaspect of literature by and about women. Topics might include: 'Victorian Literary Women'; 'Women, Politics, and Literature'; 'Feminist Literary Theory';and similar foci.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: 19TH-C AMER AUTHOR: LAW, PROPERTY, BODIES:  RACE IN THE 1850s", number:"null", id:"37092", path:"/courses/37092", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-Century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WHAT IS AN IMAGE?", number:"null", id:"38016", path:"/courses/38016", description:"The course explores various concepts of images. It considers natural images (as in optics), images as artifacts, virtual images, images as representations, and works of art as images. Themes to include: the image controversy in cognitive science, which asks whether some cognitive representations are irreducibly imagistic; the question of whether some images resemble what they represent; the development of the concept of the virtual image and of three-dimensional images; the notions of pictorial representation and non-representational images in art. Readings from C. S. Peirce, Nelson Goodman, Robert Hopkins, Dominic Lopes, W. J. T. Mitchell, John Kulvicki, and Mark Rollins, among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Readings in Hindi Literature", number:"null", id:"40108", path:"/courses/40108", description:"Advanced Hindi aims at systematically developing higher level linguistic functions and cultural nuances. Students learn to describe, narrate and support opinions in informal and formal styles. The objective of the course is to promote a meaningful interaction with written literature and with native speakers in a socially acceptable manner in a variety of simple and complicated situations. A variety of authentic materials are used, such as short stories, plays, newspapers, magazines, videos, television and radio broadcasts, and interviews. Every semester the course materials and foci vary depending on the needs and interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH & SOCIETIES", number:"null", id:"38764", path:"/courses/38764", description:"'Two fundamental questions structure this course: (1)What kinds of factors shape population health in various parts of the world in the twenty-first century? and (2)What kinds of intellectual tools are necessary in order to study global health? Grasping the deeper 'socialness' of health and health care in a variety of cultures and time periods requires a sustained interdisciplinary approach. 'Health and Societies: Global Perspectives' blends the methods of history, sociology, anthropology and related disciplines in order to expose the layers of causation and meaning beneath what we often see as straightforward, common-sense responses to bioloogical phenomena. Assignments throughout the semester provide a hands-on introduction to researchstrageties in these core disciplines. The course culminates with pragmatic, student-led assessments of global health policies designed to identify creative and cost effective solutions to the most persistent health problems in the world today.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO RESEARCH METHODS AND DESIGN", number:"null", id:"36256", path:"/courses/36256", description:"The relationships among nursing theory, research and practice will be examined. An emphasis will be placed on research competencies for advanced practice nurses (APNs), including understanding nursing research methods and strategies in order to evaluate research results for applicability to practice and to design projects for evaluating outcomes of practice. An understanding of statistical techniques will be integrated into the course and build on the required undergraduate statistics course. Published nursing research studies will be evaluated for scientific merit and clinical feasibility, with a focus on evidence-based practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW IN AFRICA", number:"null", id:"35242", path:"/courses/35242", description:"Topics vary. See the Africana Studies Department's course list at https://africana.sas.upenn.eud for a description of the current offering.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSIAN POETRY IN TRANS", number:"null", id:"43199", path:"/courses/43199", description:"This course introduces some of the major genres and themes of Persian poetry from ancient to modern Iran. Epic and romance, love and mysticism, wine and drunkenness, wisdom and madness, body and mind, sin and temptation are some of the key themes that will be explored through a close reading of poems in this course. The course suits undergraduate students of all disciplines, as it requires no prior knowledge of or familiarity with the Persian language or the canon of Persian literature. All teaching materials are available in English translation. Students are expected to attend seminars and take part in discussions", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OS DESIGN AND IMPLEMENT", number:"null", id:"43922", path:"/courses/43922", description:"The purpose of this masters-level course is to teach the design and implementation Of operating systems and operating systems concepts that appear in other advanced systems. The course divides into three major sections. The first part of the course discusses concurrency: how to manage multiple tasks that execute at the same time and share resources. Topics in this section include processes and threads, context switching, synchronization, scheduling, and deadlock. The second part of the course addresses the problem of memory management; it will cover topics such as linking, dynamic memory allocation, dynamic address translation, virtual memory, and demand paging. The third major part of the course concerns file systems, including topics such as storage devices, disk management and scheduling, directories, protection, and crash recovery. After these three major topics, the class will conclude with specialized topics such as virtual machines and case studies of different operating systems (e.g. Android, Windows, Linux, etc.).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Myths, Fraud and Science in Archaeology", number:"null", id:"43699", path:"/courses/43699", description:"This course is intended to examine the distinctions between scientific and non-scientific approaches in archaeology. It is designed for people with a genuine interest in learning what archaeology is really all about, and who wish to critically evaluate the many different accounts about the past in order to make decisions for themselves as to what may be reliable or unreliable information. The course will analyze a variety of case studies derived from both the archaeological and pseudo-archaeological literature in order to define criteria for evaluating the accuracy and reliability to these accounts.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOFTWARE DESIGN/ENGINEER", number:"null", id:"35501", path:"/courses/35501", description:"You know how to write a 'program'. But how do you create a software 'product' as part of a team, with customers that have expectations of functionality and quality? This course introduces students to various tools (source control, automated build systems, programming environments, test automation, etc.) and processes (design, implementation, testing, and maintenance) that are used by professionals in the field of software engineering. Topics will include: software development lifecycle; agile and test-driven development; source control and continuous integration; requirements analysis; object-oriented design and testability; Android application development; software testing; refactoring; and software quality metrics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN SHORT STORY", number:"null", id:"42091", path:"/courses/42091", description:"This course studies the development of 19th and 20th-century Russian literature through one of its most distinct and highly recognized genres -- the short story. The readings include great masters of fiction such as Pushkin, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, Solzhenitsyn, and others. The course presents the best works of short fiction situating them in a larger cultural-political context. The students learn about the historical formation, poetic virtue, and thematic characteristics of major narrative modes such as sentimentalism, romanticism, utopia, realism, modernism, and socialist realism. We study literary devices, styles, and trends of storytelling such as irony, absurd, satire, grotesque, anecdote, etc. Main topics include culture of the duel; the role of chance; the riddle of death; anatomy of madness; imprisonment and survival.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED INTERMD GRMN", number:"null", id:"38680", path:"/courses/38680", description:"This course is intensive and is intended for dedicated, highly self-motivated students who will take responsibility for their learning and creation of meaning with their peers. This accelerated course is designed to improve students writing and speaking competencies, to increase vocabulary, to deepen grammar usage, and to help develop effective reading and listening strategies in German across literary genres and media as students interpret and analyze cultural, political, and historical moments in German-speaking countries and compare them with their own cultural practices. This course is organized around content-based modules. Students conclude the basic-language program at PENN by reading an authentic literary text; offering the opportunity to practice and deepen reading knowledge and to sensitize cultural and historical awareness of German-speaking countries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL & SOC ENVIRON OF MM", number:"null", id:"41722", path:"/courses/41722", description:"Are you well prepared to manage or analyze business challenges and competitive threats in a variety of political and social environments? For example, what should you do to dissuade or counter an individual critic armed with a camera phone a YouTube account? Or a decentralized grassroots organization that seemingly pops up overnight, appears to have no single leader or headquarters, and yet is quite successful in capturing media attention? Or a government official who because of a tight reelection campaign or an internal challenge from a populist general turns on you? Lone individuals, small activist groups and unexpected political shifts have done extensive damage to the reputations - and value - of multinationals in recent years. And yet most companies don't plan for, or even think about, investing in building the kinds of solid relationships with community leaders, governments, NGOs, and other key players that can help them avoid such crises and, when necessary, draw upon their reservoir of stakeholder capital to respond quickly and decisively when a challenge or threat emerges. This semester-long class provides an integrative perspective towards the management of these risks and opportunities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL NEUROSCIENCE", number:"null", id:"38196", path:"/courses/38196", description:"An introduction to the scientific study of vision, with an emphasis on the biological substrate and its relation to behavior. Topics will typically include physiological optics, transduction of light, visual thresholds, anatomy and physiology of the visual pathways, retinal processing, properties of visual cortex, and color vision.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GRAPHIC DESIGN PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"38571", path:"/courses/38571", description:"Practicum provides a real world experience for students interested in solving design problems for non-profit and community organizations. The studio works with two clients each semester, and previous projects have included print design, web design, interpretive signage and exhibit interactives. All projects are real and will result in a portfolio-ready finished product. Students will participate in a full design experience including design, client interaction, presentations, production, and project management. In addition, students will take field trips, meet professionals and go on studio visits.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANONYMOUS:  HISTORY'S MOST PROLIFIC COMPOSER", number:"null", id:"40378", path:"/courses/40378", description:"Courses under this number will focus on a specific composer from the classical tradition. As well as introducing students to the music and cultural environment of a given composer, courses will also examine the reception and canonization of a given composer, and the mechanisms of cult-formation. Fulfills Arts and Letters sector and Cross Cultural Analysis Requirements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH IN BEHAV ETHICS", number:"null", id:"43366", path:"/courses/43366", description:"In reality, our understanding of different mechanisms and (economic) relationships is hampered by the lack of data. More often than not, either the observation itself is difficult or the data is not reliable. Over the last decades, economic experiments have become a vital part of the scientific discourse, facilitating our understanding of the world we live in (much like in Biology, Chemistry, Physics or the like). Economic experiments allow exploring economic behavior under controlled conditions by generating observations under different experimental designs and controlled conditions. Pioneering this field of research, Daniel Kahneman and Vernon Smith were awarded the Nobel memorial prize in recognition of their work on behavioral and experimental economics. In this course, we provide you with the methodology of how to develop a research idea and a proper experimental design that allows to explore this idea. Essentially, you will learn how to think about ideas, generate predictions, and how to use economic experiments to test them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN ASAM: RACE AND POPULAR CINEMA", number:"null", id:"36642", path:"/courses/36642", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Asian American Studies, an interdisciplinary examination of the history, experiences, cultures, and policies relevant to Asian Americans. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adpative, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EARTH SURFACE PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"35846", path:"/courses/35846", description:"Patterns on the Earth's surface arise due to the transport of sediment by water and wind, with energy that is supplied by climate and tectonic deformation of the solid Earth. This course presents a treatment of the processes of erosion and deposition that shape landscapes. Emphasis will be placed on using simple physical principles as a tool for (a) understanding landscape patterns including drainage networks, river channels and deltas, desert dunes, and submarine channels, (b) reconstructing past environmental conditions using the sedimentary record, and (c) the management of rivers and landscapes under present and future climate scenarios. The course will conclude with a critical assessment of landscape evolution on other planets, including Mars.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTL LAW OF HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"36393", path:"/courses/36393", description:"Consult department for detailed descriptions. More than one course may be taken in a given semester. Recent titles have included: The Analysis of Presidential Elections, Conservative Political Economy, and Political Geography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"41650", path:"/courses/41650", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENERGY SYSTEMS & POLICY", number:"null", id:"38405", path:"/courses/38405", description:"This is a survey course that will examine the current U.S. energy industry, from production to consumption, and its impacts on local, regional, and the global environment. The course will seek to provide a fuller understanding of existing energy systems, ranging from technical overviews of each, a review of industry organization, and an exploration of the well-established policy framework each operates within. Near-term demands upon each energy supply system will be discussed, with particular focus on environmental constraints. Policy options facing each energy industry will be reviewed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANALOG INTEGRAT CIRCUITS", number:"null", id:"41358", path:"/courses/41358", description:"Design of analog circuits and subsystems using primarily MOS technologies at the transistor and higher levels. Transistor level design of building block circuits such as op amps, comparators, sample and hold circuits, voltage and current references, capacitors and resistor and class AB output stages. The Cadence Design System will be used to capture schematics and run simulations using Spectre for some homework problems and for the course project. Topics of stability, noise, device matching through good layout practice will also be covered. Students who take ESE419 will not be able to take ESE572 later. More will be expected of ESE572 students in the design project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOUSING MARKETS", number:"null", id:"39262", path:"/courses/39262", description:"This course is designed for students interested in the economics and operations of housing markets. It is primarily a U.S. focused course, but does include a limited amount of international material for comparative purposes. The class is divided into four sections: (1) supply and demand for housing, including the operations of homebuilders and rental landlords; (2) house prices, including cycles and price dynamics; (3) international comparisons; and (4) public policy and analysis applied to a current housing markets-related issue. This course presumes knowledge of intermediate economics, as we will apply that knowledge throughout the semester. For Wharton students, this means you must have passed BEPP 250 (undergrads) or MGEC 611 and 612 for MBA's. Non-Wharton students should have taken the equivalent course in the College.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STATISTICAL INFERENCE", number:"null", id:"37949", path:"/courses/37949", description:"Graphical displays; one- and two-sample confidence intervals; one- and two-sample hypothesis tests; one- and two-way ANOVA; simple and multiple linear least-squares regression; nonlinear regression; variable selection; logistic regression; categorical data analysis; goodness-of-fit tests. A methodology course. This course does not have business applications but has significant overlap with STAT 101 and 102.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HOSPITAL AS CURING MACH", number:"null", id:"39387", path:"/courses/39387", description:"This course examines the technological, scientific, and spatial evolution of the modern hospital from the miasmatic, vermin-infested medieval European hospital-as-alms house, to the late twentieth-century ideal of the modern hospital as a condenser of sophisticated technologies, scientific expertise, and Taylorist efficiencies. In so doing, we will see how designers of hospital space, consciously or not, have striven to realize the mechanized, technological vision of the hospital as curing machine a phrase first invoked by 18th century French surgeon and anatomist Jacques Tenon. While the early nineteenth-century hospital had been a locus for fears about contagion, death, and disease in a pre-germ theory world, through its eventual integration of antiseptic practices, spatially produced zones of medical expertise (the operating suite, the laboratory, pediatric and maternity wards), novel technologies (incubators, hyperbaric chambers, x-rays, ultrasounds) and factory-like efficiencies the hospital came into its own as the epitome of rational modernist space. But, over the course of its evolution, the modern ho other change as well: as an incubator for super-bugs, as an engine for projects o and renewal, and as a site for the cultural transformation of the meaning of birth, death, and health itself.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN-ACCEL", number:"null", id:"44368", path:"/courses/44368", description:"An intensive two-credit course covering the first and second semester of the elementary year for students who have never studied Italian before but have already fulfilled the language requirement in another modern language, preferably a romance language. Students who have fulfilled the language requirement in a language other than a romance language will be considered on an individual basis. All students must have departmental permission to register.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE YIDDISH I", number:"null", id:"40824", path:"/courses/40824", description:"The course will continue the first year's survey of Yiddish grammar with an additional emphasis on reading Yiddish texts. The course will also develop conversational skills in Yiddish.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV CHEM ENG SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"41065", path:"/courses/41065", description:"Applications of physical chemistry to chemical engineering systems. Equilibrium statistical mechanics of ideal gases, dense fluids and interfacial phases. Chemical reaction rates. Collision and transition state theories. Heterogeneous catalysis. Electronic structure and properties of solids.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLINIC: FOUNDERS 14", number:"null", id:"41886", path:"/courses/41886", description:"This didactic and fieldwork course focuses on development of a systematic approach to advanced physical assessment, the use and interpretation of diagnostic technologies and development of diagnostic reasoning as it applies to patient management of the adult-older adult acutely ill or injured patient. Emphasis is placed on development of competence to perform a comprehensive history and physical examination, incorporating the analysis of biotechnological data trends. Building fundamental skills in developing differential diagnoses and clinical decision making for acutely ill patients across the adult age continuum is a focus of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT 2", number:"null", id:"43517", path:"/courses/43517", description:"Spanish 145, the continuation of Spanish 135, is an intermediate-level integrated skills language course. It emphasizes the development of reading, writing, listening, and speaking abilities. Students will be expected to participate actively in classroom activities such as communicative activities, role-playing based on typical doctor/patient interactions as well as other medical situations. Students will also review and learn other essential tools of communication applicable both inside and outside the medical field. Students who have already taken Spanish 140 will not receive credit for Spanish 145. Although these courses have different numbers, they are at the same level. Students who have already fulfilled the language requirement (AP, SAT II, etc.) or have taken courses at the 200- and 300-level may not take basic level language courses (100-level courses) in the same language. They will not receive credit for this course (Spanish 145).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND DICTATORSHIP IN LATIN AMERICA", number:"null", id:"44961", path:"/courses/44961", description:"Topics vary. Please see the Spanish Department's website for the current course description: https://www.sas.upenn.edu/hispanic-portuguese-studies/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40595", path:"/courses/40595", description:"How do campaign advertisements influence voters' perceptions and behavior? What roles do emotions play in politics? Do we all harbor some measure of racism, sexism, or homophobia, and what role do these stereotypes play in political behavior? How and why do ideologies form, and how does partisanship influence the way that voters understand the political world? How do people perceive threat, and what are the psychological consequences of terrorism? These questions, and many others, are the province of political psychology, an interdisciplinary field that uses experimental methods and theoretical ideas from psychology as tools to examine the world of politics. In this course, we will explore the role of human thought, emotion, and behavior in politics and examine the psychological origins of citizens' political beliefs and actions from a variety of perspectives. Most of the readings emphasize politics in the United States, though the field itself speaks to every aspect of political science.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MASTERS BIOTECH LAB", number:"null", id:"41075", path:"/courses/41075", description:"The laboratory methods covered include molecular cloning techniques, cell transformation, DNA gel electrophoresis, ImageJ, PCR, DNA sequencing, SDS?PAGE, mammalian cell culture, and enzyme assays. Culture techniques for bacteria, yeast and animal cells are taught and practiced. The students write several individual lab reports and keep a lab notebook during the semester. A group presentation and report on a proposal for a new lab experiment is the final assignment for the lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CASE STUDY:  HOME HEALTH CARE", number:"null", id:"37647", path:"/courses/37647", description:"This course examines the major aspects of home-based care across patients' life spans from acute to long term care. New trends, advances, and issues in home management of complex conditions, innovative delivery systems and legal, ethical and policy consideration will be explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Neurobiology of Brain Disorders", number:"null", id:"41020", path:"/courses/41020", description:"The human brain is clearly the most complicated and magical organ in the body. We don't completely understand how it works, but we do know, unfortunately, fora variety of reasons, the human brain is prone to failure, either by acute injury, chronic degeneration, genetic flaws in its composition, or unknown disturbances in its behavior. Diseases of the brain can take many forms but are all uniformly devastating for individuals, families, and our society, and are also very costly. This course will explore the ways in which various brain disorders (both neurological and psychiatric) manifest themselves and discuss their underlying neurobiological mechanisms. In addition, the social and economic inpact of these diseases in society will be considered, as well as some well publicized political issues surrounding many of these brain disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JUDGMENT AND DECISIONS", number:"null", id:"40609", path:"/courses/40609", description:"Thinking, judgment, and personal and societal decision making, with emphasis on fallacies and biases.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VERTEBRATE PHYSIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"43813", path:"/courses/43813", description:"The course will focus on integrative aspects of physiological function of vertebrates. Comparative, environmental and quantitative approaches will be used. Major topics include muscle, the cardiovascular system, respiration, renal function and the nervous system.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LITERATURE AND SCIENCE:  NORMS, FORMS, AND DEVIATIONS", number:"null", id:"39865", path:"/courses/39865", description:"Literature and science have long had an intense and varied relationship, both worlds shaping one another even as their claims to truth have converged and diverged. Both are forms of inquiry; both have richly interdisciplinary histories; both rely on finding and explaining patterns to reveal some inner truth about the world. The primary material for this course will be representations of science in literature, film, comics, and digital media: imagining possible futures and alternate worlds; considering science's political dimensions; and interogating its habit of seeing identity differently and even destructively. On the way we'll also think about issues of race, class, gender, and sexuality. Assignments will include close-reading exercises, group presentations, and formal papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIRE AND DEMAND", number:"null", id:"38087", path:"/courses/38087", description:"Does consumption shape culture or does culture shape consumption? As even the most mundane purchase becomes socially symbolic and culturally meaningful we can persuasively argue that the concept of 'need' has been transformed. Analyzing a variety of physical and virtual consumer venues, the goal of this seminar is to understand and to analyze historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. We investigate social and political-economic factors that impact when and how people purchase goods and argue that behavior attached to consumption includes a nexus of influences that may change periodically in response to external factors. Readings and research assignments are interdisciplinary and require a critical analysis of global/local linkages. The city of Philadelphia becomes the seminar's laboratory as we ask how have issues of culture, consumption, and global capitalism become intertwined around the world?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA ANALY & STAT COMP: Data Analytics and Statistical Computing", number:"null", id:"39365", path:"/courses/39365", description:"This course will introduce a high-level programming language, called R, that is widely used for statistical data analysis. Using R, we will study and practice the following methodologies: data cleaning, feature extraction; web scrubbing, text analysis; data visualization; fitting statistical models; simulation of probability distributions and statistical models; statistical inference methods that use simulations (bootstrap, permutation tests).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE IN MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA", number:"null", id:"44222", path:"/courses/44222", description:"This is a Wharton Global Modular Course on finance in the Middle East and North Africa. Its objective is to bring students, academics and industry experts together to study financial markets, practice, and institutions in this region.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN MGMT", number:"null", id:"40503", path:"/courses/40503", description:"Several forces, ranging from technology that has dramatically reduced the cost of communication, to political developments such as the opening up of China, Vietnam, and Eastern Europe, have created an avalanche of outsourcing and offshoring and lead to supply chains that stretch halfway around the world. This course will study the many questions that arise in the management of such global supply chains, including: Which design and production activities to do in-house and which to outsource? Where to locate various activities around the world? How to forecast the many factors that influence these decisions, including inflation in cost factors such as labor and freight, and the likelihood of future government regulation or political instability? How to keep the supply chain flexible so as to adapt to change? How to manage a geographically disbursed supply chain, including what relationships to have with vendors to ensure low cost, high quality, flexibility, safety, humane labor practices and respect for sustainability of the environment? The course is highly interactive, using case discussions in most classes and senior supply chain executives in many sessions. Grades are based one-third each on class participation, indivudla write-ups of the discussion questions for 3 of the class sessions, and a course paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNET & WEB SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"36944", path:"/courses/36944", description:"This course focuses on the challenges encountered in building Internet and web systems: scalability, interoperability (of data and code), security and fault tolerance, consistency models, and location of resources, services, and data. We will examine how XML standards enable information exchange; how web services support cross-platform interoperability (and what their limitations are); how to build high-performance application servers; how 'cloud computing' services work; how to perform Akamai-like content distribution; and how to provide transaction support in distributed environments. We will study techniques for locating machines, resources, and data (including directory systems, information retrieval indexing, ranking, and web search); and we will investigate how different architectures support scalability (and the issues they face). We will also examine ideas that have been proposed for tomorrow's Web, and we will see some of the challenges, research directions, and potential pitfalls. An important goal of the course is not simply to discuss issues and solutions, but to provide hands-on experience with a substantial implementation project. 

This semester's project will be a peer-to-peer implementation of a Googe-style search engine, including distributed, scalable crawling; indexing with ranking; and even PageRank. As a side-effect of the material of this course you will learn about some aspects of large-scale software development assimilating large APIs, thinking about modularity, reading other people's code, managing versions, debugging, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCEL INTERMEDIATE SPAN", number:"null", id:"39337", path:"/courses/39337", description:"Spanish 134 is an intensive intermediate-level language course that covers the material presented in Spanish 130 and Spanish 140. The course emphasizes the development of the four canonical skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) within a culturally based context. Class time will focus on communicative activities that combine grammatical concepts, relevant vocabulary, and cultural themes. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities to practice linguistics skills in a meaningful context. Major course goals include: the acquisition of intermediate-level vocabulary, the controlled use of the past tense and major uses of the subjunctive, and the development of writing skills.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MECH PROP NANO/MACRO", number:"null", id:"44568", path:"/courses/44568", description:"The application of continuum and microstructural concepts to elasticity and plasticity and the mechanisms of plastic flow and fracture in metals, polymers and ceramics. Topics covered include elasticity, viscoelasticity, plasticity, crystal defects, strengthening, crystallographic effects, twinning, creep and fatigue. Emphasis will be on mathematical and physical understanding rather than problem solving.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRICING POLICY", number:"null", id:"44555", path:"/courses/44555", description:"The course provides a systematic presentation of the factors to be considered when setting price, and shows how pricing alternatives are developed. Analytical methods are developed and new approaches are explored for solving pricing decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"43856", path:"/courses/43856", description:"Basic concepts and principles of chemistry and their applications in chemistry and closely-related fields. The first term emphasizes the understanding of chemical reactions through atomic and molecular structure. This is a university level course, treating the material in sufficient depth so that students can solve chemical problems and can understand the principles involved in their solution. It includes an introduction to condensed matter. This course is suitable for majors or non-majors and is recommended to satisfy either major or preprofessional requirements for general chemistry. This course is presented for students with high school chemistry and calculus. Students with a lesser background than this should take Chemistry 001.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL PROCESSING", number:"null", id:"42051", path:"/courses/42051", description:"This seminar will focus on how visual information is processed by the eye and the brain to produce visual perception. These issues will be explored through lectures and student presentations of journal articles, combined with Matlab- based tutorials and exercises. The course requires no prior knowledge of visual processing, math, or computer programming.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GEN CHEM LAB I", number:"null", id:"36862", path:"/courses/36862", description:"A general laboratory course covering aspects of qualitative and quantitative analysis, determination of chemical and physical properties, and chemical synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VOICING POLITICS/POLITICIZING VOICES", number:"null", id:"41797", path:"/courses/41797", description:"What does it mean to have a voice? To raise your voice? To have your voice heard? What do our voices say about us and what do they fail to communicate? How we speak and how our voices are perceived impact our interactions in daily life, our participation in the political sphere, and our capacity to effect change through activism. This CWiC course explores the parameters by which voice is defined in the context of music and sound studies, social justice, philosophy, and media and communication studies. We will consider how voice embodies our political constitution through an examination of the vocal practices of artists such as Tanya Tagaq, Anohni, Juliana Huxtable, Laurie Anderson, Sikh Knowledge, and Lucas Silveira; the phenomena of voice-activated devices such as Apple s Siri and Amazon s Echo; and the collective voices of movements such as Black Lives Matter and the Standing Rock water protectors. Through individual and group presentations, discussions, and creative projects, this critical speaking seminar encourages students to develop their oral communication skills while examining what informs their individual and collective voices. No previous musical training required. Enrollment limited to 16.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLES II", number:"null", id:"36351", path:"/courses/36351", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; Maxwell's equations; emission, propagation, and absorption of electromagnetic radiation; interference, reflection, refraction, scattering, and diffraction phenomena. Credit is awarded for only one of the following courses. PHYS 009, PHYS 102, PHYS 151, or PHYS 171. Students with AP or Transfer Credit for PHYS 92 or PHYS 94 who complete PHYS 151 will thereby surrender the AP or Transfer Credit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FILIPINO LANG & CULTURE", number:"null", id:"35265", path:"/courses/35265", description:"The Filipino Language and Culture is an advanced language and culture course offered to students who are in the upper immediate level of Filipino Language or those who had been certified to be proficient in Filipino language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORIES GENDR/SEXUALITY: QUEER POLITICS/QUEER COM", number:"null", id:"39860", path:"/courses/39860", description:"What makes men and women different? What is the nature of desire? This course introduces students to a long history of speculation about the meaning and nature of gender and sexuality -- a history fundamental to literary representation and the business of making meaning. We will consider theories from Aristophanes speech in Platos Symposium to recent feminist and queer theory. Authors treated might include: Plato, Shakespeare, J. S. Mill, Mary Wollstonecraft, Sigmund Freud, Virginia Woolf, Simone de Beauvoir, Adrienne Rich, Audre Lorde, Michel Foucault, Gayle Rubin, Catherine MacKinnon, Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick, Judith Butler, bell hooks, Leo Bersani, Gloria Anzaldua, David Halperin, Cherr?e Moraga, Donna Haraway, Gayatri Spivak, Diana Fuss, Rosemary Hennesy, Chandra Tadpole Mohanty, and Susan Stryker.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN LAW", number:"null", id:"37999", path:"/courses/37999", description:"This course will focus on selected aspects of urban law that are particularly relevant to areas of high population density. After an introduction to the American judicial system, it will examine the legal issues that arise in the management of land development and use, with special attention to constitutional questions involving equal protection, due process, and the 'takings' clause, and routine run-of-the-mill zoning challenges. This course meets the Cultural Diversity requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEG COMP-AIDED DESIGN", number:"null", id:"44361", path:"/courses/44361", description:"The majority of today's engineered products move through an advanced computer-aided workflow which greatly speeds design and process time. This course will explore the fundamental components of this workflow through a combination of lectures, hands-on exercises, and a semester design project. General course topics include: fundamental design principles, project definition and needfinding, advanced computer-aided design, rapid prototyping techniques, computer-controlled machining, and an in-depth exploration of the modern analysis and simulation tools that have revolutionized the way in which products are designed. Enrollment is limited.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINTMAKING: ETCHING", number:"null", id:"38563", path:"/courses/38563", description:"The class will challenge the possibilities of experimental drawing and ways of creating incisions and textures using copper plates as the matrix, which then will be printed on paper and other materials. The class offers full technical and historical description of each individual process: Dry Point, Etching, Hard ground, Soft Ground, Aquatint, Shine Cole', Spit-Biting, Sugar Lift, Color Printing and Viscosity printing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILOSOPHY OF MIND", number:"null", id:"44767", path:"/courses/44767", description:"This course explores core issues in philosophy of mind, such as: the nature of mental states and events, the mind-body problem, and the relationship between philosophy of mind and related disciplines, such as cognitive science. We approach these issues through more specific topics, depending on the interests of the instructor. Topics may include: identity theories, grounding physicalism, functionalism, computationalism, disjunctivism and knowledge-first theories, internalism and externalism, consciousness, self-knowledge, perception, emotion, action, representationalism, mental causation, and intersections with psychology, artificial intelligence, linguistics, and neuroscience. For details in a specific year, consult with the instructor and/or department. UNDERGRADUATES NEED PERMISSION.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"42038", path:"/courses/42038", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEG RDG/WRTG CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"42502", path:"/courses/42502", description:"CHIN 032 is designed for students who can speak Chinese and have reading ability of about 1000 Chinese characters. This Chinese reading and writing course is specifically designed for students at the ACTFL intermediate-low reading and writing level. The literacy goal is to master 1000 to 2000 Chinese words and reach the intermediate-mid proficiency level. Reading material covers topics that are meaningful to students not only to increase engagement and confidence in their Chinese reading skills, but also foster students' apprehension and understanding of the Chinese deep culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUST PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"39716", path:"/courses/39716", description:"Rust is a new, practical, community-developed systems programming language that 'runs blazingly fast, prevents almost all crashes, and eliminates data ra (rust-lang.org). Rust derives from a rich history of languages to create a multi-paradigm (imperative/functional), low-level language that focuses on high-performance, zero-cost safety guarantee in concurrent programs. It has begun to gain traction in industry even before official 1.0 release in May 2015, showing a recognized need for a new low-level systems language. In this course, we will cover what makes Rust so unique and apply it to practic systems programming problems. Topics covered will include traits and generics; memory safety (move semantics, borrowing, and lifetimes); Rust's rich macro system; closures; and concurrency. Evaluation is based on regular homework assignments as well as a final project and class participation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN LAW", number:"null", id:"42217", path:"/courses/42217", description:"This course will focus on selected aspects of urban law that are particularly relevant to areas of high population density. After an introduction to the American judicial system, it will examine the legal issues that arise in the management of land development and use, with special attention to constitutional questions involving equal protection, due process, and the 'takings' clause, and routine run-of-the-mill zoning challenges. This course meets the Cultural Diversity requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Great Books of Greece and Rome", number:"null", id:"43936", path:"/courses/43936", description:"The literature of ancient Greece and Rome has been foundational for the national literatures of Europe and the Americas, and in the modern period it remains one of the most influential and widely read world literatures. This course introduces many of the most representative works that define the Greek and Roman canon from Homer to Augustine, along with the most characteristic issues that they examine. In the process, students will become familiar not only with the works themselves, but with the idea of a literary canon consisting of 'great books,' and will consider differing perspectives both on that idea and those of what constitutes a 'foundational' or a 'classical' literature, of literary influence, and of a community or culture defined in part by such a literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL ETHICS", number:"null", id:"40528", path:"/courses/40528", description:"In this course we will investigate some of the ethical issues that arise from our relationship with the environment. We will examine important issues in environmental ethics, supplementing our discussions by considering how the latest scientific results affect environmental thinking and policy. Topics covered will include (but not be limited to): What are our responsibilities toward the environment, as individuals and as members of institutions? How do our responsibilities toward the environment relate to other ethical considerations? Do non-human animals/species/ecosystems have intrinsic value? What should conservationists conserve (Conservation vs restoration, keystone species vs ecosystems)?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP SCI/ENRGY&CHEM TRAN", number:"null", id:"43847", path:"/courses/43847", description:"Our theoretical and computational capabilities have reached a point where we can do predictions of materials on the computer. This course will introduce students to fundamenta l concepts and techniques of atomic scale computational modeling. The material will cover electronic structure theory and chemical kinetics. Several well-chosen applications in energy and chemical transformations including study and prediction of properties of chemical systems (heterogeneous, molecular, and biological catalysts) and physical properties of materials will be considered. This course will have modules that will include hands-on computer lab experience and teach the student how to perform electronic structure calculations of energetics which form the basis for the development of a kinetic model for a particular problem, which will be part of a project at the end of the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERSTANDING AFRICAN CONFLICT", number:"null", id:"43656", path:"/courses/43656", description:"The end of colonial rule was the springboard for the start of cold wars in various regions of Africa. Where peace could not be maintained violence erupted. Even where secession has been attained, as in the new country of South Sudan, the threat of civil war lingers. While domestic politics have led to the rise of armed conflicts and civil wars in many African countries, the external factors should also not be ignored. Important in all current conflicts is the concern to international peace and security. Overall this course will: (1) investigate the general nature of armed conflicts in Africa (2) provide in-depth analysis of the underlying factors (3) and discuss the regional and the international responses to these conflicts and their implications. Special emphasis will be placed upon African conflicts and civil wars in: great Lakes area, Mali, Nigeria, Senegal, Sudan, Somalia, South Sudan, and Uganda.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMPOSITION I: HIST PRAC", number:"null", id:"36189", path:"/courses/36189", description:"Studies in selected 16th through 19th century compositional practices. Possible topics may include 16th century modal counterpoint; sonata forms in Viennese classicism; advanced chromatic harmony. Course includes analysis of relevant pieces and student compositional projects reflecting course topic.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURO BASIS OF AUTISM", number:"null", id:"43799", path:"/courses/43799", description:"This course examines the neurobiological processes underlying autism spectrum disorders. In this seminar course, we will first examine the brain phenotypes associated with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD), in addition to investigating the genetic and environmental contributions to the etiology and pathophysiology of ASD. After an initial examination of the clinical literature and research, we will focus on animal models of ASD, including those of syndromic causes of autism (Rett Syndrome, Tuberous Sclerosis, Fragile X) and investigate changes in neurotransmitter systems and synaptic dysfunctions in the brain of these models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"45196", path:"/courses/45196", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOL SIGNALS & SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"38864", path:"/courses/38864", description:"A hands-on signal and image processing course for non-EE graduate students needing these skills. We will go through all the fundamentals of signal and image processing using computer exercises developed in MATLAB. Examples will be drawn from speech analysis and synthesis, computer vision, and biological modeling.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE MODERN WORLD AND ITS CULTURAL BACKGROUND", number:"null", id:"38085", path:"/courses/38085", description:"An introduction to the diversity of cultures in the world. This course is divided into two parts. The first briefly examines different models of understanding human diversity: ethnicities, religions, languages, political forms, economic structures, cultures, and 'civilizations'. Students will learn to think about the world as an interconnected whole, and know the significance of culture on a global scale. The second part is an introduction to area studies, in which we undertake a survey of the different regions of the world. We conduct the survey paying attention to the different aspects of human diversities, which we examine in the first part of this course. Students will acquire a greater appreciation and understanding of cultural differences in the more comprehensive social context.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MILITARY MEDICINE & TECH", number:"null", id:"42977", path:"/courses/42977", description:"War and its effects on the human body are brutal; the carnage of the battlefield and the conditions of camp life have presented special challenges to medicine throughout history. People and governments have sought to quell carnage and deter war through the development of ever-more-lethal technologies, though, in the end, they mostly created more spectacular ways of maiming flesh. But the significance of medicine and technology in a military context extends well beyond the injuries and illnesses of war. Looking more closely at the ways in which engineers, physicians, inventors, military officers, soldiers, and civilians have interacted with each other both in war and in peace reveals much about the political, cultural, and disciplinary formation of military medicine and technology in the modern era. This seminar surveys the history of medicine, technology, nursing, innovation, and public health as they are conducted in a military context, exploring the ways in which the practices, theories, tools and imagined needs of the military have played, and continue to play, a prominent role in conceptualizations of warfare morality, the body, and ethics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"40195", path:"/courses/40195", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 012. This course is designed to develop students' Korean language proficiency to the intermediate-low level of the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines. Authentic materials, as well as various student-centered activities that are highly contextualized in everyday interactions will be used. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to present and exchange information on a variety of topics such as weather, fashion, travel, mailing, housing, public transportation, and shopping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Medical Missionaries and Partners", number:"null", id:"41581", path:"/courses/41581", description:"Global health is an increasingly popular goal for many modern leaders. Yet critics see evidence of a new imperialism in various aid programs. We will examine the evolution over time and place of programs designed to improve the health of underserved populations. Traditionally catergorized as public health programs or efforts to achieve a just society, these programs often produce results that are inconsistent with these goals. We will examine the benefits and risks of past programs and conceptualize future partnerships on both a local and global stage. Students should expect to question broadly held beliefs about the common good and service. Ultimately we will examine the concept of partnership and the notion of community health, in which ownership, control, and goals are shared between outside expert and inside community member.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN SHORT STORY", number:"null", id:"37865", path:"/courses/37865", description:"This course studies the development of 19th and 20th century Russian literature through one of its most distinct and highly recognized genresthe short story. The readings include great masters of fiction such as Pushkin, Gogol, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, Solzhenitsyn, and others. The course presents the best works of short fiction and situates them in a literary process that contributes to the history of a larger cultural-political context. 

Students will learn about the historical formation, poetic virtue, and thematic characteristics of major narrative modes such as romanticism, utopia, realism, modernism, socialist realism, and post-modernism. We critique the strategic use of various devices of literary representation such as irony, absurd, satire, grotesque, anecdote, etc. Some of the main topics and issues include: culture of the duel; the role of chance; the riddle of death; anatomy of madness; imprisonment and survival; the pathologies of St. Petersburg; terror and homo sovieticus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FNCE IN MID EAST & N AFR", number:"null", id:"38628", path:"/courses/38628", description:"This is a Wharton Global Modular Course on finance in the Middle East and North Africa. Its objective is to bring students, academics and industry experts together to study financial markets, practice, and institutions in this region.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"44186", path:"/courses/44186", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. The course covers current conceptual and theoretical valuation frameworks and translates those frameworks into practical approaches for valuing companies. The relevant accounting topics and the appropriate finance theory are integrated to show how to implement the valuation frameworks discussed on a step-by-step basis. The course teaches how to develop the required information for valuing companies from financial statements and other information sources in a real-world setting. Topics covered in depth include discounted cash flow techniques and price multiples. In addition, the course covers other valuation techniques such as leveraged buyout analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FUND TECH OF IMAGING 2", number:"null", id:"42398", path:"/courses/42398", description:"This laboratory course covers the fundamentals of modern medical imaging techniques. Students will participate in a series of hands-on exercises, covering the principals of X-ray imaging, CT imaging, photoacoustic imaging, diffusion tensor imaging, localized magnetic resonance (MR) spectroscopy, MR contrast agents, diffuse optical spectroscopy, and bioluminescence imaging. Each lab is designed to reinforce and expand upon material taught in BE483/583 Molecular Imaging and MMP507 Physics of Medical Imaging", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPEN BOOK", number:"null", id:"41390", path:"/courses/41390", description:"'Open Book' will focus on visual communication of information. It will address two methods of inquiry and the corresponding means of visual representation: the objective, well structured research of facts and images, and the creative process of their subjective evaluation and restatement. Students will propose a topic based on their area of interest and engage in a focused, semester-long exploration, which they will present in the form of a designed and printed book.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARMA,BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"35896", path:"/courses/35896", description:"Arranged with members of the Faculty of the Health Care Systems Department. For further information contact the Department office, Room 204, Colonial Penn Center, 3641 Locust Walk, 898-6861.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOMECH & BIOTRANS", number:"null", id:"42396", path:"/courses/42396", description:"The course is intended as an introduction to continuum mechanics in both solid and fluid media, with special emphasis on the application to biomedical engineering. Once basic principles are established, the course will cover more advanced concepts in biosolid mechanics that include computational mechanics and bio-constitutive theory. Applications of these advanced concepts to current research problems will be emphasized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LINUX/UNIX SKILLS", number:"null", id:"38308", path:"/courses/38308", description:"Unix, in its many forms, runs much of the world's computer infrastructure, from cable modems and cell phones to the giant clusters that power Google and Amazon. This half-credit course provides a thorough introduction to Unix and Linux. Topics will range from critical basic skills such as examin and editing files, compiling programs and writing shell scripts, to higher level topics such as the architecture of Unix and its programming model. The material learned is applicable to many classes, including CIS 240, CIS 331, CIS 341, CIS 371, and CIS 380.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR IN SOCIAL PSYCH: PSYCHOLOGY AND RELIGION", number:"null", id:"40616", path:"/courses/40616", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"France and the European Union", number:"null", id:"40037", path:"/courses/40037", description:"This course aims to provide an understanding of the European Union as a complex entity: its history, institutions, challenges and future. After reviewing the history of European integration and describing the Community's institutions, common programs and market, we will consider a wide variety of themes important to Europe: economics, business, science, education, immigration, the environment, social issues, national and European identity, a Federal Europe vs. a Europe of nations, European social/cultural models vs. American liberalism, relations between the EU and the rest of the world. Students will be responsible for pursuing substantive research on these and other topics and participating actively in debates. We will also follow and discuss current events that are pertinent to the EU in general and to France in particular.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO QUEER STUDIES", number:"null", id:"44278", path:"/courses/44278", description:"This course will introduce students to the historical and intellectual forces that led to the emergence of queer theory as a distinct field, as well as to recent and ongoing debates about gender, sexuality, embodiment, race, privacy, global power, and social norms. We will begin by tracing queer theory's conceptual heritage and prehistory in psychoanalysis, deconstruction and poststructuralism, the history of sexuality, gay and lesbian studies, woman-of-color feminism, the feminist sex wars, and the AIDS crisis. We will then study the key terms and concepts of the foundational queer work of the 1990s and early 2000s. Finally, we will turn to the new questions and issues that queer theory has addressed in roughly the past decade. Students will write several short papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"41086", path:"/courses/41086", description:"Continuation of CHEM 241.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP: MGMT HC SERV BUS", number:"null", id:"40097", path:"/courses/40097", description:"HCMG 890-001: This course examines issues related to the Services Sector of thehealth care industry. For those interested in management, investing, or bankingto the health care industry, the services sector will likely be the largest and most dynamic sector within all of health care. We will study key management issues related to a number of different health care services businesses with a focus on common challenges related to reimbursement, regulatory, margin, growth, and competitive issues. We will look at a number of different businesses and subsectors that may have been unfamiliar to students prior to taking the course. We will make extensive use of outside speakers, many of whom will be true industry leaders within different sectors of the health care services industry. Speakers will address the current management issues they face in running their businesses as well as discuss the career decisions and leadership styles that enables them to reach the top of their profession. Students will be asked to develop a plan to both buyout and manage a specific health care services business of their choosing and will present their final plans to a panel of leading Health Care Private Equity investors who will evaluate their analysis. Prerequisites: HCMG 841", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"3-D COMPUTER MODELING", number:"null", id:"44158", path:"/courses/44158", description:"Students will develop a comprehensive knowledge of how virtual worlds are constructed using contemporary computer graphics technique with a fine arts perspective. The course will offer the opportunity to explore the construction, texturing, and rendering of forms, environments, and mechanisms while conforming to modeling specifications required for animation, real-time simulations or gaming environments, and rapid prototyping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DECISION PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"41925", path:"/courses/41925", description:"This course is an intensive introduction to various scientific perspectives on the processes through which people make decisions. Perspectives covered include cognitive psychology of human problem-solving, judgment and choice, theories of rational judgment and decision, and the mathematical theory of games. Much of the material is technically rigorous. Prior or current enrollment in STAT 101 or the equivalent, although not required, is strongly recommended.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MORPHOSYNTAX IN USE", number:"null", id:"38858", path:"/courses/38858", description:"This course investigates how quantitative methods can be combined with grammatical analysis to improve our understanding of morphosyntactic phenomena. Students learn to carry out original research on data from morphosyntactically annotated corpora of historical and dialectal varieties of English.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ROBOTICS", number:"null", id:"41713", path:"/courses/41713", description:"The rapidly evolving field of robotics includes systems designed to replace, assist, or even entertain humans in a wide variety of tasks. Recent examples include human-friendly robot arms for manufacturing, interactive robotic pets, medical and surgical assistive robots, and semi-autonomous search-and-rescue vehicles. This course presents the fundamental kinematic, dynamic, and computational principles underlying most modern robotic systems. The main topics of the course include: rotation matrices, homogeneous transformations, manipulator forward kinematics, manipulator inverse kinematics, jacobians, path and trajectory planning, sensing and actuation, feedback control, haptic interfaces, and teleoperation. The material is reinforced with hands-on lab exercises involving a robotic arm and a haptic interface.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DIGITAL ILLUSTRATION", number:"null", id:"37162", path:"/courses/37162", description:"Digital Illustration is a course designed to expose students to the diverse techniques and approaches used in creating digital illustration for print publication. Course assignments will include two-dimensional animation storyboard rendering, figure illustration, technical diagram illustration, photographic retouching and enhancing. Digital applications will include morphing with layers, surface cloning, three-dimensional modeling and spatial transformation of scenes and objects. Students completing this course will possess the capability to design and plan creatively and skillfully execute finished artwork.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE PROB & STAT INF", number:"null", id:"39718", path:"/courses/39718", description:"This course tightly integrates the theory and applications of discrete probability, discrete stochastic processes, and discrete statistical inference in the study of computer science. The course will introduce the Minimum Description Length Paradigm to unite basic ideas about randomness, inference and computation. Students will be expected to use the Maple programming environment in homework exercises which will include numerical and symbolic computations, simulations, and graphical displays.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED HUNGARIAN II", number:"null", id:"35614", path:"/courses/35614", description:"Continuation of EEUR123.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CONCEPTS IN PRIMARY CARE", number:"null", id:"45241", path:"/courses/45241", description:"In conjunction with the development of advanced clinical skills, students focus on advanced practice role development and the study of issues in health service delivery related to the practice of primary health care. Economics, case management and cultural/ethical aspects of care are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANT RES METH COMM", number:"null", id:"35544", path:"/courses/35544", description:"This course is a general overview of the important components of social research. It presents a conceptual basis for assessing research quality based on the four types of validity, and also covers the standard elements of research design, including sampling, measurement, and causal inference. These concepts are then illustrated hrough reviews of four research areas: surveys and field studies, qualitative/ethnographic studies, content analysis, and policy/evaluation studies. The final part of the semester focuses more on descriptive and inferential statistics, measures of association for categorical and continuous variables, and the language of data analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"38247", path:"/courses/38247", description:"The laboratory methods in biochemical and genetic engineering learned include molecular cloning techniques, cell transformation, DNA gel electrophoresis, ImageJ, PCR, DNA sequencing, SDS-PAGE, Western Blot, and enzyme assays. Culture techniques for bacteria, yeast and animal cells are taught and practiced. The students write several individual lab reports during the semester. A group presentation and report on a proposal for a new lab experiment is the final assignment for the lab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"E-HEALTH:BUSINESS MODELS: E-Health: Business Models and Impact", number:"null", id:"38708", path:"/courses/38708", description:"This course will introduce students to the main components of Health Information Technology (HIT) and how HIT currently effects, and in the future, may change health care operating models. Although it will not prepare students for primary technology management positions, it will help them understand the role of information technology in the success of the delivery system and other important healthcare processes. It will provide a foundation that will prepare them as managers, investors and consultants to rely upon or manage information technology to accomplish delivery system objectives. The course will give special attention to key health care processes, and topics such as the drive for provider quality and cost improvements, the potential ability to leverage clinical data for care improvement and product development, the growth of new information technologies for consumer directed healthcare and telemedicine, the strategies and economics of individual HIT companies and the role of government. The course relies heavily on industry leaders to share their ideas and experiences with students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMPORARY SOCIO THEOR", number:"null", id:"36514", path:"/courses/36514", description:"This course will cover the founding classics of the sociological tradition including works of Tocqueville, Marx and Engels, Nietzsche, Weber, Freud, Durkheim Simmel, and G.H. Mead. We will also examine how the major traditionshave continued and transformed into theories of conflict, domination, resistance and social change; social solidarity, ritual and symbolism; symbolic interactionist and phenomenological theory of discourse, self and mind.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERICLEAN ATHENS", number:"null", id:"38342", path:"/courses/38342", description:"This class is devoted to the culture and history of Athens in the 5th century BC, the golden age of Greek culture. We will examine such topics as the growth of democracy, Athenian religion and the architectural embellishment of the Acropolis and the Agora. We will look at the development of Athenian drama and explore the relationship between Athenian democracy and naval power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENOME SCI & GENOMIC MED", number:"null", id:"42453", path:"/courses/42453", description:"This course will be a focused study of genomes, genomic techniques, and how these approaches are and will be used in diagnosing and treating human disease. Topics will include genome sequencing, analysis of sequences and microarrays, and new techniques including high-throughput sequencing and reverse genetic analysis with a focus on genome-wide mutant collections.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP CAPITALIST SYSTEMS", number:"null", id:"35916", path:"/courses/35916", description:"The course follows the evolution of industrial capitalism since the beginning of the English industrial revolution in the late 18th century. It ranges from the problems of the industrial revolution in England to problems of building a market economy in eastern Europe today. In particular, it examines industrialization and explores the sources of sustained economic growth from a comparative perspective. Most of the world, especially in so-called emerging economies, is still confronted with the challenge, and often pain, of creating a modern industrial capitalist society. The course attempts to build a conceptual apparatus for understanding models of industrialization and is built around issues such as law, anti-trust, corporate forms, banking institutions, industrial relations, etc. By definition, the course tends to concentrate on successful industrializers around the world, but questions regarding continuing underdevelopment will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"43584", path:"/courses/43584", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVRMENTAL IMAGINARIES: NARRATING ENVIRONMENT", number:"null", id:"44101", path:"/courses/44101", description:"Drawing on theories of worldmaking and ethnographic works on culture and environment, this seminar will examine the production of Cartesian-based environmental imaginaries and their alternatives across a range of genres and practices.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHILANTHROPY AND HEALTH", number:"null", id:"41011", path:"/courses/41011", description:"This course that brings together the recent literature from the social sciences and health sciences as well as other disciplines to explore how philanthropy impacts health care in society at large, and in particular, the health of the donor and volunteer. Furthermore, the course will include an 'ideas in action' component. Students will examine philanthropic donations at work in Philadelphia, as well as engage in philanthropic activities alongside the instructor. The course consists of three parts:", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED PORTUGUESE II", number:"null", id:"36377", path:"/courses/36377", description:"This is a forth-semester intermediate course, in a four-course strand, designed for students who have taken at least three semesters of Portuguese. Classroon activities will emphasize pronunciation, spoken production, grammar and language structures, and vocabulary at the advanced intermediate level. Students will explore movies, readings, news, music and other media as they further develop speaking, writing, reading and interpretive skills in Portuguese. The course will be conducted in Portuguese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEX&GENDERHISTPOLTHEORY: Sex & Gender in the History of Political Thought", number:"null", id:"39235", path:"/courses/39235", description:"An examination of basic theoretical problems of political science divided into three parts. First, specific features of social sciences will be examined and three most important general orientations of social sciences (analytical, interpretative and critical) will be compared and analyzed. Second, basic concepts of social and political sciences will be studied: social determination, rationality, social change, politics, power, state, democracy. Third, the problem of value judgments will be considered: Is there a rational, objective method for the resolution of conflicts in value judgments? Is morality compatible with politics?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITION: SCIENCE & APPLICATIONS", number:"null", id:"39032", path:"/courses/39032", description:"An overview of the scientific foundations of nutrition. The focus is on the functions, food sources and metabolism of carbohydrate,fat, protein, vitamins and minerals. Effects of deficiency and excess are discussed and dietary recommendations for disease prevention are emphasized. Current issues and controversies are highlighted. Students will analyze their own dietary intakes and develop plans for future actions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DATA STRUC & SOFTW DESGN", number:"null", id:"38337", path:"/courses/38337", description:"This course will focus on data structures, software design, and advanced Java. The course starts off with an introduction to data structures and basics of the analysis of algorithms. Important data structures covered will include arrays, lists, stacks, queues, trees, hash maps, and graphs. The course will also focus on software design and advanced Java topics such as software architectures, design patterns, networking, multithreading, and graphics. We will use Java for the entire course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"38588", path:"/courses/38588", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Some are as of financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester, Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL & SOC ENVIRON OF MM", number:"null", id:"44519", path:"/courses/44519", description:"All successful firms go global. This course provides a broad introduction to international business. You will learn about who loses and who gains from trade, what are the effects of tariffs and non-tariff barriers, the World Trade Organization (WTO), regional trading blocs, and NAFTA. The course then turns to the international financial architecture, focusing on exchange rate risk. We then move to multinational firm strategies, including a discussion of the reasons for why firms choose to do business globally through trade or FDI, international tax strategy, joint ventures, technology transfer, different ways to be a multinational firm, and ethical dilemmas. The class is a mix of lectures and cases that allow students to synthesize the extensive materials on multinational management, international institutions, economic policies, and politics with a goal towards formulating multinational firm strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO PHOTOGRAPHY", number:"null", id:"39975", path:"/courses/39975", description:"This course is an introduction to the basic processes and techniques of black & white photography. Students will learn how to expose and process 35mm film, SLR camera operation, darkroom procedures & printing, basic lighting and controlled applications. It begins with an emphasis on understanding and mastering technical procedures and evolves into an investigation of the creative and expressive possibilities of making images. This is a project-based course, where students will begin to develop their personal vision, their understanding of aesthetic issues and photographic history. Assignments, ideas and important examples of contemporary art will be presented via a series of slide lectures, critiques and discussion. No previous experience necessary. 35mm SLR cameras will be available throughout the semester for reservation and checkout from the photography equipment room.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Bible in the Middle Ages", number:"null", id:"40638", path:"/courses/40638", description:"The Bible was the most important book of medieval Europe, inspiring a vast body of scholarship and commentary. This course will explore the biblical culture of western medieval Christianity from Roman late antiquity to the eve of the Protestant Reformation. We will consider the form of the received Latin Bible, how it developed over the centuries, and how it gradually was translated into European vernaculars. Making use of original resources in the Penn libraries, we will look at the traditions of biblical learning from commentaries to preaching to glossed texts, and consider the wider roles of the Bible in Jewish/Christian relationships and the medieval book trade, and the influence of biblical language and imagery on medieval vernacular literature and art. Our emphasis will be on primary sources. Ability to read Latin and some medieval vernaculars will be useful, but most readings will be available in English. Each student will be responsible for a class presentation and a research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"45280", path:"/courses/45280", description:"This course analyzes the formation and conduct of foreign policy in the United State. The course combines three elements: a study of the history of American foreign relations; an analysis of the causes of American foreign policy such sa the international system, public opinion, and the media; and a discussion of the major policy issues in contemporary U.S. foreign policy, including terrorism, civil wars, and economic policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO ASTROPHYSICS II", number:"null", id:"38158", path:"/courses/38158", description:"A basic course for majors in astronomy, in other physical sciences, and in engineering. Stars, galaxies, and the evolution of the universe.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO. MOLEC. BIOL. LAB", number:"null", id:"41032", path:"/courses/41032", description:"An intensive introductory laboratory course emphasizing how molecular biology has revolutionized our understanding of cell and organism functions. BIOL 121 and 123 should be taken concurrently.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMERGING ECONOMIES", number:"null", id:"37414", path:"/courses/37414", description:"This course explores important issues in conducting business internationally in and with emerging economies. Much of the course attempts to define emerging economies and to understand the changes occurring in these countries. The course also examines the position of emerging economies in the global context, and how broad social issues affect the development of emerging economies and the ability to establish relationships or conduct business in emerging economies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ACTING", number:"null", id:"39391", path:"/courses/39391", description:"Rooted in the system devised by Constantine Stanislavsky, but incorporating a wide variety of approaches, including improvisation, this courtesies students step by step through the practical work an actor must do to live and behave truthfully on-stage. Beginning with relaxation and physical exercise, interactive games, and ensemble building, students then learn and put into practice basic acting techniques, including sensory work, the principles of action, objectives, given circumstances, etc. The semester culminates in the performance of a scene or scenes, most often from a play from the Realist tradition. This course strongly stresses a commitment to actor work and responsibility to one's fellow actors. Practical work is supplemented by readings from Stanislavsky and a variety of other acting theorists that may include Uta Hagen, Robert Cohen, Stella Adler, among others. Students are required to submit short essays over the course of the semester in response to the readings and in preparation for their final scene project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SENIOR COLLOQUIUM", number:"null", id:"42893", path:"/courses/42893", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO EXP PSYCH", number:"null", id:"44842", path:"/courses/44842", description:"This course provides an introduction to the basic topics of psychology including our three major areas of distribution: the biological basis of behavior, the cognitive basis of behavior, and individual and group bases of behavior. Topics include, but are not limited to, neuropsychology, learning, cognition, development, disorder, personality, and social psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RENAISSANCE-CONTEMPORARY", number:"null", id:"35315", path:"/courses/35315", description:"This course is an introduction to the visual arts including painting, sculpture, print culture, and new media such as photography, film, performance and installation art in Europe and the United States from 1400 to the present. It offers a broad historical overview of the key movements and artists of the period, as well as an investigation into the crucial themes and contexts that mark visual art production after the middle ages. Such themes include the secularization of art; the (gendered) role of the artist in society; the sites of art production and consumption such as the artist's studio, the royal courts and the art exhibition; the materials of art; the import of technology and science to art's making, content and distribution; the rise of art criticism; and the socio-political contexts of patronage and audience; among others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLECULAR IMAGING", number:"null", id:"39590", path:"/courses/39590", description:"This course will provide a comprehensive survey of modern medical imaging modalities and the emerging field of molecular imaging. The basic principles of X-ray, ultrasound, nuclear imaging, and magnetic resonance imaging will be reviewed. The course will also cover concepts related to contrast media and targeted molecula r imaging. Topics to be covered include the chemistry and mechanisms of various contrast agents, approaches to identifying molecular markers of disease, ligand screening strategies, and the basic principles of toxicology and pharmacology relevant to imaging agents.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35772", path:"/courses/35772", description:"This course provides an introduction to the theory, the methods, and the concerns of corporate finance. The concepts developed in FNCE 100 form the foundation for all elective finance courses. The main topics include: 1) the time value of money and capital budgeting techniques; 2) uncertainty and the trade-off between risk and return; 3) security market efficiency; 4) optimal capital structure, and 5) dividend policy decisions. During the fall semester there are honors sections of FNCE 100 offered. The seats in the honors sections are awarded through an application process. Please go to https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/programs/course-applications/ for additional information.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BIOLOGY B", number:"null", id:"41030", path:"/courses/41030", description:"General principles of biology focusing on evolution, physiology, development, and ecology in all types of living organisms.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SUSHI&RAMEN:GLOBAL FOOD: 125ing Japanese Food Global", number:"null", id:"36996", path:"/courses/36996", description:"Who defines Japanese food? Is it the chef at a top establishment in Tokyo, a home cook in Osaka, a tea master in Kyoto, the ancient capital? Or is it the midwestern American who thinks sushi means raw fish ? Is it the person who scarfs cup noodles, or the devotee of artisan ramen stock? Perhaps it is the Japanese government, which in 2006 sent undercover agents abroad to guard against inferior Japanese food outlets. In this class we will consider how Japanese food came to be defined in distinction to Western and Chinese foods beginning in the nineteenth century, and how Japanese food became a global cuisine. Among our questions: What makes a dish Japanese ? How did Portuguese or Spanish frying habits (tempura) and Chinese lamian (ramen) become hallmarks? How traditional is the diet of rice and fish, and in what ways does it interact with the environment? How did Buddhist vegetarians justify sukiyaki? What relationship does food have to the longevity of Japanese today? How does gender affect Japanese food cultures? What are the origins of Iron Chef and bento? We will survey the Philadelphia Japanese food scene and learn to make our own sushi. Some controversies we will discuss include the consumption of whale meat in Japan. We will also investigate Japanese government controls of food to combat obesity and to make food safe 

after the Fukushima nuclear catastrophe. Materials include essays, films, novellas, menus, and cookbooks.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Women Visionaries in Medieval and Early Modern Italy", number:"null", id:"37854", path:"/courses/37854", description:"Selected topics in Christian mystical writings. Authors will be read in English translation. Knowledge of medieval languages is helpful, but not required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEMES IN MUSIC HISTORY", number:"null", id:"39005", path:"/courses/39005", description:"Courses under this number will be organized thematically, tracing a genre or musical concept through several eras. Courses include, for example, courses on Voice, the Sacred, the Uncanny, Technology, Instruments, and Machines.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDY OF A THEME: MONSTERS IN FILM & LIT.", number:"null", id:"37061", path:"/courses/37061", description:"This is an introduction to literary study through the works of a compelling literary theme. (For offerings in a given semester, please see the online course descriptions on the English Department website). The theme's function within specific historical contexts, within literary history generally, and within contemporary culture, are likely to be emphasized. Some versions of this course will also serve as an introduction to other members of the English faculty, who will visit the class as guest lecturers. This course is designed for the General Requirement, and is ideal for the students wishing to take an English course but not necessarily intending to major. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL ECON & PSYCH", number:"null", id:"40565", path:"/courses/40565", description:"This course will introduce you to the study of choice, and will examine in detail what we know about how people make choices, and how we can influence these choices. It will utilize insights from psychology and economics, and will apply these insights to domains including consumer choice, risky decision making, and prosocial decision making.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WORLD MUSICS & CULTURES", number:"null", id:"38999", path:"/courses/38999", description:"This course examines how we as consumers in the 'Western' world engage with musical difference largely through the products of the global entertainment industry. We examine music cultures in contact in a variety of ways-- particularly as traditions in transformation. Students gain an understanding of traditional music as live, meaningful person-to-person music making, by examining the music in its original site of production, and then considering its transformation once it is removed, and recontextualized in a variety of ways. The purpose of the course is to enable students to become informed and critical consumers of 'World Music' by telling a series of stories about particular recordings made with, or using the music of, peoples culturally and geographically distant from the US. Students come to understand that not all music downloads containing music from unfamiliar places are the same, and that particular recordings may be embedded in intriguing and controversial narratives of production and consumption. At the very least, students should emerge from the class with a clear understanding that the production, distribution, and consumption of world music is rarely a neutral process.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO III - BIOMATERIALS", number:"null", id:"36789", path:"/courses/36789", description:"This course provides a comprehensive background in biomaterials. It covers surface properties, mechanical behavior and tissue response of ceramics, polymers and metals used in the body. It also builds on this knowledge to address aspects of tissue engineering, particularly the substrate component of engineering tissue and organs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP DEV: MERG & ACQUIS", number:"null", id:"44521", path:"/courses/44521", description:"This course explores the role of mergers and acquisitions and alternative methods of corporate development in advancing the strategies of operating business. Emphasis is on the way companies use acquisitions to alter business mixes; seize opportunities in new products, technologies and markets; enhance competitive positioning; adjust to changing economics, and promote value-creating growth. Although the course will emphasize strategic acquisitions, it also will explore leveraged buy-outs and hostile financial acquisitions as well as their influence on corporate buyers. Please note that you must fulfil the prerequisites in order to enroll in this class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE FRENCH I", number:"null", id:"38635", path:"/courses/38635", description:"French 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that should allow you to function comfortably in a French-speaking environment. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary French and you will review these on your own in the course workbook. This course will build on your existing skills in French, increase your confidence and ability to read, write, speak and understand French, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRATEGIC REASONING", number:"null", id:"41997", path:"/courses/41997", description:"This course is about strategically interdependent decisions. In such situations, the outcome of your actions depends also on the actions of others. When making your choice, you have to think what the others will choose, who in turn are thinking what you will be choosing, and so on. Game Theory offers several concepts and insights for understanding such situations, and for making better strategic choices. This course will introduce and develop some basic ideas from game theory, using illustrations, applications, and cases drawn from business, economics, politics, sports, and even fiction and movies. Some interactive games will be played in class. There will be little formal theory, and the only pre-requisites are some high-school algebra and having taken Econ 1. However, general numeracy (facility interpreting and doing numerical graphs, tables, and arithmetic calculations) is very important. This course will also be accepted by the Economics department as an Econ course, to be counted toward the minor in Economics (or as an Econ elective).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"39186", path:"/courses/39186", description:"Introduction to research in particle, nuclear, condensed matter and astrophysics. Selected current topics from journals.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOLARSYSTEM EXOPLANETS", number:"null", id:"38156", path:"/courses/38156", description:"A survey course on planets and life covering our own Solar System and exoplanets orbiting other stars. Topics include the latest results and theories about: the origin and evolution of planetary systems around our Sun and other stars; the detection of exoplanets; the implications of planetary atmospheres for life; and the search for life on other planets in our Solar System. This course is designed for the non-major and elementary algebra and geometry will be used. Physical science majors and engineering students should prefer ASTR 011 to this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEM BIBLICAL HEBREW II", number:"null", id:"35902", path:"/courses/35902", description:"A continued introduction to the grammar of Biblical Hebrew, focusing on the verbal system, with an emphasis on developing language skills in handling Biblical texts. A suitable entry point for students who have had some modern Hebrew.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EYE, MIND AND IMAGE", number:"null", id:"45039", path:"/courses/45039", description:"Visual Studies 101 provides an introduction to the collaboration of eye, mind, and image that produces our experience of a visual world. How and what do we see? How do we perceive color, space, and motion? What is an image? Does seeing vary across cultures and time? What can art tell us about vision? Is there a 21st-century form of seeing? This course combines different approaches to the study of vision, drawing from psychology, cognitive science, philosophy, history of art, and fine art. Professors representing two or three disciplines present lectures that demonstrate the methods of their disciplines and draw connections across fields.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"40007", path:"/courses/40007", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 611. Some areas of financial management not covered in FNCE 611 are covered in FNCE 726. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning, and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 611 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 726. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTOMATA,COMPUT.& COMPLX", number:"null", id:"42537", path:"/courses/42537", description:"This course explores questions fundamental to computer science such as which problems cannot be solved by computers, can we formalize computing as a mathematical concept without relying upon the specifics of programming languages and computing platforms, and which problems can be solved efficiently. The topics include finite automata and regular languages, context-free grammars and pushdown automata, Turing machines and undecidability, tractability and NP-completeness. The course emphasizes rigorous mathematical reasoning as well as connections to practical computing problems such as test processing, parsing, XML query languages, and program verification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO LINGUISTICS", number:"null", id:"44427", path:"/courses/44427", description:"A general introduction to the nature, history and use of human language, speech and writing. Topics include the biological basis of human language, and analogous systems in other creatures; relations to cognition, communication, and social organization; sounds, forms and meanings in the world's languages; the reconstruction of linguistic history and the family tree of languages; dialect variation and language standardization; language and gender; language learning by children and adults; the neurology of language and language disorders; the nature and history of writing systems. Intended for any undergraduate interested in language or its use, this course is also recommended as an introduction for students who plan to major in linguistics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN SIGN LANGUAGE I", number:"null", id:"45191", path:"/courses/45191", description:"Introduction to American Sign Language ( ASL ). Introduces ASL in a contextualized and conversational manner. Course includes receptive and expressive readiness activities, sign vocabulary and grammar, and an introduction to important topics and people within Deaf communities and Deaf culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"VISUAL COMMUNICATION LAB", number:"null", id:"39784", path:"/courses/39784", description:"This laboratory provides an opportunity for students to explore, through actual media production, many of the conceptual principles and research findings discussed in COMM240 and COMM262. (Requires Permssion of Instructor.)", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDER: PREVALENCE, ETIOLOGY, SCREENING AND ASSESSMENT", number:"null", id:"37671", path:"/courses/37671", description:"Through classroom and clinical experiences, this course provides an overview of the public health problem of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Content addresses the natural history, etiology, rising prevalence, risk factors, and core features. Changes in prevalence statistics and possible causes are outlineThese subjects are described in general terms for an overall picture of the disorder. Taking a developmental approach, students begin case management and follow a family through screening, diagnosis and treatment planning. Key information is elaborated through case studies. The course highlights the important and evolving role of nurses in the care of people with ASD. Content is supported by the scientific literature. Students' clinical experiences startthe identification of and collaborative work with a family that has a young chiwith ASD. The student follows that family and the child through diagnosis, treatments and long term planning. This case approach allows the student to work with the same family over the entire post-masters program to learn the value of interdisciplinary, contiguous care.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WWII IN FILM & FICTION", number:"null", id:"37329", path:"/courses/37329", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Medical Ethics", number:"null", id:"43151", path:"/courses/43151", description:"Please be in touch with the department for further details", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ACCELERATED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41429", path:"/courses/41429", description:"This course is intended for students with prior knowledge of finance or with strong analytical backgrounds. Together with the pre-term preparation course (FNCE604) the foundation for subsequent courses in corporate finance, corporate valuation, investments, and financial derivatives. Its purpose is to develop a framework for analyzing a firm's investment and financial decisions. This course will start where FNCE604 ends. More precisely, it will provide an introduction to capital budgeting techniques under uncertainty, asset valuation, the operation and efficiency of capital markets, the optimal capital structure and dividend policy of the firm and options. In short, it will cover all the topics of a typical semester-long finance introductory class in six weeks. This course assumes that students are familiar with the material covered in FNCE 604. As a result, it is only available to those students who successfully passed the Finance Placement Exam at the end of the pre-term. This course is not suitable for students new to finance and with limited analytical backgrounds. This course is hard. The pace is fast and it requires a major investment of time and effort outside class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Madness and Madmen in Russian Culture", number:"null", id:"39286", path:"/courses/39286", description:"This course will explore the theme of madness in Russian literature and arts from the medieval period through the October Revolution of 1917. The discussion will include formative masterpieces by Russian writers (Pushkin, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, and Bulgakov), painters (Repin, Vrubel, Filonov), composers (Mussorgsky, Tchaikovsky, and Stravinsky), and film-directors (Protazanov, Eisenstein), as well as non-fictional documents such as Russian medical, judicial, political, and philosophical treatises and essays on madness.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPIEGEL-WILKS SEMINAR: Essays in Images and Words", number:"null", id:"42365", path:"/courses/42365", description:"Fall 2018: Susan Sontag once remarked that 'We no longer study the art of dying,...but all eyes, at rest, contain that knowledge. The body knows. And the camera shows, inexorably.' This Spiegel-Wilks Curatorial Seminar explores the invention of photography and the proliferation of techniques and processes of representing the body in the 1800s. Offered in collaboration with the Barnes Foundation, the course will pay particular attention to the relation between photography, science and medicine, and new modes of representing life and death. In addition to being introduced to the history of photography, students will learn about the curatorial process and contribute to a forthcoming exhibition at the Barnes Foundation, where the course will meet weekly. Students will have the opportunity to interact with curators and scholars at the museum, and also engage Penn Medicine faculty who are pioneering new ways of imaging the body. Our discussions will build upon seminal texts by Roland Barthes, Geoffrey Batchen, Jonathan Crary, Kaja Silverman, Susan Sontag, and others. As part of the course, students will also conduct research and contribute curatorial writing for the exhibition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPORT SCIENCE,MEDICINE", number:"null", id:"37972", path:"/courses/37972", description:"Why did Lance Armstrong get caught? Why do Kenyans win marathons? Does Gatorade really work? In this course, we won't answer these questions ourselves but will rely upon the methods of history, sociology, and anthropology to explore the world of the sport scientists who do. Sport scientists produce knowledge about how human bodies work and the intricacies of human performance. They bring elite (world-class) athletes to their laboratories-or their labs to the athletes. Through readings, discussions, and original research, we will find out how these scientists determine the boundary between 'natural' and 'performance-enhanced,' work to conquer the problem of fatigue, and establish the limits and potential of human beings. Course themes include: technology in science and sport, the lab vs. the field, genetics and race, the politics of the body, and doping. Course goals include: 1) reading scientific and medical texts critically, and assessing their social, cultural, and political origins and ramifications; 2) pursuing an in-depth 

The course fulfills the Capstone requirement for the HSOC/STSC majors. Semester-long research projects will focus on 'un-black-boxing' the metrics sport scientists and physicians use to categorize athletes' bodies as 'normal' or 'abnormal.' For example, you may investigate the test(s) used to define whether an athlete is male or female, establish whether an athlete's blood is 'too' oxygenated, or assess whether an athlete is 'too' fast (false start). Requirements therefore include: weekly readings and participation in online and in-class discussions; sequenced research assignments; peer review; and a final 20+page original research paper and presentation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"44542", path:"/courses/44542", description:"In this hands-on experiential course, students will partner with a local start-up to apply design thinking steps taught throughout the course. Students will learn how to uncover deep consumer needs, effectively ideate, and create rapid prototypes to test their ideas with real customers. This class is well suited for those interested in careers in innovation or management consulting, marketing, product management, technology, or entrepreneurship. No prior experience or requirements are needed for this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAT & METHODS MED ARCH", number:"null", id:"39767", path:"/courses/39767", description:"This course is intended to familiarize new graduate students with the collections of the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and the wide range of scholarly interests and approaches used by faculty at Penn and neighboring institutions, as well as to provide an introduction to archaeological methods and theory in a Mediterranean context. Each week, invited lecturers will address the class on different aspects of archaeological methodology in their own research, emphasizing specific themes that will be highlighted in readings and subsequent discussion. The course is divided into five sections: Introduction to the Mediterranean Section; Collections; Method and Theory in Mediterranean Archaeology; Museum Work; and Ethics. The course is designed for new AAMW graduate students, though other graduate students or advanced undergraduate students may participate with the permission of the instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"APPL PROB MODELS MKTG", number:"null", id:"36142", path:"/courses/36142", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to construct, estimate, and interpret powerful models of consumer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these models for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales, forecasting, analyses of media usage, and targeted marketing programs. Other disciplines have seen equally broad utilization of these techniques. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Modeling Geographic Objects", number:"null", id:"41343", path:"/courses/41343", description:"This course offers a broad and practical introduction to the acquisition, storage, retrieval, maintenance, use, and presentation of digital cartographic data with both image and drawing based geographic information systems (GIS) for a variety of environmental science, planning, and management applications. Its major objectives are to provide the training necessary to make productive use of at least two well known software packages, and to establish the conceptual foundation on which to build further skills and knowledge in late practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS ANALYTICS", number:"null", id:"40498", path:"/courses/40498", description:"'Managing the Productive Core: Business Analytics' is a course on business analytics tools and their application to management problems. Its main topics are optimization, decision making under uncertainty, and simulation. The emphasis is on business analytics tools that are widely used in diverse industries and functional areas, including operations, finance, accounting, and marketing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT IN HEALTHCARE", number:"null", id:"37693", path:"/courses/37693", description:"This course will provide the conceptual and theoretical framework for examining the concept of leadership within the contexts of health systems, health professionals and health policy. It will focus on characteristics of personal and professional leadership, change theory, and the application of critical thinking to the analysis of work environments, systems and the politics of health.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXP METHODS PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"37836", path:"/courses/37836", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON FOR BUS", number:"null", id:"37021", path:"/courses/37021", description:"The first part of the course covers basic microeconomic concepts such as opportunity cost, comparative advantage, supply and demand, importance of costs and revenues under perfect competition vs. monopoly, externalities and public goods. 

The second part of the course introduces macroeconomic data, two models of the labor market, a model of the aggregate household, and the standard AD-AS model. The course concludes with an introduction to fiscal policy, banking, and the role of the Central Bank.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"39626", path:"/courses/39626", description:"A view of how an animal embryo is specified to develop and differentiate into a wide spectrum of cell types, and how the spatial patterns and axes of embyros are determined. The course will focus on genetic and molecular approaches, but will also cover the comparative anatomy of developing embryos to the extent necessary to understand the conserved aspects of embryonic patterning. Special emphasis will be placed on organisms with particular advantages for the study of embryonic development: e.g., mouse, frog, zebrafish, and Drosophila. The first half of the course will cover cell fate restrictions, cloning animals using nuclear transfer, stem cell biology, formation of the embryonic axes in vertebrates and Drosophila, and patterning of the neural tube and mesodermal tissues. The second half of the course will focus on emerging ideas and findings in the field, with emphasis on analysis of original literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENDER & SEXUALITY JAPAN", number:"null", id:"42619", path:"/courses/42619", description:"If you have ever wondered about the following questions, then this is the right course for you: Is Japan a hyper-feminine nation of smiling geisha and obedient wives? Is it a hyper-masculine nation of samurai and economic warriors? Is it true that Japanese wives control the household? Is it true that Japanese men suffer from over-dependence on their mothers? What do young Japanese women and young men worry about? What does the government think about the future of Japanese women and men? Assuming that expressions of gender and sexuality are deeply influenced by cultural and social factors, and that they also show profound differences regionally and historically, this course examines a variety of texts--historical, biographical, autobiographical, fictional, non-fictional, visual, cinematic, analytical, theoretical--in order to better understand the complexity of any attempts to answer the above questions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN EAS: ART OF ENGINEERING", number:"null", id:"40811", path:"/courses/40811", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Engineering and Applied Science, the study, development, and application of techniques and inventions in the field of Engineering. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CELL MOTILITY & CYTOSKEL", number:"null", id:"39640", path:"/courses/39640", description:"Cytoskeleton and cell motility plays a crucial role in many aspects of normal and pathological physiology of individual cells, tissues, and whole organisms, including morphogenesis, immune response, wound healing, oncogenesis, and infection. This course will cover current topics in cell biology with emphasis on cytoskeleton and cell motility and their roles in these processes. Lectures, student presentations, and discussions in the class will be based on primary scientific literature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIELD METH OF SOC RES", number:"null", id:"37912", path:"/courses/37912", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to field methods in sociological research, with a focus on participant-observation and interviewing. During this course, students will read original research based on field methods and discuss their strenghts, limitations, and ethical dilemmas. Most importantly, students will design their own research projects and become ethnographers and interviewers. Students will be guided through the fieldwork process from data collection to analysis, and will turn in multiple assignments and and original research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY & CLINICAL DECISIONS IN ACUTE CARE", number:"null", id:"40476", path:"/courses/40476", description:"This fieldwork course focuses on development of a systematic approach to advanced physical assessment, the use of diagnostic technologies and the development of a diagnostic reasoning as it applies to patient management of the acutely ill and injured. Emphasis is placed on development of competence to perform a comprehensive history and decision making for the management of acutely ill patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHYSICAL CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"36867", path:"/courses/36867", description:"Introductory quantum mechanics, atomic and molecular structure, chemical bonding, and microscopic understanding of physical and chemical properties of molecules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Fundraising for Nonprofits and Government", number:"null", id:"35839", path:"/courses/35839", description:"This course provides students with concepts and tools that can help nonprofit organizations better achieve their organizational objectives by securing the resouces necessary to do so. Students will, for example, learn how to assess an organization's fundraising capabilities, conduct an annual fund drive, solicit grants from corporations and foundations, conduct prospect research, cultivate and secure major gifts, design planned giving instruments to meet the needs of donors, carry out a capital campaign, and set up information technologies to track fundraising efforts and assist you in the stewardship of gifts. The course is also designed as a study guide for taking (and passing) the examination required to become a Certified Fundraising Executive (CFRE) by the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MACROECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"44013", path:"/courses/44013", description:"Facts and theories about the determination of per capita income and its differences across countries and across time. The study of economic fluctuations in output and employment. The role of government in influencing these aggregate variables: monetary and fiscal policy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY OF COMPUTATION", number:"null", id:"43918", path:"/courses/43918", description:"Review of regular and context-free languages and machine models. Turing machines and RAM models, Decidability, Halting problem, Reductions, Recursively enumerable sets, Universal TMs, Church/Turing thesis. Time and space complexity, hierarchy theorems, the complexity classes P, NP, PSPACE, L, NL, and co-NL. Reductions revisited, Cook-Levin Theorem, completeness, NL = co-NL. Advanced topics as time permits: Circuit complexity and parallel computation, randomized complexity, approximability, interaction and cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"37189", path:"/courses/37189", description:"The objective of this course is to study the major decision-making areas of managerial finance and some selected topics in financial theory. The course reviews the theory and empirical evidence related to the investment and financing policies of the firm and attempts to develop decision-making ability in these areas. This course serves as an extension of FNCE 100 (FNCE 611). Some are as of financial management not covered in FNCE 100 are covered in FNCE 203. These may include leasing, mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations, financial planning and working capital management, and some other selected topics. Other areas that are covered in FNCE 100 are covered more in depth and more rigorously in FNCE 203. These include investment decision making under uncertainty, cost of capital, capital structure, pricing of selected financial instruments and corporate liabilities, and dividend policy. During the Spring semester, Professor Opp does not allow students to take this course pass/fail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL CORP FINAN", number:"null", id:"41419", path:"/courses/41419", description:"Analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics include managing exchange risk through hedging and financing, measuring exchange rate exposure, calculating the cost of capital for foreign operations, assessment of sovereign risks, capital budgeting from a project and parent perspective, and international taxation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING SKILLS REFRESHER", number:"null", id:"41839", path:"/courses/41839", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POL & SOC ENVIRON OF MM", number:"null", id:"38934", path:"/courses/38934", description:"Managing effectively in challenging socio-political environments (e.g., emerging markets) requires a melding of art and skill in engaging external stakeholders to advance corporate interests. This means crafting international coalitions of stakeholders spanning politicians, regulators, bureaucrats, analysts, investors, lawyers, reporters, consumers, non-profits, activists and local communities. It involves influencing these stakeholders' opinions, perceptions, behaviors and decisions so as to secure a favorable policy outcome, collective decision, shift in group opinion or pooling of resources that enhances the corporation's ability to generate a profit by satisfying a market demand. This course surveys the managerial, political, economic, sociological and psychological foundations of corporate diplomacy as well as case study examples of successful and failed implementation in order to develop an interdisciplinary framework for navigating complex socio-political environments. The insights gained can be applied to influence team decision-making and organizational politics as well as by individuals and organizations in lobbying, marketing, product development, distribution and sales, political campaigns and corporate, national or multilateral projections of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISE OF IMAGE CULTURE", number:"null", id:"45043", path:"/courses/45043", description:"Images are ubiquitous in the cultural life of the 21st century, yet only two centries ago they were rare. When and how did pictures come to permeate daily life? How has ordinary experience--psychological, social, cultural, intellectual--changed as a result? This seminar addresses these questions through close reading of influential historical and theoretical writings about the rise of image culture and its effects, including Benjamin, Debord, McLuhan, Mitchell.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PUBLIC FINANCE", number:"null", id:"41254", path:"/courses/41254", description:"This course has two parts. The first looks at market and government failures and discusses the need for public policies as well as limits to their effectiveness including the evaluation of public projects using cost benefit analysis. The second part focuses on the economic analysis of taxation, including the economic incidence and efficiency of taxes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL STATISTICS", number:"null", id:"44932", path:"/courses/44932", description:"This course offers a basic introduction to the application/interpretation of statistical analysis in sociology. Upon completion, you should be familiar with a variety of basic statistical techniques that allow examination of interesting social questions. We begin by learning to describe the characteristics of groups, followed by a discussion of how to examine and generalize about relationships between the characteristics of groups. Emphasis is placed on the understanding/interpretation of statistics used to describe and make generalizations about group characteristics. In addition to hand calculations, you will also become familiar with using PCs to run statistical tests.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEN MOD CHINESE III&IV", number:"null", id:"35454", path:"/courses/35454", description:"Designed for students who have had limited prior exposure to some form of Chinese (Mandarin or other dialects), but inadequate to advance to the intermediate level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUILDING SYSTEMS INTEGRATION", number:"null", id:"40956", path:"/courses/40956", description:"What makes buildings livable and buildable. After the initial concept design and massing studies are complete the next step is detailing. This seminar will examine the detail, how they can inform and enhance a building's design. The primary goals of a building is that it stands up to external forces, protects inhabitants from the elements and provides a healthy environment. This course will look at the individual components of structure, skin and systems. More importantly though, it will examine the connections between them. The class will begin with lectures examining the different systems and then progress into applying these ideas as a whole to individual studio projects. The final results of this course will be a 3D wall section with accompanying details. These details will be developed in a variety of software as chosen by the student. Recommended options are Revit, Rhino, AutoCAD.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO BUSINESS STAT", number:"null", id:"42167", path:"/courses/42167", description:"Data summaries and descriptive statistics; introduction to a statistical computer package; Probability: distributions, expectation, variance, covariance, portfolios, central limit theorem; statistical inference of univariate data; Statistical inference for bivariate data: inference for intrinsically linear simple regression models. This course will have a business focus, but is not inappropriate for students in the college.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENTIFIC INQUIRY FOR EVIDENCE-BASED PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"40441", path:"/courses/40441", description:"This course is designed to advance students' understanding of the research process, methods of scientific inquiry, and analytical techniques. Students acquire knowledge of systematic approaches used by scientists to design and conduct studies. Course content prepares students to appraise quantitative and qualitative research, and evaluate the scientific merit and clinical significance of research for translation into practice. Evidence-based guidelines are examined and rated for strength of evidence and expert consensus using evidence grading systems and defined criteria. Students engage in variety of creative learning experiences to facilitate appreciative inquiry, clinical reasoning, and evidence-based practice. Quality improvement, comparative effectiveness analyses, information science, and electronic health systems technology demonstrate the capacity for measurement and surveillance of nursing-sensitive and other outcomes used to evaluate quality nursing care and test interventions. Ethical, legal and health policy implications for research are explored. This course serves as the basis for scientific inquiry about human experiences to address important problems that require solutions and to expand the research and the evidence base for professional nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL BIOLOGY: Structural Biology & Genomics", number:"null", id:"36861", path:"/courses/36861", description:"This course will explain in non-mathematical terms how essentially all biological properties are determined by the microscopic chemical properties of proteins. It will also explain how research results, especially those of structural biology, are presented to its various audiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"43523", path:"/courses/43523", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts in those regions where Spanish is used . At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through readings, class discussions, and frequent writing assignments. This course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MAJ SEM WORLD AFT 1800: HISTORY OF TRADE", number:"null", id:"40131", path:"/courses/40131", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINC BIOLOGICAL CHEM", number:"null", id:"38268", path:"/courses/38268", description:"Fundamentals of biological chemistry, including the structure of biological macromolecules and their mechanism of action, intermediary metabolism, and the chemical basis of information transfer. Course should be taken concurrently with Chem 242.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LIT ABOUT MUSIC: Literature about Music from Beethoven to Kanye", number:"null", id:"36967", path:"/courses/36967", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL BUSINESS: South Africa: Gateway to Africa", number:"null", id:"37545", path:"/courses/37545", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Crime and Punishment:  Hugo's Les Miserables in Context", number:"null", id:"40039", path:"/courses/40039", description:"Topic changes each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NURSING&GENDERING OF HEALTH CARE IN THE U.S. AND INTERNATIONALLY, 1860-2000", number:"null", id:"44650", path:"/courses/44650", description:"This course examines changing ideas about the nature of health and illness; changing forms of health care delivery; changing experiences of women as providers and patients; changing role expectations and realities for nurses; changing midwifery practice; and changing segmentation of the health care labor market by gender, class and race. It takes a gender perspective on all topics considered in the course. A comparative approach is used as national and international literature is considered. This focus is presented as one way of understanding the complex interrelationships among gender, class, and race in health care systems of the United States and countries abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TRIBOLOGY", number:"null", id:"37499", path:"/courses/37499", description:"The course will compreshensively cover both theorectical and practical tribology, the science and technology of interacting surfaces in relative motion. The various modes of lubrication, hydrodynamic, elastohydradynamic, hydrostatic, mixed, solid and dry, will be studied in detail. The contact between solid surfaces will be covered, leading to an understanding of friction and various modes of wear. At each stage, it will be shown how the tribological principles learned can be applied in practice to improve the efficiency and durability of mechanical equipment and thereby enhance sustainability through energy and materials conservation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38285", path:"/courses/38285", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 211. It aims to further develop students' overall language skills. The textbook will introduce various topics related to Chinese culture, society, economy, people and their everyday life as well as China's development since Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening-up policies in 1978. In class, current issues in China will be integrated to provide a new perspective for discussion. The emphasis is not only to consolidate students' foundation, but also enhance their understanding and distinguish different levels of language. Over the semester, students will have many opportunities to express and share their opinions on various topics related to China via communicative activities, presentations, and written assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING SITAR II", number:"null", id:"43471", path:"/courses/43471", description:"This is the second semester of a performance course in the North Indian sitar Students who have not taken the first semester but play any musical instrument are permitted to join. Principles of composition and improvisation will be explored in practice and supplemented by readings and listening. The class gives a group performance at the end of the semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORPORATE VALUATION", number:"null", id:"41436", path:"/courses/41436", description:"The focus of this course is on the valuation of companies. The course covers current conceptual and theoretical valuation frameworks and translates those frameworks into practical approaches for valuing companies. The relevant accounting topics and the appropriate finance theory are integrated to show how to implement the valuation frameworks discussed on a step-by-step basis. The course teaches how to develop the required information for valuing companies from financial statements and other information sources in a real-world setting. Topics covered in depth include discounted cash flow techniques and price multiples. In addition, the course covers other valuation techniques such as leveraged buyout analysis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN I", number:"null", id:"36753", path:"/courses/36753", description:"An introduction to the design of architecture in the city. Students explore the relationships between two- dimensional patterns and their corresponding three-dimensional interpretations through the orthographic drawings of plan, section, and elevation and three-dimensional digital and physical models.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"QUANT MODEL:DEC/SOC SCI", number:"null", id:"40991", path:"/courses/40991", description:"How is a forest fire relevant to bank failures? What can an urn tell us about constitutional change? In this course we will learn about and apply many different models to a broad range of social science phenomena. Social science problems often have so many details and moving parts that it can be difficult for researchers to gain traction. By using models, we can think abstractly about the core mechanics of a problem - like Brexit, sharing articles on socialmedia or water conservation - and generate expectations for outcomes. This is aclass that moves quickly and covers a lot of ground. Each class we'll discuss adifferent model and its application to social science, looking at how we can apply the model's insights to existing and ongoing questions in social science.This is also a class that involves a fair bit of writing - to be a successful social scientist, you will need to not only have interesting ideas but you willneed to convey those ideas to others effectively. This course will help you on both fronts: we will explore the mathematics of different models and develop our skills to communicate about these models to a broader audience.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RISK MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"39598", path:"/courses/39598", description:"This course introduces the concepts and techniques available to individuals, corporations, governments, and other organizations in their efforts to manage risk. The course explores how individuals and firms assess and evaluate risk, the tools available to successfully manage risk, and real-world frictions that limit the amount of risk-sharing in the economy. We focus on pure risks that are relevant for individuals and firms, such as mortality and health-related expenses, property damage, product liability, and employee benefits (e.g. pensions). The course examines a common set of techniques that can be used by individuals and managers in dealing with risk, including risk assumption, prevention, diversification, and transfer via insurance and non-insurance market mechanisms. Our focus is primarily on explaining the products and institutions that we see in the world, which will prepare students for making decisions in their future careers and lives.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"French Modernity and Its Discontents", number:"null", id:"37235", path:"/courses/37235", description:"Please see the French department's website for the course description. https://www.sas.upenn.edu/french/pc", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44848", path:"/courses/44848", description:"An overview of theories and research across the range of social behavior from intra-individual to the group level including the effects of culture, social environment, and groups on social interaction.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEVELOPMENTAL PSYCHOLING", number:"null", id:"43065", path:"/courses/43065", description:"The generative literature on language acquisition has produced many accurate and insightful descriptions of child language, but relatively few explicit accounts of learning that incorporate the role of individual experience into the knowledge of specific languages. Likewise, the experimental approach to language development has identified processes that could provide the bridge between the data and the grammar, but questions remain whether laboratory findings can sufficiently generalize to the full range of linguistic complexity. This course is an overview of research in language acquisition with particular focus on the important connection between what children know and how they come to know it.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CITIES & SUSTAINABILITY", number:"null", id:"39425", path:"/courses/39425", description:"A good idea is not enough - developing innovative and sustainable projects in cities requires understanding 'how to get things done.' Developing projects to promote sustainability in major US cities requires sensitivity to the political and operational context within which cities implement innovative initiatives. Cities and Sustainability uses Philadelphia as a case study to explore the issues confronting modern American metropolises as they look to manage their resources and promote environmentally friendly policies. URBS 417 will introduce students to leading Philadelphia practitioners of sustainability and municipal projects. Students will be given the tools to politically, economically and critically analyze various sustainable policy initiatives across the United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TEXTS AND CONTEXTS", number:"null", id:"44954", path:"/courses/44954", description:"The primary aim of this course is to develop students' knowledge of the geographical, historical and cultural contexts in those regions where Spanish is used . At the same time that they are introduced to research techniques and materials available in Spanish, students strengthen their language skills through readings, class discussions, and frequent writing assignments. This course is designed to give students a broad understanding of Hispanic culture that will prepare them for upper-level course work and study abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF THE BOOK", number:"null", id:"37048", path:"/courses/37048", description:"The impact of various technologies (from writing to various forms of manuscript to print to electronics) on the way the written word gives shape to a culture. The emphasis is on western cultures from Plato to the present, but participation by students with interest or expertise in non-western cultures will be of great value to the group as a whole. The course offers an ideal perspective from which students can consider meta-issues surrounding their own special interests in a wide variety of fields, as well as learn to think about the way in which traditional fields of study are linked by common inherited cultural practices and constructions. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORETICAL FOUNDATIONS OF HEALTH CARE ETHICS", number:"null", id:"37641", path:"/courses/37641", description:"The theoretical foundations of health care ethics including definitions of ethics, history of bioethics and nursing ethics, and the influence of religion,psychology of moral development and philosophy in the development of ethical theory. Nursing code of ethics, changing ideas in ethics, and discussion of the developing profession of nursing are included.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EVOLUTION OF LANGUAGE", number:"null", id:"36032", path:"/courses/36032", description:"While communication is abundant throughout the living world, the human communication system we call language seems to stand out. Indeed, if humans themselves can be said to stand out among other species on Earth, it may well be language that played the crucial role in getting us here. So where does language come from? This question has been dubbed the hardest problem in science , but the last three decades have seen a notable renaissance in scientific attempts to answer it. This seminar will examine both the results of this multidisciplinary endeavor and the tools that have been employed in it. It will involve discussions of the nature of language and its place among other communication systems and will touch on fundamental questions of what it means to be human.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RDG/WRTG--NEW JOURNALISM: LONG-FORM JOURNALISM", number:"null", id:"38472", path:"/courses/38472", description:"This course will focus on the most revolutionary period in contemporary journalism - the 1960s, when writers such as Tom Wolfe, Michael Herr, Gay Talese, Anthony Lukas, Norman Mailer, and Thomas B. Morgan vastly expanded the possibilities of non-fiction. Dubbed 'the new journalism,' its practitioners adapted certain aspects of the novel (scenes, dialogue, structure) in order to better tell true-life stories. Students in this course will read extensively, to understand how these breakthrough writers have profoundly influenced the long-form journalism of today. A book about the New Journalism, 'The Gang That Couldn't Write Straight,' will be used as a reference. Each student will also write a long-form journalistic piece, using many elements of the form.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AMERICAN FICTION: TRASH:  THE NOVEL", number:"null", id:"37057", path:"/courses/37057", description:"Some versions of this course survey the American novel from its beginnings to the present, focusing on the development of the form, while others concentrate on the development of American fiction in one or two periods. Readings may include novels by writers such as Brown, Cooper, Hawthorne, Melville, Wharton, Morrison, Twain, James, Adams, Chopin, Howells, Norris, Whitman, Dreiser, Fitzgerald, Hemingway, Faulkner, Dos Passos, Ellison, and Nabokov. 

See the English Department's website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of the current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE LTN TXT:LANG & STYLE", number:"null", id:"36012", path:"/courses/36012", description:"What do we need to read texts in Latin? In these courses we read just one prose text and one poetic text, or a very limited number of texts and passages, with a focus on language and formal analysis (such as diction, grammar, stylistics, metrics, rhetoric, textual criticism). A range of exercises will be used to develop this, including composition, lexical studies, recitation, memorization, exegesis, written close-readings, and sight-translation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLTRL HERITAGE&CONFLICT", number:"null", id:"38112", path:"/courses/38112", description:"Intentional destruction of cultural heritage is designed to erase the presence of a people in history and has become an all too familiar feature of the devastation wrought by contemporary violence and 'ethnic cleansing.' Recent cases appear frequently in news headlines and include such well-known examples as the 2001 demolition of the Bamiyan Buddhas in Afghanistan, the 2012 destruction of Sufi shrines in Timbuktu, Mali, and the recent obliteration of historic sites across Syria and Iraq. This course explores this phenomenon by examining such questions as: Why is cultural heritage targeted in conflict? Under what circumstances? By whom? In so doing, we will engage with readings that discuss the historical development of the international laws and norms that aim to protect cultural heritage during conflict and examples successful and unsuccessful humanitarian interventions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMMUNOBIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45112", path:"/courses/45112", description:"Early development of microbiology, pathology, and immunobiology; molecular and cellular bases of immune phenomena including: immunity to pathogens, immune diseases, autoimmunity, and hypersensitivity. This course is open to students in the College of Liberal and Professional Studies only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ATOM MOD IN MATS SCIENCE", number:"null", id:"36171", path:"/courses/36171", description:"This course covers two major aspects of atomic level computer modeling in materials. 1. Methods: Molecular statics, Molecular dynamics, Monte Carlo, Kinetic Monte Carlo as well as methods of analysis such as correlations, radial distribution function, etc. 2. Semi-empirical descriptions of atomic interactions: pair potentials, embedded atom method, covalent bonding, ionic bonding, tight-binding. Basics of the density functional theory. Needed mechanics, condensed matter physics, thermodynamics and statistical mechanics are briefly explained.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS FOR WHARTON STU", number:"null", id:"41671", path:"/courses/41671", description:"Differential calculus, integral calculus, series, differential equations and elements of multivariable calculus, with an emphasis on applications.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"38416", path:"/courses/38416", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPAN FOR MED PROF INT 2", number:"null", id:"42149", path:"/courses/42149", description:"Spanish 145, the continuation of Spanish 135, is an intermediate-level integrated skills language course. It emphasizes the development of reading, writing, listening, and speaking abilities. Students will be expected to participate actively in classroom activities such as communicative activities, role-playing based on typical doctor/patient interactions as well as other medical situations. Students will also review and learn other essential tools of communication applicable both inside and outside the medical field. Students who have already taken Spanish 140 will not receive credit for Spanish 145. Although these courses have different numbers, they are at the same level. Students who have already fulfilled the language requirement (AP, SAT II, etc.) or have taken courses at the 200- and 300-level may not take basic level language courses (100-level courses) in the same language. They will not receive credit for this course (Spanish 145).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS 19TH-C LITERATURE: DISTRACTION", number:"null", id:"41307", path:"/courses/41307", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-century literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECIAL TOPICS", number:"null", id:"39723", path:"/courses/39723", description:"Visit the CIS department website for descriptions of available Special Topics classes.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"40178", path:"/courses/40178", description:"Italian 130 is the first half of a two-semester intermediate sequence designed to help you attain a level of proficiency that will allow you to function comfortably in an Italian-speaking environment. The course will build on your existing skills in Italian, increase your confidence and your ability to read, write, speak and understand the language, and introduce you to more refined lexical items, more complex grammatical structures, and more challenging cultural material. You are expected to have already learned the most basic grammatical structures in elementary Italian and to review these. The course textbook, together with all supplementary materials, will allow you to explore culturally relevant topics and to develop cross-cultural skills through the exploration of similarities and differences between your native culture and the Italian world.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE ZULU I", number:"null", id:"39489", path:"/courses/39489", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"38278", path:"/courses/38278", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 011 The objective of the course is to help students build a solid foundation of the four basic skills--listening, speaking, reading, and writing in an interactive and communicative learning environment. The emphasis is on correct pronunciation, accurate tones and mastery of basic grammatical structures. By the end of the second semester, students will be able to manage many situations that have immediate concern to them, such as relating one's personal life and experiences, expressing preferences and feelings, ordering meals, purchasing goods and asking for directions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMANCE LANG-ELEM I: ELEMENTARY QUECHUA I", number:"null", id:"40640", path:"/courses/40640", description:"Quechua, the language of the Inca Empire and still spoken by approximately 6 million people throughout the Andes, is the most popular indigenous language of South America. The program focuses on the development of written and oral communicative abilities in Quechua through an interactive activity-based approach. Course includes an introduction to Quechua and Andean culture. Students will participate in pair, small-group and whole-class activities. Assessment is based on both students ability to use the language in written and oral tasks and understanding the language and culture. This beginning level Quechua course is designed for students who have little or no previous knowledge of the language. Lectures will be delivered in English and Quechua.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS 19TH-C AMERICAN LIT: MELVILLE/STOWE/DOUGLASS", number:"null", id:"39879", path:"/courses/39879", description:"This course explores an aspect of 19th-century American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MONETARY & FISCAL POLICY", number:"null", id:"44023", path:"/courses/44023", description:"This is an advanced course in macroeconomics. A relatively simple, but well defined and internally consistent model of the U.S. economy is set up and used to study how output is generated given the initial resources, how output is divided between consumption and addition to capital stock, and how this process accumulates over time. The role of prices including the rate of interest in this process is also reviewed, and monetary and fiscal policies needed to improve the performance of the economy under such circumstances are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NUTRITIONAL ASPECTS OF DISEASE", number:"null", id:"44634", path:"/courses/44634", description:"This course provides an advanced understanding of the role of nutrition in integrated biological systems. Students will develop a rigorous comprehension of major clinical disorders, including the underlying pathophysiology and conditions that are affected by nutrition and how optimization of nutritional variables may modulate these processes. A critical overview of the role of nutrition in disease prevention, management and treatment, and in health maintenance will be emphasized throughout the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS II", number:"null", id:"38872", path:"/courses/38872", description:"Functions of several variables, vector-valued functions, partial derivatives and applications, double and triple integrals, conic sections, polar coordinates, vectors and vector calculus, first order ordinary differential equations. Applications to physical sciences. Use of symbolic manipulation and graphics software in calculus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STUDIO LIGHTING: OBJECT AND FORM", number:"null", id:"38573", path:"/courses/38573", description:"The necessity of light and how light is rendered in relationship to what is seen and understood, is often a key ingredient in the portrayal of a subject. The origin of the still life can be found in images as far back as antiquity and has dealt with notions of death, science, class, social customs and even sex. Photography picked up on the tradition in 1827 and has not only made use of the form, but has expanded the topic into very unique territories. Contemporary artists have re-invented and re-invigorated the still life, formalism & abstract photography. As a framework for exploring 'hands-on' lighting techniques, students will creatively grapple with the photography of objects in the studio. Working with the physical, symbolic, and conceptual ramifications of depicting specific forms in an image, teamed with the discussion of key texts, critiques, and studio lighting seminars, each student will create a considered and unique portfolio of images.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO INTL RELATIONS", number:"null", id:"40576", path:"/courses/40576", description:"This course is an introduction to the major theories and issues in international politics. The goals of the course are to give students a broad familiarity with the field of international relations, and to help them develop the analytical skills necessary to think critically about international politics. The course is divided into four parts: 1) Concepts and Theories of International Relations; 2) War and Security; 3) The Global Economy; and 4) Emerging Issues in International Relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"44011", path:"/courses/44011", description:"Introduction to the theory of international trade and international monetary economics. The theoretical background is used as a basis for discussion of policy issues. Patterns of international trade and production; gains from trade; tariffs, and impediments to trade; foreign exchange markets, balance of payments, capital flows, financial crises, coordination of monetary and fiscal policy in a global economy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INDUS REL & HUM RES MGMT", number:"null", id:"41720", path:"/courses/41720", description:"This undergraduate core course introduces students to a combination of basic concepts and timely topics around work and employment. As such, it is divided into two main sections and two quarters within each of those. The first main section deals with micro-level work issues, while the second main section deals with macro-level work issues. Within each of those sections, the first quarter focuses on basic concepts, while the quarter section deals with more applied topics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE KOREAN I", number:"null", id:"37399", path:"/courses/37399", description:"This is a continuation of KORN 012. This course is designed to develop students' Korean language proficiency to the intermediate-low level of the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines. Authentic materials, as well as various student-centered activities that are highly contextualized in everyday interactions will be used. Upon completion of the course, students will be able to present and exchange information on a variety of topics such as weather, fashion, travel, mailing, housing, public transportation, and shopping.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Applied Probability Models in Marketing", number:"null", id:"45213", path:"/courses/45213", description:"This course will expose students to the theoretical and empirical 'building blocks' that will allow them to develop and implement powerful models of customer behavior. Over the years, researchers and practitioners have used these methods for a wide variety of applications, such as new product sales forecasting, analyses of media usage, customer valuation, and targeted marketing programs. These same techniques are also very useful for other types of business (and non-business) problems. The course will be entirely lecture-based with a strong emphasis on real-time problem solving. Most sessions will feature sophisticated numerical investigations using Microsoft Excel. Much of the material is highly technical.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONALISM AND ETHNIC CONFLICT IN FILM", number:"null", id:"43463", path:"/courses/43463", description:"This course studies the cinematic representation of civil wars, ethnic conflicts, nationalistic doctrines, and genocidal policies. The focus is on the violent developments that took place in Russia and on the Balkans after the collapse of the Soviet Bloc and were conditioned by the new geopolitical dynamics that the fall of communism had already created. We study media broadcasts, documentaries, feature films representing the Eastern, as well as the Western perspective. The films include masterpieces such as 'Time of the Gypsies', 'Underground', 'Prisoner of the Mountains', 'Before the Rain', 'Behind Enemy Lines', and others.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PROGRAMMING", number:"null", id:"36942", path:"/courses/36942", description:"The goals of this course are twofold: (1) to take good programmers and turn them into excellent ones, and (2) to introduce them to a range of modern software engineering practices, in particular those embodied in advanced functional programming languages.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CALCULUS III", number:"null", id:"38877", path:"/courses/38877", description:"Linear algebra: vectors, matrices, systems of linear equations, vector spaces, subspaces, spans, bases, and dimension, eigenvalues, and eigenvectors, maxtrix exponentials. Ordinary differential equations: higher-order homogeneous and inhomogeneous ODEs and linear systems of ODEs, phase plane analysis, non-linear systems.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELECTRONIC MUSIC", number:"null", id:"43187", path:"/courses/43187", description:"Introduction to techniques of electronic composition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PLANT PHYSIOLOGY THROUGH SPACE AND TIME", number:"null", id:"42458", path:"/courses/42458", description:"This course is a lab/lecture/seminar hybrid that will meet once per week for three hours. Each session will consist of mini-lecture/lab, paper discussions/lab, or solely lab efforts. All reading assignments will be available on Canvas (no textbook fees). We will exam various aspects of photosynthesis, water relations and nutrient acquisition in the context of the evolutionary progression of higher plants. With each subject, we will consider, measure, and in some cases model whole-plant physiology while examining sub-cellular-level controls and ecosystem-to-global-level consequences. This course is designed to give molecular biologists through earth-system scientists the tools to measure and understand whole-plant physiological responses to molecular manipulation and environmental variability. All students will learn to appreciate the context of their work on both micro and macro scales.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSPCT IN FRENCH LIT: THE INDIVIDUAL & SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"38645", path:"/courses/38645", description:"This basic course in literature provides an overview of French literature and acquaints students with major literary trends through the study of representative works from each period. Special emphasis is placed on close reading of texts in order to familiarize students with major authors and their characteristics and with methods of interpretation. Students are expected to take an active part in class discussion in French. French 222 has as its theme the Individual and Society.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESP IN GLOBAL MGMT", number:"null", id:"38839", path:"/courses/38839", description:"This course uses the global business context to introduce students to important legal and ethical challenges they will face as business leaders, with a particular focus on large, publicly traded, multinational corporations. Cases and materials will address how business leaders, constrained by law and motivated to act responsibly in a global context, should analyze relevant variables to make wise decisions. Topics will include an introduction to the basic theoretical frameworks used in the analysis of ethical issues, such as right-based, consequentialist-based, and virtue-based reasoning, and conflicting interpretations of corporate responsibility. The course will include materials that introduce students to basic legal (common law vs. civil law) and normative (human rights) regimes at work in the global economy as well as sensitize them to the role of local cultural traditions in global business activity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"AUTOMATA,COMPUT.& COMPLX", number:"null", id:"41139", path:"/courses/41139", description:"This course explores questions fundamental to computer science such as which problems cannot be solved by computers, can we formalize computing as a mathematical concept without relying upon the specifics of programming languages and computing platforms, and which problems can be solved efficiently. The topics include finite automata and regular languages, context-free grammars and pushdown automata, Turing machines and undecidability, tractability and NP-completeness. The course emphasizes rigorous mathematical reasoning as well as connections to practical computing problems such as test processing, parsing, XML query languages, and program verification.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPIC E. ASIAN RELIGION: RELIGION, STATE, SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"39272", path:"/courses/39272", description:"Spring 2013 Topic: Religion, State, and Society in East Asia. This course examines the relationship between religious institutions and the state in East Asia. Focusing on China and Japan, we will learn about the impact of religious ideas, practices, and organizations on social, political and economic processes and inspect the role of religion in the consolidation of individual, communal, and national identity. Adopting a comparative and transnational approach, we will examine the impact of Asian religious traditions: Confucianism, Daoism, Buddhism, and Shinto, as well as global religions such as Islam and Christianity, on the internal sociopolitical structure of the Chinese and Japanese states and their role in shaping power relations on the international level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNICATION INTERNSHIP", number:"null", id:"42597", path:"/courses/42597", description:"Seminar for students concurrently participating in department-approved internships in communication-related organizations. Students will develop independent research agendas to investigate aspects of their internship experience or industry. Building on written field notes, assigned readings, and classroom discussion and evaluation, students will produce final papers using ethnographic methods to describe communications within their site or industry in order to understand and critically examine their hands-on experiences.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"1000 YRS MUSICAL LISTENG", number:"null", id:"43173", path:"/courses/43173", description:"We know that we like music and that it moves us, yet it is often difficult to pinpoint exactly why, and harder still to explain what it is we are hearing. This course takes on those issues. It aims to introduce you to a variety of music, and a range of ways of thinking, talking and writing about music. The majority of music dealt with will be drawn from the so-called 'Classical' repertory, from the medieval period to the present day, including some of the 'greats' such as Handel, Beethoven, Mozart, Berlioz, and Verdi, but will also introduce you to music you will most likely never have encountered before. This course will explore the technical workings of music and the vocabularies for analyzing music and articulating a response to it; it also examines music as a cultural phenomenon, considering what music has meant for different people, from different societies across the ages and across geographical boundaries. As well as learning to listen ourselves, we will also engage with a history of listening. No prior musical knowledge is required. (Formerly Music 021). Fulfills College Cross Cultural Foundational Requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE:     The Heidi Chronicles by Wendy Wasserstein", number:"null", id:"36595", path:"/courses/36595", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"35827", path:"/courses/35827", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NAT&CULT HER GLOBAL PERS", number:"null", id:"42343", path:"/courses/42343", description:"This seminar will explore the ideas surrounding the theories, discourses, and practices surrounding natural and cultural heritage. Heritage has become inscribed in the planning of urban and rural landscapes, designed as tourist destinations, and considered a universal good in global cosmopolitan society. But it would be well to ask: what kind of 'nature' and 'culture' has been labeled as heritage? What kind of organizations, economics, and politics are necessary to sustain it? How are these put in place? By whom? For whom? Over the course of the semester, students will engage with readings that discuss how cultural and natural heritage is communicated to the public and the relationship between academic critique and pragmatic social engagement. This seminar is further grounded by a partnership between the Penn Cultural Heritage Center and the U.S. Mission to UNESCO focused on the assessment of World Heritage Sites, and students will have the opportunity to learn from and participate in specific case studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"41881", path:"/courses/41881", description:"This is a laboratory/clinical course designed to help prospective nurse practitioners develop advanced clinical assessment skills. Provider-patient interaction, data collection, and hypothesis formulation are emphasized. All participants engage in actual practice with fellow students, and/or models, and consenting patients.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTEGRATED PATHOPHYSIOLOGY, PHARMACOLOGY, AND THERAPEUTICS", number:"null", id:"39035", path:"/courses/39035", description:"Pathophysiologic concepts and processes are introduced with major emphasis on commonly occurring acute and chronic illnesses and their therapeutic interventions. Major classes of drugs that are used to support organ function are explored. The physiological and pathophysiological rationale for each drug indication, mechanisms of drug action, individualized dosing implications, and adverse drug events will be explored for prototypical agents used in the selected cases. The course will enhance the student's comprehension of the scientific complexity of therapeutic interventions in various conditions and will build upon the foundational sciences. Additionally the course will provide the student with sufficient scientific knowledge and skills to prepare administer and monitor drugs and therapies in a safe and effective manner.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBEDDED SOFTWARE", number:"null", id:"39736", path:"/courses/39736", description:"This course is focused on cyber physical systems with emphasis on real-time issues. Cyber physical systems are integrations of computation and communication with physical processes. Embedded computers monitor and control physical processes in real-time. As these embedded computer transformed from word processors to global communications devices for information gathering and sharing, embedded computers will change from small self-contained systems to cyber-physical systems by sensing,", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED PHARMACOLOGY & THERAPEUTICS FOR NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"43249", path:"/courses/43249", description:"Advanced principles of clinical pharmacology and therapeutics are applied to the nursing care of individuals across the life-stage spectrum. It focuses on the content and knowledge employed by the advanced practice registered nurse in the management of various conditions and disease states. The course builds on the pharmacology knowledge base acquired in the baccalaureate nursing program. The advanced pharmacology and therapeutics of several common diseases or conditions found in the acute care and primary care setting is presented. This is supplemented with pharmacotherapy modules to meet program specific needs.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY LITERARY CRIT: LIT THEORY ANC TO MODERN", number:"null", id:"38359", path:"/courses/38359", description:"This is a course on the history of literary theory, a survey of major debates about literature, poetics, and ideas about what literary texts should do, from ancient Greece to examples of modern European thought. The first half of the course will focus on early periods: Greek and Roman antiquity, especially Plato and Aristotle; the medieval period (including St. Augustine, Dante, and Boccaccio), and the early modern period ( such as Philip Sidney and Giambattista Vico). We'll move into modern and 20th century by looking at the literary (or 'art') theories of some major philosophers, artists, and poetsKant, Hegel, Shelley, Marx, the painter William Morris, Freud, and the critic Walter Benjamin. We'll end with a look at Foucault's work. The point of this course is to consider closely the Western European tradition which generated questions that are still with us, such as: what is the 'aesthetic'; what is 'imitation' or mimesis; how are we to know an author's intention; and under what circumstances should literary texts ever be censored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STEM CELLS,PROT&DRUG DEL", number:"null", id:"43849", path:"/courses/43849", description:"Lectures on modern topics and methods in cell and molecular biology and biomedicine from the perspective of soft matter science and engineering. Discussions and homeworks will cover soft matter related tools and concepts used to 1) isolate, grow, and physically characterize stem cells, 2) quantify biomolecular profiles, 3) deliver drugs to these cells and other sites (such as tumors with cancer stem cells) will be discussed. Skills in analytical and professiona presentations, papers and laboratory work will be developed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EXPLORING DATA SCIENCE METHODS WITH HEALTH CARE DATA", number:"null", id:"44709", path:"/courses/44709", description:"The growth and development of electronic health records, genetic information, sensor technologies and computing power propelled health care into the big data era. This course will emphasize data science strategies and techniques for extracting knowledge from structured and unstructured data sources. The course will follow the data science process from obtaining raw data, processing and cleaning, conducting exploratory data analysis, building models and algorithms, communication and visualization, to producing data products. Students will participate in hands-on exercises whenever possible.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO BUSINESS ECONOM", number:"null", id:"35361", path:"/courses/35361", description:"This course explores the economics and politics of public policy to provide an analytic framework for considering why, how, and with what success/failure government intervenes in a variety of policy areas. Particular attention will be paid to important policy issues relating to taxation, social security, low-income assistance, health insurance, education (both K-12 and higher ed), the environment, and government deficits. The costs and benefits of alternative policies will be explored along with the distribution of responsibilities between the federal, state and local governments. While the course will focus primarily on U.S. policies, the topics covered (e.g. tax reform, deficits versus austerity, etc.) are currently at the center of the policy debate in many other industrialized countries as well.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STAT FOR ECONOMISTS", number:"null", id:"44014", path:"/courses/44014", description:"The course focuses on elementary probability and inferential statistical techniques. The course begins with a survey of basic descriptive statistics and data sources and then covers elementary probability theory, sampling, estimation, hypothesis testing, correlation, and regression. The course focuses on practical issues involved in the substantive interpretation of economic data using the techniques of statistical inference. For this reason empirical case studies that apply the techniques to real-life data are stressed and discussed throughout the course, and students are required to perform several statistical analyses of their own.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIXED INCOME SECURITIES", number:"null", id:"42809", path:"/courses/42809", description:"This course covers fixed income securities (including fixed income derivatives) and provides an introduction to the markets in which they are traded, as well as to the tools that are used to value these securities and to assess and manage their risk. Quantitative models play a key role in the valuation and risk management of these securities. As a result, although every effort will be made to introduce the various pricing models and techniques as intuitively as possible and the technical requirements are limited to basic calculus and statistics, the class is by its nature quantitative and will require a steady amount of work. In addition, some computer proficiency will be required for the assignments, although familiarity with a spreadsheet program (such as Microsoft Excel) will suffice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"OPERATIONS STRATEGY: OPERATIONS STRATEGY PRACTICUM", number:"null", id:"44735", path:"/courses/44735", description:"This course will focus on the management of operations at manufacturing and service facilities of domestic corporations and foreign multinational companies. Our emphasis will be on the evolving patterns of operations strategies adopted by firms for producing products, sourcing manufacturing, distributing products, delivering services and managing product design as well as on programs for enhancing quality, productivity and flexibility. The course will focus on the formulationn and execution of such strategies for a collection of firms in the context of the current dynamics of global competition. The course consists of a set of site visits and in-class sessions which include lectures, case discussions and management speakers who will describe their company's current strategy.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH OF POPULATIONS", number:"null", id:"42126", path:"/courses/42126", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to the quantitative study of factors that influence the health of populations. Topics to be addressed include methods for characterizing levels of health in populations, comparative and historical perspectives on population health, health disparities, health policy issues and the effectiveness of interventions for enhancing the health of populations. These topics will be addressed both for developed and developing world populations. The course will focus on specific areas of health and some of the major issues and conclusions pertaining to those domains. Areas singled out for attention include chronic diseases and their major risk factors, such as smoking, physical activity, dietary factors and obesity. Throughout the course, the focus will be on determining the quality of evidence for health policy and understanding the manner in which it was generated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DEAF CULTURE", number:"null", id:"44434", path:"/courses/44434", description:"This course is an advanced/conversational ASL course that explores several key topics related to Deaf Culture. Using only ASL in class, students will read and discuss books, articles, and films related to the following topics: Deaf History, Deaf Identity, Deafness as Asset, Communication Issues and Pathological Perspectives on Deafness, Deafness and Education, Deaf/Hearing Family Dynamics. Language growth will stem from direct instruction as well as through the course of class conversation. Students will collaborate with the instructor and our Deaf community liaison to develop and host an event that is accessible to both Deaf and hearing people alike.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEING HUMAN: BIOLOGY, CULTURE, & HUMAN DIVERSITY", number:"null", id:"43691", path:"/courses/43691", description:"This course will investigate human biology from evolutionary and biocultural perspectives. Using this approach, the class will explore what it means to be human. We will examine humans as mammals, as primates, and as hominins (our own lineage). We will also study the basics of human genetics, growth and development, immune function, nutrition, life history, and adaptations to diet and disease. In addition, we will review biological variation in contemporary and past societies and the evolutionary processes that helped to shape them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP DEV: MERG & ACQUIS", number:"null", id:"40319", path:"/courses/40319", description:"This course explores the various modes of corporate development available to managers to drive firm growth and change, including alliances, outsourcing, corporate venturing, and particularly mergers and acquisitions. The objectives are three-fold: (1) to arm you with a set of tools to facilitate the selection of the appropriate growth strategy in a given situation; (2) to provide you with insights as to how to manage partnerships like alliances, outsourcing, and corporate venturing; and, (3) to develop a comprehensive framework for executing M&As, from initiation to implementation. The emphasis is on strategic and operational aspects of these transactions, rather than financial considerations. We begin by examining the different modes of corporate development, including the applicability and management approaches for each, particularly various types of partnerships. We then delve into acquisition screening and deal-making. Afterwards, we consider in detail post-merger integration. The course ends with the presentation of project work and a review of the course learnings. In terms of its pedagogical approach, this is designed to be an interactive, applied, case-based course with accompanying conceptual readings to help structure your thinking.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIOLOGY OF WORK: Sociology of Work in a Changing World", number:"null", id:"44931", path:"/courses/44931", description:"The material world is shaped and maintained through work, but so is the social world. How work is organized, allocated, and rewarded determines the opportunities people have for developing their own capacities, the kinds of ties they will have with others, and how much control they will have over their own lives. We will consider various sociological perspectives on work and compare alternative ways of organizing work, with a focus on the contemporary United States.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Where the Wild Things Play Quidditch", number:"null", id:"45149", path:"/courses/45149", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE ETRUSCANS", number:"null", id:"41178", path:"/courses/41178", description:"The Etruscans, who spoke a language unlike any others known, were cast by their Greek and Roman rivals as outsiders and enemies: pirates, lovers of luxury, loose women. Today we must rely on the archaeological evidence of painted tombs, decorated Tuscan temples and massive engineering works to correct the picture. The course will survey a millennium (1st millennium BCE) of Etruscan culture through archaeological sites, shipwrecks and trading posts, works of art and everyday material culture, including the landscape and built environment, technology, seafaring and war, womens world, and the unique religion for which Etruria was famous, ending with a surprising array of examples of Etruscan heritage embraced by society from the time of Augustus to the present day.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRITICAL WRITING SEMINAR: EINSTEIN & PICASSO", number:"null", id:"42253", path:"/courses/42253", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Cultural Studies and Criticism, the interdisciplinary study of how culture creates and affects individual experiences. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FOLKLORE AND SEXUALITY", number:"null", id:"41444", path:"/courses/41444", description:"Sexuality is usually thought of as being biological or social, divided into categories of natural and unnatural. Often misssed are its creative and communicative aspects. Examining the constructed social elements of sexuality requires attention be paid to folklore in groups, between individuals and on the larger platform of popular technological media. The most interesting locations for exploration are those places where borderlands or margins, occur between genders, orientations and other cultural categories. A field-based paper will be required that must include documentary research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DCC RESEARCH SEMINAR: Democracy, Citizenship & Constitutionalism Research Seminar", number:"null", id:"42032", path:"/courses/42032", description:"The course is intended for Andrea Mitchell Centre Undergraduate Fellows to present their research ideas, share with the class progress on their ongoing projects, and receive constructive feedback from fellow students and the course instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRITAIN TO 1700", number:"null", id:"37306", path:"/courses/37306", description:"The subject of this course is the history of the British Isles from the Roman Conquest in 43AD to the creation of the United Kingdom in 1707. Between these two dates the various societies and cultures in the British Isles were brought into the orbit of the Roman Empire, converted to latin Christianity, and developed distinctive cultures and strong ties with the Continent. From the twelfth century on, the kingdom of England began to exert its power over Wales, Ireland, and Scotland, although English power waxed and waned in these areas between the twelfth and the seventeenth centuries. The Anglo-Norman continental empire of the Plantagenet dynasty also played a large part in shaping the English monarchy, as did the playing out of the Hundred Years War, the internal divisions in fifteenth-century English society, and the rise of the Tudor-Stuart dynasty.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GPU PROGRAMMING&ARCH", number:"null", id:"41162", path:"/courses/41162", description:"This course examines the architecture and capabilities of modern GPUs. The graphics processing unit (GPU) has grown in power over recent years, to the point where many computations can be performed faster on the GPU than on a traditional CPU. GPUs have also become programmable, allowing them to be used for a diverse set of applications far removed from traditional graphics settings. Topics covered include architectural aspects of modern GPUs, with a special focus on their streaming parallel nature, writing programs on the GPU using high level languages like Cg and BrookGPU, and using the GPU for graphics and general purpose applications in the area of geometry modeling, physical simulation, scientific computing and games. Students are expected to have a basic understanding of computer architecture and graphics, and should be proficient in OpenGL and C/C++. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SOCIAL IDENTITY IN LANG: Social Identity in Language", number:"null", id:"37430", path:"/courses/37430", description:"Language and social interaction are fundamentally intertwined. In this course we will explore their influence on one another. In the first part of the semester we'll ask what we learn about someone from the way they speak: how social meaning is extracted from language. In the second part of the course we will ask how our social judgments about speakers influence the perception and processing of language itself. Themes throughout will include linguistics as a science, hypothesis formation and testing, experimental design, and the social impacts of linguistic bias.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED TAMIL", number:"null", id:"37975", path:"/courses/37975", description:"This course is a continuation of the Advance Tamil Course I and its primary focus is to concentrate particularly on any one of the genres of the Tamil language namely Sangam, medieval or modern Tamil, which span a vast variety of texts from Aham, Puram, religious poems along with a whole array of Tamil inscriptions. The familiarity from Advanced Tamil I course will be adequately used to master in any aspect of these three genres of the Tamil language. Based on the general interests of the students who are enrolled in this course specific variety of the text to concentrate upon will be selected. In the past, we have read poems from the Sangam genre Purananuru, Ahananuru, Silappatikaram, Manimekalai etc., along with the parallel religious poems from Tirumurai, Nalayira Divyaprabandam and so on. We have also read as part of this course texts from Islam literature, Tamil inscriptions and other related kinds. Text from the instructors book (to be published), 'Ilakkiyap payaNangkaL' will be used to give a birds eye view to students about Tamil literature and the transitions that took place from Sangam, medieval and modern period. This course will train students to have a near-native proficiency in Tamil along with a professional skill in any particular variety of the Tamil language.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LSMP CAPSTONE", number:"null", id:"40246", path:"/courses/40246", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NATIONS, NATIONALISM & POLITICS", number:"null", id:"38092", path:"/courses/38092", description:"This course explores historical and ethnographic approaches to the diverse forms of nations and nationalism in the world. Course discussions will begin by examining how capitalism contributed to the formation of a nationalist bourgeois class and how this 'historical' class took a key role in creating the concepts of nation, national territory and unified national market. We will investigate how people and local communities reacted to the changes caused by these spreading ideas. By reading about the various forms and idea of nation and nationalism, students can understand how the unique conditions of a specific locale have affected their formation, sometimes with destructiv consequences, examining cases both from 'the West' and 'the rest'. In the case of the West we will firstly look into the constructive role of bourgeois class during the French Revolution and how they created the ideal form of a nation, which has clearly divided national territories, a national language and a national education system, army, and most of all, a unified national market. Later we will discuss how the image of the ideal nation has been transferred to other places and transformed according to the specific local situations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN STSC: VIDEO GAME PSYCHOLOGY", number:"null", id:"45077", path:"/courses/45077", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Science, Technology, and Society Studies, the examination of how cultural, political, and social values affect scientific and technological innovation. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing sitations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effectiver writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SPANISH II", number:"null", id:"43516", path:"/courses/43516", description:"Spanish 140 is a fourth-semester language course that both reinforces and enhances the communicative skills (listening, speaking, reading and writing) previously acquired while exploring the rich cultural mosaic of the Spanish-speaking world. Class activities are designed so that students can build up these four skills in order to function at an intermediate language level. Readings focused on contemporary social and political issues of the Hispanic world will advance your knowledge of Hispanic and cultural practices while increasing your intercultural competence. Unique to this course is the preparation of an oral presentation on a topic related to the Hispanic world throughout the semester and presented during the last days of classes. The purpose of this task is to help students develop their presentational competence in Spanish. Conducted entirely in Spanish, this class will provide students with ample opportunties to work in small groups and in pairs while gaining confidence communicating in Spanish. This course satisfies the language requirement at Penn. Goals: By the end of this course, students can expect to handle a variety of situations in a Spanish-speaking setting, such as:", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"The Middle East in the World Economy", number:"null", id:"37346", path:"/courses/37346", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PAIN SCIENCE & PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"36255", path:"/courses/36255", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CORP DEV: MERG & ACQUIS", number:"null", id:"37531", path:"/courses/37531", description:"This course explores the various modes of corporate development available to managers to drive firm growth and change, including alliances, outsourcing, corporate venturing, and particularly mergers and acquisitions. The objectives are three-fold: (1) to arm you with a set of tools to facilitate the selection of the appropriate growth strategy in a given situation; (2) to provide you with insights as to how to manage partnerships like alliances, outsourcing, and corporate venturing; and, (3) to develop a comprehensive framework for executing M&As, from initiation to implementation. The emphasis is on strategic and operational aspects of these transactions, rather than financial considerations. We begin by examining the different modes of corporate development, including the applicability and management approaches for each, particularly various types of partnerships. We then delve into acquisition screening and deal-making. Afterwards, we consider in detail post-merger integration. The course ends with the presentation of project work and a review of the course learnings. In terms of its pedagogical approach, this is designed to be an interactive, applied, case-based course with accompanying conceptual readings to help structure your thinking. 

Given the nature of the course, we will also apply the lessons from the cases to understand the challenges and implications of relevant recent and on-going deals. In addition, guest speakers with experience in investment banking, consulting, and industry will be invited to share their perspectives. A semester-long group project is intended to give you the opportunity to apply your learning from the course to a context that is most interesting and relevant to you.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"43128", path:"/courses/43128", description:"Management 801 is the foundation course in the Entrepreneurial Management program. The purpose of this course is to explore the many dimensions of new venture creation and growth. While most of the examples in class will be drawn from new venture formation, the principles also apply to entrepreneurship in corporate settings and to non-profit entrepreneurship. We will be concerned with content and process questions as well as with formulation and implementation issues that relate to conceptualizing, developing, and managing successful new ventures. The emphasis in this course is on applying and synthesizing concepts and techniques from functional areas of strategic management, finance, accounting, managerial economics, marketing, operations management, and organizational behavior in the context of new venture development. The class serves as both a stand alone class and as a preparatory course to those interested in writing and venture implementation (the subject of the semester-long course, MGMT806).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE EUROPEAN UNION", number:"null", id:"42022", path:"/courses/42022", description:"This lecture course, after introductory sessions which outline the EU's core institutions, is built on an exposition of the works of major thinkers who have reflected on the European Union's origins, outcomes and significance. It critically reviews their arguments, especially their relevance to major recent crises, notably: the failure of the European Constitution, the current crisis of credibility facing the Euro. Whether the European Union is a confederation, a federation, an empire, or a novel political formation shall be examined. Whether its recent major widening signals an end to its institutional deepening will be discussed. Whether the Union has 'a democratic deficit' is examined, as is the claim that in external relations it represents a novel form of soft power.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ASP-CORP RESTRUCTURING", number:"null", id:"35789", path:"/courses/35789", description:"The objective of this course is to familiarize students with the financial, legal and strategic issues associated the corporate restructuring process. The main focus of the course will be on restructuring financially distressed firms. We will begin by reviewing the financial instruments commonly used by risky firms (leveraged loans and high yield bonds) and learn to interpret the contracts that govern them (out-of-court workouts, exchange offers, prepackaged and pre-negotiated bankrupticies, distressed asset sales, and Chapter 11 reorganizations) available to troubled firms and study the dynamics of the restructuring process through a number of historical and current case studies. Finally, we will consider distressed debt as an asset class and develop techniques for investing in distressed securities. The course will provide students with tools to value distressed companies, understand the legalframework governing bankruptcy and reorganization in the U.S. and other countries, and navigate the key strategic issues facing managers and investors in distressed companies. It will also provide students with a specialized vocabulary and important facts about the restructuring industry, distress investing, and leveraged financial markets. Course content is a mixture of lectures, case studies and guest speakers in the restructuring industry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH OF POPULATIONS", number:"null", id:"36511", path:"/courses/36511", description:"This course is designed to introduce students to the quantitative study of factors that influence the health of populations. Topics to be addressed include methods for characterizing levels of health in populations, comparative and historical perspectives on population health, health disparities, health policy issues and the effectiveness of interventions for enhancing the health of populations. These topics will be addressed both for developed and developing world populations. The course will focus on specific areas of health and some of the major issues and conclusions pertaining to those domains. Areas singled out for attention include chronic diseases and their major risk factors, such as smoking, physical activity, dietary factors and obesity. Throughout the course, the focus will be on determining the quality of evidence for health policy and understanding the manner in which it was generated.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARABIC IN RESIDENCE", number:"null", id:"38124", path:"/courses/38124", description:"The Arabic House is dedicated to practicing Modern Standard Arabic outside of the classroom setting. The group meets two evenings per week for an hour of conversation practice, snacks, and mint tea. Conversations are both casual and group-led. Members are encouraged to bring any questions about their homework from class or about the Arabic language in general. Most activities are held in the Greenhouse of the Class of 1925 building located at 3941 Irving Street. Additional cultural activities may take place in Gregory, elsewhere at Penn or throughout Philadelphia. All students and Arabic enthusiasts, whether graduate or undergraduate, first-semester beginners or native speakers, are welcome to attend. Dedicated undergraduate students may choose to enroll for credit (Arabic 180).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NEURBIOL BRAIN DISORDERS", number:"null", id:"36806", path:"/courses/36806", description:"The human brain is clearly the most complicated and magical organ in the body. We don't completely understand how it works, but we do know, unfortunately, fora variety of reasons, the human brain is prone to failure, either by acute injury, chronic degeneration, genetic flaws in its composition, or unknown disturbances in its behavior. Diseases of the brain can take many forms but are all uniformly devastating for individuals, families, and our society, and are also very costly. This course will explore the ways in which various brain disorders (both neurological and psychiatric) manifest themselves and discuss their underlying neurobiological mechanisms. In addition, the social and economic inpact of these diseases on society will be considered, as well as some well publicized political issues surrounding many on these brain disorders.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RESEARCH SEMINAR", number:"null", id:"36581", path:"/courses/36581", description:"This is a capstone seminar for STSC maors, and a required seminar for any STSC junior who wishes to write a senior thesis for honors in the major. It is designed to provide the tools necessary to undertake original research by guiding students through the research and writing process. Students will produce either a polished proposal for a senior thesis project, or a completed research paper by the end of the term. Although each student will work on a different topic, the class will focus on general aspects of historical, and social scientific research and guide students through a close reading of key texts in science and technology studies.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PERSIAN POETRY IN TRANS", number:"null", id:"44607", path:"/courses/44607", description:"This course introduces some of the major genres and themes of Persian poetry from ancient to modern Iran. Epic and romance, love and mysticism, wine and drunkenness, wisdom and madness, body and mind, sin and temptation are some of the key themes that will be explored through a close reading of poems in this course. The course suits undergraduate students of all disciplines, as it requires no prior knowledge of or familiarity with the Persian language or the canon of Persian literature. All teaching materials are available in English translation. Students are expected to attend seminars and take part in discussions", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PARIS IN FILM", number:"null", id:"42859", path:"/courses/42859", description:"Latter-day examples like Christophe Honore's Dans Paris, Cedric Klapisch's Paris or the international omnibus Paris, je t'aime (with each director paying homage to a distinctive 'arrondissement' of the capital), not to mention American blockbusters like The Da Vinci Code and Inception or Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris, are there to remind us that there is something special -- indeed, a special kind of magic -- about Paris in and on film. Despite the extreme polarization between Paris and provincial France in both cultural and socio-economic terms, cultural historians have argued that Paris is a symbol of France (as a centralized nation), more than Rome is of Italy and much more than Madrid is of Spain or Berlin of Germany, for example. The prevalence of the City of Lights on our screens, Gallic and otherwise, should therefore come as no surprise, be it as a mere backdrop or as a character in its own right. But how exactly are the French capital and its variegated people captured on celluloid? Can we find significant differences between French and non-French approaches, or between films shot on location that have the ring of 'authenticity' and studio-bound productions using reconstructed sets? Do these representations vary through time and perhaps reflect specific historical periods or zeitgeists?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"URBAN EDUCATION", number:"null", id:"40774", path:"/courses/40774", description:"This seminar focuses on two main questions: 1) How have US schools and urban ones in particular continued to reproduce inequalities rather than ameliorating them? 2) In the informational age, how do the systems affecting education need to change to create more successful and equitable outcomes? The course is designed to bridge the divide between theory and practice. Each class session looks at issues of equity in relation to an area of practice (e.g. lesson design, curriculum planning, fostering positive student identities, classroom management, school funding, policy planning...), while bringing theoretical frames to bear from the fields of education, sociology, anthropology and psychology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROMANCE", number:"null", id:"39849", path:"/courses/39849", description:"This course will focus on what is arguably the most extravagant, adventuresome, and fantastical of the literary genres: the Romance. We will read a number of medieval and renaissance romance narratives, in verse and prose, beginning with the Arthurian romances (Malory's Morte D'Arthur, Sir Gawain And The Green Knight) and continuing with as many (and as much) of the great renaissance romances as time will allow: Sir Philip Sidney's Arcadia, Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queen, and Lady Mary Wroth's Urania.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MARKETS FOR PURE RISK", number:"null", id:"35370", path:"/courses/35370", description:"The increased frequency and severity of pure risk events hinders corporations' abilities to execute strategy and deliver sustainable financial results to stakeholders. Prominent recent examples include disruptions from Hurricane Katrina, Japan's earthquake/nuclear disaster/supply chain breakdowns, Thai floods, U.S. wildfires, and global terrorist attacks. At the same time, both industrialized and emerging economies understand that the management and financing of pure risk is critical to the success of their economies. Consequently, the rising demand for risk capital has ushered in several capital market innovations and public/private partnerships necessary for managing and financing pure risk. This course investigates these issues, beginning with an introduction to pure risks, their centers of gravity and global consequences for corporations, consumers, and the macroeconomies. Next we move on to traditional sources of risk capital provided to corporations and governments via insurance and reinsurance mechanisms. The course concludes with a discussion of new sources of risk capital provided by capital markets including catastrophic risk bonds, securitization of mortality and liability risk, and other forms of insurance-linked securities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO DEMOG METHODS", number:"null", id:"37907", path:"/courses/37907", description:"This course provides an introduction to basic demographic concepts, data, indicators, and techniques. The course emphasizes hands-on applications of techniques in the analysis of population dynamics in the U.S. and elsewhere. Students will learn about the main sources of demographic data, including censuses,surveys, and vital statistics, and methods to estimate demographic processes (e.g. mortality, fertility). Students will leave the course with a solid grounding in a) the sources and limitations of demographic data; b) the construction of basic demographic indicators; and c) appropriate use of basic demographic techniques to answer questions about human populations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIOCHEMISTRY RESEARCH", number:"null", id:"39575", path:"/courses/39575", description:"Independent research projects in the laboratories of individual faculty members. A list of possible research supervisors is available in the Biochemistry office (351 Chemistry). In addition to their laboratory projects, students will attend a weekly seminar in which their own and related work will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FIN ELEMENT & APP", number:"null", id:"37107", path:"/courses/37107", description:"The objective of this course is to equip students with the background needed to carry out finite elements-based simulations of various engineering problems. The first part of the course will outline the theory of finite elements. The second part of the course will address the solution of classical equations of mathematical physics such as Laplace, Poisson, Helmholtz, the wave and the Heat equations. The third part of the course will consist of case studies taken from various areas of engineering and the sciences on topics that require or can benefit from finite element modeling. The students will gain hand-on experience with the multi-physics, finite element package FemLab.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV SPOKEN TURK/CINEMA", number:"null", id:"42209", path:"/courses/42209", description:"In this course, we will look at differing degrees of interaction between literature and the films it inspires. Discussions of each novel will be followed by screening the related film, allowing us to explore themes such as the different forms of banditry (old school vs. organized), honor killings, the use of books in films, the problems of artistic representation. This course will give students the opportunity to improve significantly written and spoken discourse strategies and raise language competence to an academic register. Students work across Turkish Language, literary genres and media as they interpret and analyze cultural, political and historical moments in Turkish movies. Students will attempt to understand how political shifts over the past 20 years have impacted the current situation and cultural conception, religious and cultural norms and traditions. Contemporary Turkish authors' books will be analyzed and discussed in this course. We'll have sessions in Penn Museum related to exhibitions from Turkey and the region.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MANAGING CUSTOMER VALUE", number:"null", id:"38968", path:"/courses/38968", description:"As the concept of CRM becomes common parlance for every marketing executive, it is useful to take a step back to better understand the various different behaviors that underlie the development of successful CRM systems. These 'behaviors' include customer-level decisions, firm actions, and the delicate but complex interplay between the two. Accordingly this course is comprised of four main modules.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Introduction to Environmental Earth Science", number:"null", id:"37111", path:"/courses/37111", description:"This course will expose students to the principles that underlie our understanding of how the Earth works. The goal of Earth Systems Science is to obtain a scientific understanding of the entire Earth system by describing its component parts (lithosphere, hydrosphere, atmosphere, biosphere) and their interactions, and describe how they have evolved, how they function, and how they may be expected to respond to human activity. The challenge to Earth Systems Science is to develop the capability to predict those changes that will occur in the next decade to century, both naturally and in response to human activity. Energy, both natural and human-generated, will be used as a unifying principle. Knowledge gained through this course will help students make informed decisions in all spheres of human activity: science, policy, economics, etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"39234", path:"/courses/39234", description:"This course will examine the theoretical, historical and political foundations of contemporary human rights debates. The course will cover not only broad conceptual issues, but also specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights, business and human rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge and diffuse in the international arena. The course is open to students in the Master of Liberal Arts Program, as well as students who are actively pursuing the Graduate Certificate in Interdisciplinary Studies in Global Human Rights.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"EMBED CONTROLLED GARDEN", number:"null", id:"43996", path:"/courses/43996", description:"A service course intended to integrate concepts of basic physics, biology and electronics and systems engineering for the benefit of Penn engineering students, teachers and students from two minority centered community public schools. The course will engage the participants in the design and implementation of indoors cultivating systems using photo-voltaic (PV) technology to energize LED emulating the needed solar radiation for plant growth, a liquid nutrient distribution system, sensors / actuators capable of selecting the harvestable plants and keeping track of overall system parameters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DOCUMENTARY VIDEO", number:"null", id:"41374", path:"/courses/41374", description:"Documentary Video is an intensive production course involving the exploration of concepts, techniques, concerns, and aesthetics of the short form documentary. Building on camera, sound, and editing skills acquired in Video I, students will produce a portfolio of short videos and one longer project over the course of the semester using advanced level camera and sound equipment. One short presentation on a genre, technique, maker, or contemporary concern selected by the student is required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DNP PROJECT I: TRANSLATING EVIDENCE TO PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"45265", path:"/courses/45265", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING FILIPINO I", number:"null", id:"39497", path:"/courses/39497", description:"An introduction to the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This will prepare and develop students' basic skills in speaking, listening, reading and writing Filipino at its beginning level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ENVIRONMENTAL HUMANITIES", number:"null", id:"41512", path:"/courses/41512", description:"Environmental Humanities: Theory, Methods, Practice is a seminar-style course designed to introduce students to the trans- and interdisciplinary field of environmental humanities. Weekly readings and discussions will be complemented by guest speakers from a range of disciplines including ecology, atmospheric science, computing, history of science, medicine, anthropology, literature, and the visual arts. Participants will develop their own research questions and a final project, with special consideration given to building the multi-disciplinary collaborative teams research in the environmental humanities often requires.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ESE RSRCH METH", number:"null", id:"35704", path:"/courses/35704", description:"Introduction to the nature and process of engineering research as represented by ongoing ESE faculty (and collaborating colleagues' and industrial partners') research projects. Joint class exercises in how to pursue effective background technical reading, pitch a proposal, and aim for the discovery of new human knowledge to complement the individually mentored topic specific project work.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRIV SEC ROLE GLOB HLTH", number:"null", id:"44292", path:"/courses/44292", description:"Issues surrounding global health have captivated the attention of the public sector and foundations for many decades. Many of their initiatives are realizing progress on the health-related Millennium Development Goals. The private sector has been less engaged in global health, but has a significant role to play in providing resources and in building infrastructure, human resource capacity and sustainability. This course explores entrepreneurial and other private sector solutions for health services and access to medicines and technologies in the developing world and other underserved areas. The course also encompasses study of creative programs to engage the private sector in development of vaccines and medicines for tropical and neglected diseases. Furthermore, the course addresses novel care systems and therapeutic strategies for the rapidly growing burden of chronic, non-communicable diseases in the developing world. In short, the course builds on the content of conventional global health courses from a managerial and entrepreneurial perspective. Learning is driven through readings, class discussion and a series of guest speakers representing a wide range of global health issues. Evaluation is largely based on a student group project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTINENTAL PHILOSOPHY", number:"null", id:"44754", path:"/courses/44754", description:"In this course we read various texts in the Enlightment tradition and more recent ones critical of modern distortions of this tradition. Readings may include: Kant and Marx, two exemplars of this tradition, as well as the views of the Frankfurt School (e.g Horkheimer and Adorno), Foucault, Derrida, Nietzsche and Saussure.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"17C INTELLECT HISTORY", number:"null", id:"37347", path:"/courses/37347", description:"A survey based soley on primary sources of the main currents of seventeenth-century European thought: the criticism of inherited systems and of the authority of the past; skepticism, rationalism; empiricism; and the rise of the new natural philosophy. We will study deep conceptual change as an historical phenomenon, examining works that were both profoundly influential in the seventeenth-century and that are of enduring historical significance. There are no prerequisites, and one of the goals of the course is to make seventeenth-century thought accessible in its context to the twenty-first century student.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERNATL CORP FINANCE", number:"null", id:"35800", path:"/courses/35800", description:"This course analyzes financial problems corporations face that result from operating in an international environment. Major topics covered are corporate strategy and the decision to invest abroad, international portfolio diversification, managing exchange risk, taxation issues, cost of capital and financial structure in the multinational firm, and sources of financing. Departmental Website: https://fnce.wharton.upenn.edu/ Registration: Registration for MBA electives is handled through the MBA Course Auction. For questions about core courses or MBA electives that don't appear in the course auction please contact the MBA Program Office. Non-MBAs interested in graduate classes must work throught the academic department and the MBA Program Office.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TAXES AND BUS STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"39474", path:"/courses/39474", description:"The objective of this course is to develop a framework for understanding how taxes affect business decisions. Traditional finance and strategy courses do not consider the role of taxes. Similarly, traditional tax courses often ignore the richness of the decision context in which tax factors operate. The key themes of the framework - all parties, all taxes and all costs - are applied to decision contexts such as investments, compensation, organizational form, regulated industries, financial instruments, tax-sheltered investments, mergers and acquisitions, multinational, and multistate. The ultimate goal is to provide a new approach to thinking about taxes (and all forms of government intervention) that will be valuable even as laws and governments change.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THERMODYNAMICS OF FLUIDS", number:"null", id:"42461", path:"/courses/42461", description:"Students will understand, evaluate, and apply different equations of state relating pressure, temperature, and volume for both ideal and non-ideal systems. The course will focus on calculating and applying residual properties and departure functions for thermodynamic analysis of non-ideal gases. Students will apply and describe simple models of vapor-liquid equilibrium in multi-component systems (e.g. Raoult's Law, modified Raoult's Law, Henry's Law). Additionally, the class will analyze and describe properties of non-ideal mixtures and their component species. We will also model and predict reaction equilibria (including non-ideal fluid systems), as well as solve problems related to complex phase equilibria of multi-component systems (find equilibrium compositions for non-ideal phases).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"STRUCTURAL GEOLOGY", number:"null", id:"44249", path:"/courses/44249", description:"Introduction to deformation as a fundamental geologic process. Stress and strain; rock mechanics. Definition, measurement, geometrical and statistical analysis, and interpretation of structural features. Structural problems in the field. Maps, cross-sections, and three-dimensional visualization; regional structural geology.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PRINCIPLESII WITHOUT LAB", number:"null", id:"44774", path:"/courses/44774", description:"The topics of this calculus-based course are electric and magnetic fields; Coulomb's, Gauss's, Ampere's, and Faraday's laws; DC and AC circuits; Maxwell's equations and electromagnetic radiation. Engineering students only.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CIVIL WARS", number:"null", id:"43401", path:"/courses/43401", description:"This course examines the causes, dynamics, and resolution of civil wars. The first section of the course examines competing theoretical arguments regarding causes of civil war, looking at how economic and political grievances may motivate groups to rebel against the government; why political leaders may sometimes encourage violence; and what role factors such as ethnicity, national identity, and a sense of insecurity play in the initiation of internal conflict. The second section of the course looks at how civil wars are fought, with discussion of guerilla warfare, counterinsurgency strategies, terrorism, and the role of humanitarian aid in conflict settings. In the third part of the course, focusing on the resolution of internal conflicts, topics include international intervention and peacekeeping; negotiated political arrangements such as power-sharing and partition; and post-conflict justice strategies such as domestic and international trials and truth commissions. Throughout the course, we will consider specific cases of civil war - for example, wars in El Salvador, Kosovo, the Philippines, Sierra Leone, Sudan, and Uganda.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"39279", path:"/courses/39279", description:"A continuation of RUSS003. This course will further develop your ability to use the Russian language in the context of everyday situations (including relationships, travel and geography, leisure activities) and also through reading and discussion of elementary facts about Russian history, excerpts from classic literature and the contemporary press and film excerpts. At the end of the course you will be able to negotiate most daily situations, to comprehend most spoken and written Russian, to state and defend your point of view. Successful completion of the course prepares students to satisfy the language competency requirement.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY MATH TEACH PRO", number:"null", id:"38874", path:"/courses/38874", description:"This course allows Penn students to teach a series of hands-on activities to students in math classes at University City High School. The semester starts with an introduction to successful approaches for teaching math in urban high schools. The rest of the semester will be devoted to a series of weekly hands-on activities designed to teach fundamental aspects of geometry. The first class meeting of each week, Penn faculty teach Penn students the relevant mathematical background and techniques for a hands-on activity. During the second session of each week, Penn students will teach the hands-on activity to a small group of UCHS students. The Penn students will also have an opportunity to develop their own activity and to implement it with the UCHS students.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BRAIN-COMPUTER INTERFACE", number:"null", id:"43774", path:"/courses/43774", description:"The course is geared to advanced undergraduate and graduate students interested in understanding the basics of implantable neuro-devices, their design, practical implementation, approval, and use. Reading will cover the basics of neuro signals, recording, analysis, classification, modulation, and fundamental principles of Brain-Machine Interfaces. The course will be based upon twice weekly lectures and 'hands-on' weekly assignments that teach basic signal recording, feature extraction, classification and practical implementation in clinical systems. Assignments will build incrementally toward constructing a complete, functional BMI system. Fundamental concepts in neurosignals, hardware and software will be reinforced by practical examples and in-depth study. Guest lecturers and demonstrations will supplement regular lectures.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED MOD CHINESE II", number:"null", id:"35460", path:"/courses/35460", description:"This course is the continuation of CHIN 211. It aims to further develop students' overall language skills. The textbook will introduce various topics related to Chinese culture, society, economy, people and their everyday life as well as China's development since Deng Xiaoping's reform and opening-up policies in 1978. In class, current issues in China will be integrated to provide a new perspective for discussion. The emphasis is not only to consolidate students' foundation, but also enhance their understanding and distinguish different levels of language. Over the semester, students will have many opportunities to express and share their opinions on various topics related to China via communicative activities, presentations, and written assignments.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY RUSSIAN II", number:"null", id:"39278", path:"/courses/39278", description:"Continuation of RUSS001. Further work developing basic language skills using exciting authentic materials about life in present-day Russia. At the conclusion of the course, students will be prepared to negotiate most basic communication needs in Russia (getting around town, ordering a meal, buying goods and services, polite conversation about topics of interest) and to comprehend most texts and spoken material at a basic level.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY ITALIAN I", number:"null", id:"38792", path:"/courses/38792", description:"A first semester elementary language course for students who have never studied Italian or who have had very little exposure to the language. Students who have previously studied Italian are required to take the placement test. Class work emphasizes the development of the oral-aural skills, speaking and listening. Readings on topics in Italian culture as well as frequent writing practice are also included. Out-of-class homework requires work with the Internet, audio and video materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED HUMAN NUTRITION", number:"null", id:"43238", path:"/courses/43238", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN ADAPTATION", number:"null", id:"43688", path:"/courses/43688", description:"This course concerns evolutionary processes using humans (Homo sapiens) as a case study. Through a study of the anatomical, genetic, and behavioral adaptations in our species, we will explain and explore our biology through mammalian, primate, and hominid evolutionary histories. Through evolutionary theory, we explore why humans are imperfectly adapted and not an end product of evolutionary change, and how we create and modify, not just respond to, evolutionary pressures. Through this approach, we gain insights into how and why our biology functions (and sometimes malfunctions) in the way that it does. Then, we will explore topics including human birth, growth, locomotion, reproduction, and diet as part of human biocultural adaptation. This course will involve the analysis of hominid fossil casts and human skeletal material from the Penn Museum Physical Anthropology section.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FORECASTING METHODS MGMT", number:"null", id:"44975", path:"/courses/44975", description:"This course provides an introduction to the wide range of techniques available for statistical forecasting. Qualitative techniques, smoothing and decomposition of time series, regression, adaptive methods, autoregressive-moving average modeling, and ARCH and GARCH formulations will be surveyed. The emphasis will be on applications, rather than technical foundations and derivations. The techniques will be studied critically, with examination of their usefulness and limitations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE SWAHILI II", number:"null", id:"42302", path:"/courses/42302", description:"At the end of the course students will be at Level 2 on the ILR (Interagency Language Roundtable) scale.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMIC MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"40339", path:"/courses/40339", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, the goal of this course is to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The course will focus on issues such as the selection of which businesses and segments to compete in, how to allocate resources across businesses, segments, and elements of the marketing mix, as well as other significant strategic issues facing today's managers in a dynamic competitive environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MGMT&ECONOFPHARMA,BIOTEC", number:"null", id:"42907", path:"/courses/42907", description:"This course provides an overview of the management, economic and policy issues facing the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The course perspective is global, but with emphasis on the U.S. as the largest and and most profitable market. Critical issues we will examine include: R&D intensive cost structure and rapid technological change; biotech startups and alliances with the pharma industry; pricing and promotion in a complex global marketplace where customers includ governments and insurers, as well as physicians, pharmacists and consumers. We use Wharton and industry experts from various disciplines to address these issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LEADING NONPROFITS", number:"null", id:"40046", path:"/courses/40046", description:"This course will provide an analysis of the nonprofit sector in relation to public and for-profit organizations, focusing on building the six core organizational compentencies that are essential to a successful nonprofit.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ROME AND THE MARGINS OF MODERNISM", number:"null", id:"44378", path:"/courses/44378", description:"Please see department website for current description at: http://www.sas.upenn.edu/italians/graduate/courses", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE ENTREPRENEURSHIP", number:"null", id:"37285", path:"/courses/37285", description:"Delivering basic health care advances worldwide and continuing to increase lifespan and quality (in an affordable manner) represent some of the major societal challenges of our time. Addressing these challenges will require innovation in both medical technology and the ways in which health services are delivered. Through readings, cases, guest lectures, and your own entrepreneurial work outside of class, we will examine the environment facing prospective health care entrepreneurs: (1) sources of health care innovation; (2) the many 'customers' in health care: patients, doctors, hospitals, insurers, and regulators; (3) the powerful established firms with developed clinical and sales expertise; (4) the investing community. Along the way we will develop a framework for thinking about what is different (and what is not) about the challenges of health care entrepreneurship.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ANC NEAR EAST", number:"null", id:"37608", path:"/courses/37608", description:"The great pyramids and mysterious mummies of Egypt, the fabled Tower of Babel, and the laws of the Babylonian king Hammurabi are some of the things that might come to mind when you think of the ancient Near East. Yet these are only a very few of the many fascinating -- and at time perplexing -- aspects of the civilizations that flourished there c. 3300-300 BCE. This is where writing first developed, where people thought that the gods wrote down what would happen in the future on the lungs and livers of sacrificed sheep, and where people knew how to determine the length of hypotenuse a thousand years before the Greek Pythagoras was born. During this course, we will learn more about these other matters and discover their place in the cultures and civilizations of that area. 

This is an interdisciplinary survey of the history, society and culture of the ancient Near East, in particular Egypt and Mesopotamia, utilizing extensive readings from ancient texts in translation (including the Epic of Gilgamesh, 'one of the great masterpieces of world literature'), but also making use of archaeological and art historical materials. The goal of the course is to gain an appreciation of the various societies of the time, to understand some of their great achievements, to become acquainted with some of the fascinating individuals of the time (such as Hatshepsut, 'the women pharaoh,' and Akhenaten, 'the heretic king'), and to appreciate the rich heritage that they have left us.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMP DATA EXPLORATION", number:"null", id:"41126", path:"/courses/41126", description:"The primary goal of this course is to introduce computational methods of interacting with data. In this course, students will be introduced to the IPython programming environment. They will learn how to gather data, store it in appropriate data structures and then either write their own functions or use libraries to analyze and then display the salient information in that data. Data will be drawn from a variety of domains, including but not limited to travel, entertainment, politics, economics, biology etc.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS IN MATH BIOLOGY", number:"null", id:"40275", path:"/courses/40275", description:"This course will cover various mathematical models and tools that are used to study modern biological problems. The specific emphasis will vary from year to year, but typically will include an introduction to stochastic processes and computational methods that arise in evolutionary biology and population genetics. No prior knowledge of biology is needed to take this course, but a strong background in probability and familiarity with algorithms and combinatorics will be assumed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Culture, Consumption and Production in the Global Marketplace", number:"null", id:"36737", path:"/courses/36737", description:"The goal of this course is to understand and to investigate both historical and contemporary issues related to a culture of consumption. Reading topics cover both contemporary and scholarly issues in cultural anthropology, popular culture, consumer behavior, off-shore production, social networking, media and communications, financial and real estate markets and marketing. Class distinctions are equally interdisciplinary as we focus on investigating and identifying critical global/local linkages. We analyze the various ways in which Philadelphia and other 'global cities' are competing for consumer revenues. We ask what factors have led contemporary society reaching its current stage of mass consumption and how have certain goods and services been reconfigured, packaged or re-packaged to attract new consumers. In order to better understand the link between consumption and production factors we explore the relationship between outsourcing and/or offshore production and modern consumption. Approximately sixty percent of the seminar takes place in the classroom and will include lecture, class discussion, and films. The remaining half of the class meetings will involve local and regional travel. 

Research assignments emphasize the use of anthropological participant-observation techniques to investigate the relationships between culture and contemporary mass consumption within the contexts of re-gentrification, urbanization and globalization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING ON THE CITY: LETTERFORMS, TECHNOLOGY AND PHILADELPHIA CULTURE", number:"null", id:"37155", path:"/courses/37155", description:"This seminar explores the rich history of writing and typography from colonial to contemporary Philadelphia through primary source research at the city's many libraries and collections and through direct engagement with professional designers, crafts workers, and manufacturers. The course will be divided into two parts. The first phase will be devoted to information gathering: lectures, readings, and visits, including presentations, demonstrations, and hands-on research. Students will keep a journal of their inquiries and regularly share their insights during class sessions, developing a plan for final documentation. In the second phase students will synthesize and distill their research, developing theories, defining individual and group projects, and collectively writing, designing, and publishing a public framework (web/print/exhibition, etc.) to chronicle their scholarship.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY I", number:"null", id:"38131", path:"/courses/38131", description:"This course examines the development of modern architecture in the early-twentieth century. Case studies and selected texts are used to explore how modern architecture responded to the challenges of the Industrial Revolution and social modernization.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE", number:"null", id:"39911", path:"/courses/39911", description:"Public perceptions and attitudes concerning the causes and importance of globalwarming have changed. Global Climate Change provides a sound theoretical understanding of global warming through an appreciation of the Earth's climate system and how and why this has changed through time. We will describe progress in understanding of the human and natural drivers of climate change, climate processes and attribution, and estimates of projected future climate change. We will assess scientific, technical and socio-economic information relevant for the understanding of climate change, its potential impacts and options for adaptation and mitigation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FR FOR PROFESSIONS I", number:"null", id:"44230", path:"/courses/44230", description:"This content-based language course, taught in French, introduces economic, business and professional terminology through the study of the following topics: financial institutions (banking, stock market and insurance); business practices (business letters and resumes); trade and advertising; the internal structure and legal forms of French companies. The course also emphasizes verbal communication through three components: 1) In-class activities such as problem-solving tasks, discussions and debates. 2) The study of authentic materials such as newspapers and magazines' articles, video clips, and radio shows. 3) A series of students' presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE POPULAR CULTURE", number:"null", id:"41217", path:"/courses/41217", description:"What constitutes Chinese popular culture in the modern age? How does popular culture contest and collaborate with classical Chinese literature in the formation of Chinese modernity? How do contemporary artists, writers, singers, and filmmakers portray and recreate the image of China? And how does popular culture intersect with and transform religious practices in Taiwan? This course introduces and highlights the variability of modern Chinese culture in PRC, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, and other transnational Chinese communities over the past century. We will engage with a variety of narrative traditions such as philosophical writing, fiction, and folktale. We will also investigate different visual, audio, and performative representations of Chinese culture.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MEDICINE AND DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"40160", path:"/courses/40160", description:"This course is devoted to readings and research about medicine and development in resource-poor countries. The focus is on medical instiutions and practices as seen within the broader context of development. We try to understand changing interpretations of how development takes place--of its relationship to technical knowledge, power and inequality. The course give students the opportunity to do intensive original research.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING JAPANESE II", number:"null", id:"35991", path:"/courses/35991", description:"Textbooks: Yookoso I (Chapt. 4 - Chapt. 7) and Basic Kanji Book I (L.5 - L.10) Kanji: reproduction-approx. 110/recognitio-approx.200", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS DRAMA TO 1660: INTRO TO SHAKESPEARE", number:"null", id:"39887", path:"/courses/39887", description:"This course explores an aspect of drama before 1660 intensively; specific course topics will vary from year to year.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING I", number:"null", id:"40879", path:"/courses/40879", description:"This course revisits topics covered in Introductory Financial Accounting (Accounting 101), with a focus on the asset side of the balance sheet: Cash, accounts and notes receivable, inventory, marketable securities, equity investments, PPE, and intangibles. The course also covers revenue and expense recognition issues, and generally accepted accounting principles that affect the format and presentation of the financial statements.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMEDIATE JAPANESE I", number:"null", id:"37392", path:"/courses/37392", description:"A continuation of Japanese language beyond the language requirement. Textbooks: Integrated Approach to Intermediate Japanese (L.1 - L.8), and Basic Kanji Book II (L.23 - L.30) Kanji: reproduction-approx.310/recognitio-approx.400", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"UNDERSTANDING CAREERS: Understanding Careers and Executive Labor Markets", number:"null", id:"38938", path:"/courses/38938", description:"This course examines the structure of executive careers in order to help understand how those careers can be managed most effectively. By drawing on extensive economic, sociological and psychological research on careers, we will examine such questions as when executives should move on to the next job or evenchange fields altogether, and what are effective means of finding jobs, achieving promotions, managing networks, and achieving work-life balance.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTERMED FILIPINO I & II", number:"null", id:"39501", path:"/courses/39501", description:"A continuation of ALAN 120, the spoken and written Tagalog (Filipino) language. This course will develop the communicative competence of the students in handling limited communicative tasks, reading simple connected texts and writing short dialogues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL FINANCE", number:"null", id:"42827", path:"/courses/42827", description:"There is an abundance of evidence suggesting that the standard economic paradigm - rational agents in an efficient market - does not adequately describe behavior in financial markets. In this course, we will survey the evidence and use psychology to guide alternative theories of financial markets. Along the way, we will address the standard argument that smart, profit-seeing agents can correct any distortions caused by irrational investors. Further, we will examine more closely the preferences and trading decisions of individual investors. We will argue that their systematic biases can aggregate into observed market inefficiencies. The second half of the course extends the analysis to corporate decision making. We then explore the evidence for both views in the context of capital structure, investment, dividend, and merger decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMM PHYS INITIATIVE", number:"null", id:"41979", path:"/courses/41979", description:"This is an Academically Based Community Service Course (ABCS). It will be aligned to the Philadelphia School District curriculum in introductory physics at University City High School (UCHS). The UCHS curriculum roughly parallels the contents of first semester introductory physics (non-calculus) at Penn.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING GUJARATI I", number:"null", id:"41518", path:"/courses/41518", description:"During the first year of Gujarati, major emphasis is placed on acquiring phonetics, grammatical patterns, and basic vocabulary. These goals are accomplished through guided drills and conversations accompanied by formal instruction on Gujarati grammar. From the outset, students are also taught the Gujarati writing system, which is used for all materials. By the end of the first year of instruction, student should be able to carry on coherent conversations on selected topics, read simple texts and compose short pieces in Gujarati.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEHAVIORAL ECONOMICS", number:"null", id:"42406", path:"/courses/42406", description:"Behavioral economics applies insights from psychology to the study of economic phenomena. This course will take the possibility of deviations from rational, self-interested behavior as a starting point, and explore two main questions: How does psychology play out in markets, where sophisticated and unsophisticated consumers and firms interact and compete? And what does behavioral economics imply for public policy? Markets have the potential to protect consumers from their biases, when firms compete to give biased consumers the best deal. In addition, markets allow for the emergence of informational intermediaries that give biased consumers advice. We will examine whether and how this remedy is provided in a diverse array of markets. Behavioral economics also affects what governments should do and what governments actually do, when they address market failures, combat poverty and inequality, and raise revenue. This course therefore also explores 'Behavioral Public Finance' -- optimal policy in the presence of biases -- and 'Behavioral Political Economy' -- how biases affect the choices of politicians and regulators themselves.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BEGINNING BENGALI II", number:"null", id:"38179", path:"/courses/38179", description:"This course introduces students to colloquial Bengali. It gives equal emphasis to each of the four skills, reading, writing, listening, and speaking. Language will be studied in the context of socio-cultural aspects of West Bengal and Bangladesh. Besides lessons from the text, a major portion of the syllabus will be based on topics drawn from films, cultural events, festivals, food, and religion.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NETWORKED LIFE", number:"null", id:"41823", path:"/courses/41823", description:"What kind of science is appropriate for understanding the Facebook? How does Google find what you're looking for... and exactly how do they make money doing so? What properties might we expect any social network to reliably have, and are there simple explanations for them? How does your position in an economic network (dis)advantage you? How are individual and collective behavior related in complex networks? What might we mean by the economics of spam? What do game theory and the Paris subway have to do with Internet routing? Networked Life looks at how our world is connected -- socially, economically, strategically and technologically -- and why it matters.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ANTH OF CORPORATIONS", number:"null", id:"38105", path:"/courses/38105", description:"Modern business corporations can be characterized as having their own internal cultures, more or less distinct from one another. They also exist within encompassing cultures and cultural flows. At the same time, corporations are producers and disseminators, and thus have effects on their surrounding environments, effects that extend from the local to the global. This course examines modern corporations from these three perspectives through theoretical and ethnographic readings, guest speakers from the corporate world, and independent research conducted by the students. Course requirements include student presentations of their research and readings; one or more take-home exams; and a final research paper.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLAY PRACTICES", number:"null", id:"41379", path:"/courses/41379", description:"This course introduces clay as a sculptural medium through fundamental clay-building techniques, mold making, model making, and casting. Through experimentation with these methods, this course promotes an understanding of materials, processes, visual concepts and techniques for creating three-dimensional forms in space. In addition to using different water-based clays and plaster, other materials such as wax, plastiline, paper pulp, and cardboard will be explored. Students will explore the full range of clay s capabilities and its role in contemporary art through lectures, readings, demonstrations, and assignments that incorporate conceptual and technical issues.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO SPOKEN JAPAN II", number:"null", id:"43006", path:"/courses/43006", description:"Although some reading/writing instruction is given, the major emphasis is on oral communication skill.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS POLICY", number:"null", id:"36102", path:"/courses/36102", description:"This course encourages students to analyze the problems of managing the total enterprise in the domestic and international setting. The focus is on the competitive strategy of the firm, examining issues central to its long- and short-term competitive position. Students act in the roles of key decision-makers or their advisors and solve problems related to the development or maintenance of the competitive advantage of the firm in a given market. The first module of the course develops an understanding of key strategic frameworks using theoretical readings and case-based discussions. Students will learn concepts and tools for analyzing the competitive environment, strategic position and firm-specific capabilities in order to understand the sources of a firm's competitive advantage. In addition, students will address corporate strategy issues such as the economic logic and administrative challenges associated with diversification choices about horizontal and vertical integration. The second module will be conducted as a multi-session, computer-based simulation in which students will have the opportunity to apply the concepts and tools from module 1 to make strategic decisions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN PROCESSES", number:"null", id:"41605", path:"/courses/41605", description:"This studio is structured for IPD students as an intensive, interdisciplinary exploration of Design as purposeful for Integrated Product Design. The goal of the studio is to give students a firsthand experience of various processes involved in creating successful integrated product designs.This first semester of the four-semester studio sequence focuses on giving students experience developing designs based on a range of starting points: form, function, materiality and manufacturing process. Students will practice design through rigorous, consistent processes for thinking through the evolution of their ideas. In this course, they will go through an entire design process from conceptualization to design to producing prototypes. They will be taught to focus on the specifics of their designs, causing them to be conscious of what drives their choices as designers and providing them with a wider range of tools to design from in successive projects. Course work will involve readings, assignments, class participation, in-class exercises, a mid-term presentation and a final submission.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS MEDIEVAL STUDIES: MEDIEVAL PERFORMANCES", number:"null", id:"42714", path:"/courses/42714", description:"This course covers topics in Medieval literature. Its emphasis varies with instructor.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE AMERICAN SOUTH", number:"null", id:"41555", path:"/courses/41555", description:"Southern culture and history from 1607-1860, from Jamestown to seccession. Traces the rise of slavery and plantation society, the growth of Southern sectionalism and its explosion into Civil War.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MACHINE PERCEPTION", number:"null", id:"42557", path:"/courses/42557", description:"An introduction to the problems of computer vision and other forms of machine perception that can be solved using geometrical approaches rather than statistical methods. Emphasis will be placed on both analytical and computational techniques. This course is designed to provide students with an exposure to the fundamental mathematical and algorithmic techniques that are used to tackle challenging image based modeling problems. The subject matter of this course finds application in the fields of Computer Vision, Computer Graphics and Robotics. Some of the topics to be covered include: Projective Geometry, Camera Calibration, Image Formation, Projective, Affine and Euclidean Transformations, Computational Stereopsis, and the recovery of 3D structure from multiple 2D images. This course will also explore various approaches to object recognition that make use of geometric techniques, these would include alignment based methods and techniques that exploit geometric invariants. In the assignments for this course, students will be able to apply the techniques to actual computer vision problems. This course is appropriate as an upper-level undergraduate CIS elective.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HEALTH CARE IN AN AGING SOCIETY", number:"null", id:"44672", path:"/courses/44672", description:"Individual and societal influences on the care of older adults are examined in detail within the context of an emerging health care system. Normal changes in physical and psychological health are explored in depth. Significant issues affecting care of older adults and their families at the global and national level are discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVERTISING MANAGEMENT", number:"null", id:"36138", path:"/courses/36138", description:"Immersion in the advertising development process and examination of the practice of advertising. Focuses on decisions regarding advertising objectives, copy selection, budget setting and media selection.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Strategic Brand Management", number:"null", id:"44544", path:"/courses/44544", description:"Which brands make you happy? Apple? Amazon? Starbucks? Everlane? Soulcycle? Sweetgreen? What draws you into these brands? How do companies create compelling brand experiences? How could you cultivate a well-loved brand? This course explores such questions with the goal of identifying the ingredients for building an inspired brand. The course is created for students interested in building a brand and/or immersing themselves in the enhancement of an existing brand, and it is comprised of lectures, cases, guest speakers, discussions, in and out of class exercises, and a final project. Broadly, the course will be divided into four parts: 1) Understanding Brand, 2) Crafting Brand, 3) Measuring Brand, and 4) Managing Brand. The course will provide students with an appreciation of the role of branding and (taking a consumer-centric approach) will augment students' ability to think creatively and critically about the strategies and tactics involved in building, leveraging, defending, and sustaining inspired brands.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CHINESE FOREIGN POLICY", number:"null", id:"36401", path:"/courses/36401", description:"This seminar examines the influences on and patterns of China's international relations. Topics to be covered include the following:theoretical approaches to analyzing foreign policy; the historical legacy and evolution of China's foreign policy; contemporary China's foreign policy on traditional national security concerns as well as economic, environmental, and humanitarian issues; China's military modernization; China's foreign policy in Asia, Africa, Europe, and Latin America; China's rise and its implications for relations with the United States. The class is a seminar in which student preparation and participation will essential. Students planning to enroll in the course must have taken PSCI 219 (or, with the instructor's permission, its equivalent). You are expected to complete all required readings each week and come to seminar meetings prepared to discuss them.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS MDRN AMERICAN LIT: NEW YORK IN THE 1950S", number:"null", id:"35664", path:"/courses/35664", description:"This course explores an aspect of Modern American literature intensively; specific course topics will vary, and have included 'American Expatriotism,' 'The 1930's,' and 'Intimacy and Distance: William Faulkner, Zora Neale Hurston, Eudora Welty, and Richard Wright.'", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING FOR CHILDREN", number:"null", id:"37068", path:"/courses/37068", description:"This is a course for students who have always thought it would be easy, fun, interesting, or rewarding to write a children's book. The class will be conducted as a seminar, using a wide variety of published children's books in all genres--picture books, chapter books, young fiction, older fiction as examples of successful books for young readers. 

See English Department website at www.english.upenn.edu for a description of current offerings.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUSINESS SPANISH I", number:"null", id:"40712", path:"/courses/40712", description:"Spanish for Business I provides advanced-level language students with technical vocabulary and communicative skills covering business concepts as they apply to the corporate dynamics of the Spanish-speaking world, with a special emphasis on Latin America. Through readings, presentations, discussions, and video materials, we shall analyze those cultural aspects that characterize the business environment in the region as well as focus on economies and markets in light of their history, politics, resources and pressing international concerns.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BIO-INORGANIC CHEMISTRY", number:"null", id:"41099", path:"/courses/41099", description:"The course covers selected topics in bioinorganic chemistry; special emphasis is placed on dioxygen chemistry and electron transfer processes. Course topics include: (i) oxygen uptake and utilization; (ii) diatomic oxygen trans port; (iii) diatomic and monoatomic oxygen incorporation into substrates; (iv) metalloenzyme-catalyzed C-C bond formation; (v) the metallobiochemistry of DNA; (vi) metal-sulfide proteins; (vii) manganese-containing metalloproteins; (viii) Photosystem II: light-driven electron transfer and the biological water-splitting reaction; (ix) biological electron transfer; (x) electron transfer theory; (xi) mechanisms of energy storage and release; and (xii) long-distance electron transfer reactions.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE GLOBAL LEADER", number:"null", id:"42989", path:"/courses/42989", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TPCS: GENDR/SEXUALTY/LIT: GENDER RELATIONS IN THE ROMANTIC BALLET OF THE 19TH CENTURY:SEX/DRUGS/CRIME", number:"null", id:"39883", path:"/courses/39883", description:"The advanced women's studies course in the department, focusing on a particularaspect of literature by and about women. Topics might include: 'Victorian Literary Women'; 'Women, Politics, and Literature'; 'Feminist Literary Theory';and similar foci.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LAW & VIOLENCE", number:"null", id:"41228", path:"/courses/41228", description:"This course will be an exploration of premodern Japanese history through the lens of violence. The centuries under consideration (roughly, the eighth thought nineteenth) were characterized by greatly varying levels of violence, both of the state-sanctioned variety (war, punishments for law-breakers and political losers) and of the non-sanctioned variety (piracy, banditry, warrior and peasant rebellions). Examining a wide variety of translated sources, from diaries to chronicles, from legal codes to fiction, we shall examine the changing social, political, economic, and cultural contexts of violence, in order to interrogate not only why certain periods were remarkably peaceful while others were not, but also why violence took different forms in relation to different circumstances. We shall consider how contempories made sense of the violence that surrounded them (or didn't) and how they divided the acceptable use of force from the wanton and society-threatening abuse of it. The course will feature presentations and severl (very short) papers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LECTURE", number:"null", id:"37491", path:"/courses/37491", description:"This is the first of a two semester sophomore level laboratory sequence that students complete over the fall and spring semesters. The course teaches the principles of experimentation and measurement as well as analysis and application to design. This fall semester course follows closely with MEAM 210, involving experiments to explore the principles of statics and strength of materials.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PHASE TRANSFORMATIONS", number:"null", id:"36165", path:"/courses/36165", description:"The state of matter is dependent upon temperature, thermal history, and other variables. In this course the science of structural transitions is treated, with the purpose in mind of utilizing them for producing materials with superior properties. The subjects covered include the methods of structural analysis, solidification, solid state transformation, and order-disorder transition.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"PEDIATRIC ONCOLOGY THEORY I", number:"null", id:"37688", path:"/courses/37688", description:"This course examines the unique contribution made by nurses with advanced clinical skills inthe care of children with oncologic and hematologic disorders, and their families, from the time of diagnosis throughout the treatment period and beyond. The course provides the student with the most recent advances in knowledge about cancer in childhood. While the focus is on oncology, hematologic disorders as well as AIDS will be discussed. Recent methods of treatment and the nursing management of children and their families will be addressed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MOLEC PHYSIOL&CELL ENGR", number:"null", id:"40996", path:"/courses/40996", description:"This course explores physical biology of the cell across several length and timescales, while simultaneously emphasizing molecular specificity and clinical implications such as disease outcome or biomedical applications. The course emphasizes how the basic tools and insights of engineering, physics, chemistry, and mathematics combined with 'Big Data' can illuminate the study of molecular and cell biology to make predictive biomedical models and subject them to clinical validation. Drawing on key examples and seminal experiments from the current clinical literature, the course demonstrates how quantitative models can help refine our understanding of existing biological data and also be used to make useful clinical predictions. The course blends traditional models in cell biology with the quantitative approach typical in engineering, in order to introduce the student to both the possibilities and boundaries of the emerging field of physical systems biology. While teaching physical model building in cell biology through a practical, case-study approach, the course explores how quantitative modeling based on engineering principles can be used to build a more profound, intuitive understanding of cell biology. Lab modules will be embedded in the lectures and all labs will be in silico (or computational) in nature.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAPANESE/PROFESSIONS II", number:"null", id:"44385", path:"/courses/44385", description:"An intermediate level course of Japanese language focusing on workplace-related topics. Intended for students who will use Japanese in the professions. Textbook: Powering Up Your Japanese through Case Studies: Intermediate and Advanced Japanese.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ORGANIC CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"45118", path:"/courses/45118", description:"Continuation of CHEM 241.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK: Innovation in China: From Start-ups to State-owned Enterprises", number:"null", id:"37727", path:"/courses/37727", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"JAZZ:STYLE & HISTORY", number:"null", id:"44582", path:"/courses/44582", description:"This course is an exploration of the family of musical idioms called jazz. Attention will be given to issues of style development, selective musicians, and to the social and cultural conditions and the scholarly discourses that have informed the creation, dissemination and reception of this dynamic set of styles from the beginning of the 20th century to the present. Fulfills Cultural Diversity in the U.S.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG VARIATION & CHANGE", number:"null", id:"44445", path:"/courses/44445", description:"Speech communities as a focus for the understanding of language evolution and change: language variation in time and space. The relationship between language structure and language use; between language change and social change. Populations as differentiated by age, sex, social class, race, and ethnicity, and the relationship of these factors to linguistic differentiation.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"NSG HLTH/ILLN 1860-1985: NURSING&GENDERING OF HEALTH CARE IN THE U.S. AND INTERNATIONALLY, 1860-2000", number:"null", id:"37654", path:"/courses/37654", description:"This course examines changing ideas about the nature of health and illness; changing forms of health care delivery; changing experiences of women as providers and patients; changing role expectations and realities for nurses; changing midwifery practice; and changing segmentation of the health care labor market by gender, class and race. It takes a gender perspective on all topics considered in the course. A comparative approach is used as national and international literature is considered. This focus is presented as one way of understanding the complex interrelationships among gender, class, and race in health care systems of the United States and countries abroad.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Jewish Women Writers", number:"null", id:"36661", path:"/courses/36661", description:"The seminar will consider works by Jewish women who wrote in Yiddish, Hebrew, English, and other languages in the late 19th through the 20th century. The texts, poetry and prose, will include both belles lettres and popular writings, such as journalism, as well as private works (letters and diaries) and devotional works. The course will attempt to define 'Jewish writing, ' in terms of language and gender, and will consider each writer in the context of the aesthetic, religious, and national ideologies that prevailed in this period.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED CALCULUS", number:"null", id:"43084", path:"/courses/43084", description:"Syllabus for MATH 360-361: a study of the foundations of the differential and integral calculus, including the real numbers and elementary topology, continuous and differentiable functions, uniform convergence of series of functions, and inverse and implicit function theorems. MATH 508-509 is a masters level version of this course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"RUSSIAN HISTORY IN FILM", number:"null", id:"39288", path:"/courses/39288", description:"This course draws on fictional, dramatic and cinematic representations of Russian history based on Russian as well as non-Russian sources and interpretations. The analysis targets major modes of imagining, such as narrating, showing and reenacting historical events, personae and epochs justified by different, historically mutating ideological postulates and forms of national self-consciousness. Common stereotypes of picturing Russia from 'foreign' perspectives draw special attention. The discussion involves the following themes and outstanding figures: the mighty autocrats Ivan the Terrible, Peter the Great, and Catherine the Great; the tragic ruler Boris Godunov; the brazen rebel and royal impostor Pugachev; the notorious Rasputin, his uncanny powers, sex-appeal, and court machinations; Lenin and the October Revolution; images of war; times of construction and times of collapse of the Soviet Colossus.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"LANG & SOCIAL IDENTITY: Everyone has an accent: Language and Social Identity in the US", number:"null", id:"41656", path:"/courses/41656", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"COMMUNITY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT", number:"null", id:"42227", path:"/courses/42227", description:"Community economic development concerns the revitalization of impoverished communities. As with all things economic, poor and working people may be the subjects or the objects of development. We will utilize case studies from Philadelphia and around the world in an exploration of various models of economic justice and sustainable development.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THE NATURE OF NURSING PRACTICE", number:"null", id:"41827", path:"/courses/41827", description:"This course facilitates students' ability to conceptualize the experiences of individuals, families, communities, and populations living with health and illness. It emphasizes the integration of knowledge from other disciplines and of nursing science as the basis for practice. The course introduces the four core themes of the undergraduate nursing program: engagement, inquiry, judgment, and voice and examines how the themes are used to characterize the nature of nursing practice.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO CONDENSED MAT PHYS", number:"null", id:"43361", path:"/courses/43361", description:"An introduction to condensed matter physics designed primarily for advanced undergraduate and graduate students desiring a compact survey of the field. Band theory of solids, phonons, electrical magnetic and optical properties of matter, and superconductivity.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POST BACC LATIN", number:"null", id:"35535", path:"/courses/35535", description:"Advanced study in Latin for students enrolled in the Post-Baccalaureate Program in Classical Studies. Permission of the instructor required.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"Measurement of Health-Related Behavior and Determinants", number:"null", id:"40489", path:"/courses/40489", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"MKT/SOC SYS ON INTERNET", number:"null", id:"44617", path:"/courses/44617", description:"Want to understand the sociological and algorithmic aspects of friend recommendation? Want to know how Google decides what 10 answers to return, out of the 10 million matching results? Want to understand how search engines have revolutionized advertising? Then this is the course for you! NETS 150 provides an overview of the issues, theoretical foundations, and existing techniques in networks (social, information, communication) and markets on the Internet. Subsequent NETS courses are available for students wishing to explore any of these topics in greater detail.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HISTORY OF AMERICAN LAW", number:"null", id:"38737", path:"/courses/38737", description:"This course covers the development of legal rules and principles concerning individual and group conduct in the United States since 1877. Such subjects as regulation and deregulation, legal education and the legal profession, and the legal status of women and minorities will be discussed.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GENERAL CHEMISTRY II", number:"null", id:"45116", path:"/courses/45116", description:"Continuation of Chemistry 101. The second term stresses the thermodynamic approach to chemical reactions, electrochemical processes, and reaction rates and mechanisms. It includes special topics in chemistry.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO ECON MICRO", number:"null", id:"38413", path:"/courses/38413", description:"Introduction to economic analysis and its application. Theory of supply and demand, costs and revenues of the firm under perfect competition, monopoly and oligopoly, pricing of factors of production, income distribution, and theory of international trade. Econ 1 deals primarily with microeconomics.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYN SYS FOR ENG&BIOL APP", number:"null", id:"37145", path:"/courses/37145", description:"This midlevel course in nonlinear dynamics focuses on the analysis of low dimensional, continuous time models for describing and understanding complex behavior in physical, biological and engineered systems. We assume some background knowledge of ordinary differential equations, and develop at an engineering applications level the concepts and tools of qualitative dynamical systems theory with major focus on analysis and some on synthesis.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SYSTEMS METHODOLOGY", number:"null", id:"42759", path:"/courses/42759", description:"This course covers the methodologies and techniques important to designing large complex, purposeful systems and to discovering policies that influence them throughout the stages of their lifecycle. The course focuses on hands-on synthetic thinking, where students assemble the big picture from modeling the individual actors, organizations, and artifacts in a socio-technical system of interest. This is the study of emergence of macro-behavior from the micro-decision making of the actors involved - to inquire into the design of a purposeful system, and to examine alternative futures that are ideal, yet affordable, sustainable, and workable. Specifically, the student learns systems theory, systems methodologies (design inquiry/learning systems, idealized design/interactive planning, and soft systems methodology/knowledge management), bottom up modeling (decision science, multi-attribute utility theory, affective reasoning, agent based modeling, simulated societies), and how to further research and apply the synthetic paradigm.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRODUCTION TO ACTING", number:"null", id:"36585", path:"/courses/36585", description:"Rooted in the system devised by Constantine Stanislavsky, but incorporating a wide variety of approaches, including improvisation, this courtesies students step by step through the practical work an actor must do to live and behave truthfully on-stage. Beginning with relaxation and physical exercise, interactive games, and ensemble building, students then learn and put into practice basic acting techniques, including sensory work, the principles of action, objectives, given circumstances, etc. The semester culminates in the performance of a scene or scenes, most often from a play from the Realist tradition. This course strongly stresses a commitment to actor work and responsibility to one's fellow actors. Practical work is supplemented by readings from Stanislavsky and a variety of other acting theorists that may include Uta Hagen, Robert Cohen, Stella Adler, among others. Students are required to submit short essays over the course of the semester in response to the readings and in preparation for their final scene project.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CRAFT OF PROSE", number:"null", id:"45052", path:"/courses/45052", description:"This seminar fulfills the writing requirement, follows the same curriculum and has the same workload, assessment process and standards as all other writing seminars at Penn. However, seminar enrollment is capped at 12 and instruction includes a significant amount of individualized attention and guidance. Sections of Craft of Prose shares a single topic, often drawn from the field of psychology. Throughout, the emphasis is on the study and practice of writing. Students in the Craft of Prose sections get additional individualized feedback and mentoring from tutors as well as their instructor. This, along with practice, can significantly accelerate students' writing skills. Only Freshmen and Sophomores are eligible to enroll in Craft of Prose.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DRUGS, BRAIN, AND MIND", number:"null", id:"39603", path:"/courses/39603", description:"The course will begin with a review of basic concepts in pharmacology including: routes of drug administration, drug metabolism, the dose response curve, tolerance and sensitization. Following a brief overview of cellular foundations of neuropharmacology (neuronal biology, synaptic and receptor function), the course will focus on several neurotransmitter systems and the molecular and behavioral mechanisms mediating the mind-altering, additive and neuropsychiatric disorders, including depression, schizophrenia an anxiety, with an emphasis on their underlying neurobiological causes, as well as the pharmacological appraches for treatment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"THEORY & MUSCIANSHIP II", number:"null", id:"36186", path:"/courses/36186", description:"Continuation of techniques established in Theory and Musicianship I. Explores chromatic harmony. Concepts will be developed through analysis and model composition. Musicianship component will include sight singing, clef reading, harmonic dictation and keyboard harmony.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"HUMAN RIGHTS", number:"null", id:"43392", path:"/courses/43392", description:"What exactly should be considered a fundamental 'human right'? What is the basis for something is a fundamental human right? This course will examine not only broad conceptual debates, but will also focus on specific issue areas (e.g., civil rights, economic rights, women's rights), as well as the question of how new rights norms emerge in international relations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO MECH DESIGN", number:"null", id:"37486", path:"/courses/37486", description:"This hands-on, project-based course covers the fundamentals of the modern mechanical design process, from needfinding and brainstorming to the basics of computerized manufacturing and rapid prototyping. Topics include: product definition (needfinding, observation, sketching, and brainstorming); computer-aided design (part creation, assemblies, and animation using SolidWorks); fundamental engineering design practices (material selection, dimensioning, tolerances, etc.); basic computer simulation and analysis; and rapid prototyping (laser cutter, 3-D fused-deposition modeling, and an introduction to computer-controlled machining).", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DYNAMIC MKTG STRATEGY", number:"null", id:"44546", path:"/courses/44546", description:"Building upon Marketing 611, the goal of this course is to develop skills in formulating and implementing marketing strategies for brands and businesses. The course will focus on issues such as the selection of which businesses and segments to compete in, how to allocate resources across businesses, segments, and elements of the marketing mix, as well as other significant strategic issues facing today's managers in a dynamic competitive environment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSCI: THE URBAN INVASION", number:"null", id:"39456", path:"/courses/39456", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Political Science, the study and analysis of political activities, political behavior, political thought, and systems of government. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEMP ART/CLASSCL MYTH", number:"null", id:"35332", path:"/courses/35332", description:"Spring 2015: This course investigates the intersection of contemporary art and classical myth. Through a series of case studies, we will explore how contemporary artists and filmmakers across the globe have addressed, represented and modified classical narratives. In addition to considering the persistence of classical myth as a subject matter for artists working today, we will survey how myths have provided fertile, analytical tools for theorists in a range of disciplines (e.g., philosophy, psychoanalysis, and literary criticism) that have proven significant for art history. We will also look at the history of contemporary art exhibitions focused on this topic.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INORGANIC CHEMISTRY I", number:"null", id:"39667", path:"/courses/39667", description:"An introductory survey of the bonding, structure, and reactions of important metal and nonmetal compounds.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE: REHEARSAL & PERFORMANCE", number:"null", id:"45005", path:"/courses/45005", description:"Theatre Rehearsal and Performance provides students with deep intellectual and artistic immersion in the theatrical process through intensive research, rehearsal, and performance of a full-length stage piece. Students may enroll in this course as actors (by audition only) or as assistant directors, stage managers, dramaturgs, or designers (by permission of the instructor). Each semester, the play will be featured in the Theatre Arts Program production season; the class meeting times will vary, but will typically consist of 16-20 hours per week in the evening hours.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"IMPORTED FUTURES:", number:"null", id:"40743", path:"/courses/40743", description:"How have countries deemed outside the economic, political, and geographic centers of the modern world made use of science and technology? And how have scientists in imperial centers typically depicted those in so-called peripheries? Countries beyond North America and Western Europe have typically been absent from conventional historical and sociological analyses of modern science and technology. If depicted, it is often as outlying sites where Northern scientists extract data or as primitive societies whose transition to the modern world will be sped up through imported knowledge and techniques. During the Cold War era, social scientists believed the future prosperity of countries in the 'Third World' to depend on their adoption of technical knowledge from the 'First World'. This seminar seeks to unsettle these kinds of narratives. Focusing primarily on Latin America and also considering sub-Saharan Africa, Southeast Asia, and Australasia, this seminar will examine how the Global South has been a rich site of scientific creativity and technological invention. By studying the creation of scientific knowledge in the Global South this seminar dissolves conventional dichotomies - such as primitive/modern, core/periphery, developed/ underdeveloped - and examines the role of technoscience in the formation of global asymmetries.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DESIGN II", number:"null", id:"42352", path:"/courses/42352", description:"An introduction to the design of architecture in the landscape. Issues of mapping, placement, scale, and construction are explored through studio design projects, site visits, and discussions. Course work focuses on the preparation and presentation of design projects emphasizing analytical skills along with the development of imaginative invention and judgment.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"FRENCH PHONETICS", number:"null", id:"44233", path:"/courses/44233", description:"This course is designed to provide students with a solid foundation in French phonetics and phonology. Part of the course will be devoted to learning how to produce discourse with native-like pronunciation and intonation. The course will also focus on improving aural comprehension by examining stylistic and regional differences in spoken French.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WRITING SEMINAR IN PSYC: NEUROSCIENCE OF VIOLENCE", number:"null", id:"38037", path:"/courses/38037", description:"This writing seminar focuses on a scholarly inquiry in the field of Psychology, the study of the human mind, its functions, and its behaviors. It will introduce students to scholarly conversations on a specific topic in this discipline as a basis for understanding discipline- and profession-based writing. This includes types of reasoning, evidence, citation practices, and other means of creating, testing, and sharing knowledge with diverse audiences. Throughout, students are introduced to new writing situations as a means of sharpening their skills and learning how to be adaptive, effective writers.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"GAME THEORY", number:"null", id:"41690", path:"/courses/41690", description:"A mathematical approach to game theory, with an emphasis on examples of actual games. Topics will include mathematical models of games, combinatorial games, two person (zero sum and general sum) games, non-cooperating games and equilibria.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CLEOPATRA", number:"null", id:"43679", path:"/courses/43679", description:"Cleopatra VII (70/69 30 BCE) is one of the most famous women in world history. She has been remembered, admired, and reproached as a power-hungry Hellenistic queen, as the last pharaoh of Egypt, as a self-confident female ruler, and as the vicious seductress of Julius Caesar and Mark Antony. Her supposedly extravagant lifestyle, her political schemes, but also her integrity in choosing suicide over submission have inspired poets, artists, and historians from her own time to our modern world. In this seminar, we will take a closer look at some of the common perceptions and stereotypes that have shaped the image of Cleopatra for more than 2000 years. The main focus, however, will be on the historical queen, her biography, and the political and cultural contexts of her life. We will use ancient literary texts, papyri, inscriptions, coins, and archaeological evidence to analyze Cleopatra's rise to power, how she presented herself to her subjects, and how she was perceived by others, as well as her role in the tumultuous events that led to the end of the Hellenistic period and the rise of imperial Rome under the rule of Augustus. No prerequisites, but some background in Hellenistic and/or Roman history will be helpful.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SEMINAR ABNORMAL PSYCH: GENDER AND PSYCHOPATHOLO", number:"null", id:"44859", path:"/courses/44859", description:"Topics vary each semester.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ARCHITECTURE IN THE ANTHROPOCENE", number:"null", id:"39541", path:"/courses/39541", description:"This course will use architecture and the built environmental as a lens to investigate the emerging field of the environmental humanities. Our goal will be to analyze and understand these new intellectual frameworks in order to consider the relationship between global environmental challenges and the process of constructing the built environment. As such, we will oscillate between social and political theory, environmental history, and architectural history and theory. Issues of importance will include: theories of risk, the role of nature in political conflicts; images, design and environmental communication; and the relationship between speculative design and other narratives of the future. These conceptual frameworks will be read alongside examples of related creative projects in art, literature, and architecture, and will be amplified through presentations and discussions with studio faculty and other visitors to the course.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WELL WOMEN HEALTH CARE, THEORY", number:"null", id:"41904", path:"/courses/41904", description:"This course focuses on the management and evaluation of physical, emotional, socio-cultural and educational needs of gynecologic primary health care of women from adolescence through post-menopausal years. The content is directed at expanding the expertise of the student in in meeting the primary women's health care needs in contemporary society. Social influences that have an impact on women's lives are also explored.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"DISCRETE MATHEMATICS II", number:"null", id:"38882", path:"/courses/38882", description:"Topics will be drawn from some subjects useful in the analysis of information and computation: logic, set theory, theory of computation, number theory, probability, and basic cryptography.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"TOPICS EARLY MODERN PHIL", number:"null", id:"37756", path:"/courses/37756", description:"Women, liberty, feminisms and ways of approaching the history of philosophy. 

In this course, we'll look at the various ways women and men of the early modern period thought about liberty, most particularly as it related to women as individuals and in their social-political roles. We will draw upon texts that are clearly 'philosophical' (in the way we think about philosophy in contemporary anglo-analytic philosophy departments) as well as texts that are not so typically 'philosophical'. In addition to looking at the concept of liberty as it pertains to women, there will be two meta-themes to the course. First, does it make sense to think of thinkers writing 300 years ago as feminists, or is that just a 'vile anachronism' as some scholars believe? And if it does make sense, what forms of feminism can we discern in the early modern period? Second, what are the best ways to integrate atypical philosophy texts into a study of the history of philosophy?", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CURRENT KOREAN MEDIA II", number:"null", id:"36003", path:"/courses/36003", description:"Offered through the Penn Language Center. While KORN 311 is covering more general and broader topics, this course emphasizes developing in-depth knowledge of Korean society through research, discussion, and presentations.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CAPITAL MARKETS", number:"null", id:"35802", path:"/courses/35802", description:"This course examines the available corporate securities that firms can use to finance investment. The course will focus on: (1) the design of these securities (Why do bonds have embedded options? What is the role of preferred stock?); (2) the issuing process for these securities (What do investment banks do? Is the underwriting process important for the cost of capital?); (3) the pricing of these securities (How are credit risk in bonds and loans priced?) The securities covered include corporate and junk bonds, bank loans, common and preferred equity, commercial paper, securitization, as well as some recent innovations. Other topics include the role of embedded options in corporate bonds; the role of bank and loan covenants; the function of bond rating agencies; exchange offers; prepackaged bankruptcies; bankruptcy Chapter 11; workouts; debtor-in-possession financing; and pricing credit risk. The course is designed to be complementary to Advanced Corporate Finance and Fixed Income Securities.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SCIENCE TECHNOLGY & WAR", number:"null", id:"42188", path:"/courses/42188", description:"In this survey we explore the relationships between technical knowledge and warin the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. We attend particularly to the centrality of bodily injury in the history of war. Topics include changing interpretations of the machine gun as inhumane or acceptable; the cult of the battleship; banned weaponry; submarines and masculinity; industrialized war and total war; trench warfare and mental breakdown; the atomic bomb and Cold War; chemical warfare in Viet Nam; and 'television war' in the 1990s.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADVANCED ITALIAN II", number:"null", id:"44372", path:"/courses/44372", description:"In Italian 202, students will strengthen their communication skills, while continuing to explore significant aspects of contemporary Italian culture and history. Students will take further steps towards being able to understand in depth and to contextualize authentic Italian documents. Films, songs, and a variety of readings, will be used as windows on particular historical periods, cultural movements, political issues, and social customs. They will serve as a tool to investigate the many facets of Italian identity and, at the same time, as a way to prepare those students who will continue their study of Italian literature and culture in higher-level courses.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"SPECULATIVE FICTION: HORROR, MYSTERY AND SUSPENSE", number:"null", id:"41298", path:"/courses/41298", description:"A course devoted to speculative fiction and literature. Topics might include science fiction, fantasy, horror, and other related genres.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ADV HINDI LANG & LIT", number:"null", id:"35906", path:"/courses/35906", description:"Advanced Hindi aims at systematically developing higher level linguistic functions and cultural nuances. Students learn to describe, narrate and support opinions in informal and formal styles. The objective of the course is to promote a meaningful interaction with written literature and with native speakers in a socially acceptable manner in a variety of simple and complicated situations. A variety of authentic materials are used, such as short stories, plays, newspapers, magazines, videos, television and radio broadcasts, and interviews. Every semester the course materials and foci vary depending on the needs and interests of students in the class.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"CONTEM FRANCE THRU MEDIA", number:"null", id:"45170", path:"/courses/45170", description:"", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"ELEMENTARY POLISH II", number:"null", id:"39306", path:"/courses/39306", description:"This course is a continuation of the SLAV501 680. This is for students who want to acquire the linguistic skills necessary for communication in everyday situations and that would constitute a solid base for further study of the Polish language. In addition students will become acquainted with various aspects of Polish culture (including Polish films), history and contemporary affairs. Students will learn through classroom exercises based on a modern textbook, completion of individual and group assignments and work with various audio and video materials. The textbook Hurra - Po Polsku 1 is written in the spirit of the communicative approach, which makes it possible to communicate from the very beginning of the learning process. The special attention, however, will be paid on systematic development of all language skills: listening, reading, speaking and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"INTRO TO OPS & INFO MGMT: Introduction to Operations and Information Management", number:"null", id:"36294", path:"/courses/36294", description:"OPIM 101 explores a variety of common quantitative modeling problems that arise frequently in business settings, and discusses how they can be formally modeled and solved with a combination of business insight and computer-based tools. The key topics covered include capacity management, service operations, inventory control, structured decision making, constrained optimization and simulation. This course teaches how to model complex business situations and how to master tools to improve business performance. The goal is to provide a set of foundational skills useful for future coursework atWharton as well as providing an overview of problems and techniques that characterize disciplines that comprise Operations and Information Management.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"BUILDING NON-PROFITS: THE BUSINESS OF A MISSION-DRIVEN ORGANIZATION", number:"null", id:"42222", path:"/courses/42222", description:"This course will cover the basic elements of building and growing a non-profit organization, including the development of the mission and the board; needs assessment, program design, development, and management; financial management, contract compliance and understanding an audit; fundraising, public, foundation, corporate, and individual; communication and marketing; organizational administration (including staff and volunteer selection, management and development); public policy, research and advocacy. Students will make site visits and engage role play, in addition to research and writing.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"POLITICS,MEDIA, & PUBLIC DUPLOMACY", number:"null", id:"38372", path:"/courses/38372", description:"This advanced level seminar focuses on the relationship between U.S. and global politics and the media. It examines the complex and often paradoxical relationship between politics and media, the role of journalism today, and the definition of media and related normative questions. In addition, this course focuses on the changing and critically important role of public diplomacy-the way the U.S. and other nations communicate to the world. This course is designed to provide students an overview of the above subjects and to acquaint them with key areas of related literature-sensitizing them as well to the complex interaction between politics and the press. In addition to a roughly 5000-word paper covering a relevant subject selected by students, the course will help develop important pragmatic skills in terms of verbal and short-form communications. For some classes, a number of highly accomplished special guests will be utilized.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
CREATE (:Course{name:"WOMEN AND INCARCERATION", number:"null", id:"44661", path:"/courses/44661", description:"This elective course will afford students the opportunity to develop and implement health education workshops for incarcerated women in the Philadelphiajail system. Students will explore the social and historical framework and trends in the incarceration of women, as well as the needs of this population, and will identify specific areas that need to be addressed by particular disciplines or professions. Students will have direct contact with the jail system, its staff, and female inmates.", courseQuality:"0.0", professorQuality:"0.0", difficulty:"0.0"})
